<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1422142_0001628280-24-045698.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7739353</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>557961</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1493023</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2365012</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1711029</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1479196</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-045698.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106160836
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-045698
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aadi Bioscience, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001422142
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				611547850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38560
		FILM NUMBER:		241430963

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17383 SUNSET AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE A250
		CITY:			PACIFIC PALISADES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90272
		BUSINESS PHONE:		424-473-8055

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17383 SUNSET AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE A250
		CITY:			PACIFIC PALISADES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90272

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Aerpio Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170316

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZETA ACQUISITION CORP II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071227

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-045698.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 aadi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

aadi-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 ______________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ______________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______________ to ______________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 ______________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 ______________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 ______________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 As of November 1, 2024 , the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 2 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 202 4 and December 31, 202 3 (Unaudited) 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 202 4 and 202 3 (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 202 4 and 202 3 (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 202 4 and 202 3 (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 36 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 36 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 100 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 100 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 101 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 101 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 102 
 Signatures 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 AADI BIOSCIENCE, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share data and par value) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current portion Due to licensor payable (Note 7) Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) par value, shares authorized; shares 
 issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; 
 and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 AADI BIOSCIENCE, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands, except share data and earnings per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Product sales, net Total revenue Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative Research and development Restructuring charges Cost of goods sold Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense) Foreign exchange loss ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Total other income (expense), net Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized gain on available-for-sale debt securities Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 AADI BIOSCIENCE, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands, including share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Par Value Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Share-based compensation expense Unrealized loss on investments, net of tax ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of shares under the employee stock purchase plan Unrealized loss on investments, net of tax ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Unrealized gain on investments, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Par Value Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Unrealized gain on investments, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of shares under the employee stock purchase plan Unrealized loss on investments, net of tax ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Unrealized gain on investments, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents 

 AADI BIOSCIENCE, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Share-based compensation expense Amortization of premiums and discounts on short-term investments, net ) ) Non-cash interest expense Non-cash lease expense Depreciation expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other non-current assets Operating lease liabilities ) ) Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other current liabilities ) ) Other liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchase of short-term investments ) ) Maturity of short-term investments Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Deferred offering costs paid for financing ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid during the period Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities: Deferred transaction costs included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued property and equipment 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 1. 
 million as of September 30, 2024. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , the Company had a net loss of million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , the Company had a net loss of million and million, respectively. To date, these operating losses have been funded primarily from outside sources of invested capital through the issuance of convertible promissory notes, grant funding, the sale of securities, and proceeds from license agreements. 
 The Company had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of million at September 30, 2024. Management believes the Company s current cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will provide sufficient funds to enable the Company to meet its obligations for at least twelve months from the filing date of this report. If the Company is unable to achieve and maintain profitability, it will need additional financing to support its continuing operations and pursue its strategic objectives. Additional financing may be achieved through a combination of equity offerings and debt financing. The Company may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements when needed on favorable terms or at all. 
 On March 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC Cowen ), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time at the Company s sole discretion, subject to limitations under applicable securities laws, shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million through Cowen as its sales agent for an at-the-marketing-offering. Any sales under the Sales Agreement may result in dilution to existing shareholders. As of September 30, 2024 , shares of common stock had been sold under this Sales Agreement. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 operating segment, which is the business of developing and commercializing proprietary therapeutics. All the assets and operations of the Company s sole operating and reportable segment are located in the United States. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Customer Concentration 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, two customers represented and , and and of the Company's revenue, respectively. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, two customers represented and , and and of the Company s revenue, respectively. 
 Additionally, two customers accounted for and of net accounts receivable as of September 30, 2024. 
 Refer to Note 6 for further information on the Company's leases. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the condensed consolidated balance sheets (in thousands): 
 Restricted cash, non-current Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, recorded customer allowances for chargebacks were and million, respectively. There were allowances for credit losses and receivables were written off for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Work in process Finished goods Total 
 . Such costs are periodically reviewed for recoverability when impairment indicators are present. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Construction in process Furniture and fixtures Lab equipment Leasehold improvements Total Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Construction in process mainly consists of lab, production, and testing equipment. Depreciation expense on property, plant, and equipment amounted to and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation expense on property, plant, and equipment amounted to million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 t recorded any such liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 . 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 The total amount deducted from gross product sales for the allowances described above for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, was million and million, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for current period sales Payments ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 . 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 2021 ESPP offering period. 
 
 Pre-Funded Warrants (as defined below), which were issued in September 2022, for the purchase of shares of common stock, for which the remaining unfunded exercise price is per share. See Note 8 for more information on the Pre-Funded Warrants. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Restricted Stock Units to acquire common stock Warrants to purchase common stock 
 
 3. 
 U.S. government treasury bills Commercial paper Corporate bonds Total financial assets 
 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Money market funds (1) U.S. government treasury bills Commercial paper Corporate bonds (2) Government agency Total financial assets 
 (1) Included in cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Includes investments classified as cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 All marketable securities had a contractual maturity of less than one year as of September 30, 2024. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 U.S. government treasury bills Less than 1 Commercial paper Less than 1 Corporate bonds Less than 1 Total 
 As of December 31, 2023 Maturity (In Years) Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value Money market funds U.S. government treasury bills Less than 1 Commercial paper Less than 1 ) Corporate bonds Less than 1 ) Government agency Less than 1 ) Total ) 
 
 5. 
 Accrued salaries and payroll Accrued restructuring charges Accrued bonus Accrued clinical Accrued contract manufacturing Accrued other - sales related Accrued other Total accrued liabilities 
 
 6. 
 facility lease agreement for office space in Pacific Palisades, California (the Pacific Palisades Lease ). The Pacific Palisades Lease commenced on May 1, 2019, included of rent abatement and a rent escalation clause and was set to expire on August 31, 2021. In August 2021, the Company exercised its option to extend the term of the Pacific Palisades Lease for an additional period and entered into an amendment to the lease agreement (the Pacific Palisades Lease Amendment ). Pursuant to the Pacific Palisades Lease Amendment, the Company and the landlord agreed to extend the term for an additional period of three (3) years and six (6) months, until February 28, 2025, with an option to renew for an additional three ) years in accordance with the terms of the Pacific Palisades Lease. Included in the Pacific Palisades Lease Amendment were of rent abatement and a rent escalation clause. 
 In April 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement for office space in Morristown, New Jersey (the Morristown Lease ). The Morristown Lease has a term of , unless terminated sooner, and includes rent abatement for the first and the forty-seventh and forty-eighth calendar months after lease commencement. Included in the Morristown Lease are fixed rent escalations of approximately on each anniversary year of the lease term. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Liabilities: Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, non-current Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 Cash paid for leases and included in operating cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is presented on the following table (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash paid included in operating cash flows 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total minimum lease payments Less: amount representing interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities Less: operating lease liabilities, current ) Operating lease liabilities, non-current Remaining lease term (in years) Incremental borrowing rate 
 The Company includes the option to renew the lease as part of the right of use lease asset and liability when it is reasonably certain the Company will exercise the option. In general, the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise such options. 
 
 7. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, royalties on net product sales were million and million, respectively. payments related to sublicense fees were paid during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 On August 30, 2021, the Company and BMS entered into Amendment No. 1 (the Amendment to the BMS License Agreement related to certain intellectual property rights of BMS pertaining to the compound known as FYARRO. Under the terms of the Amendment, the Company paid BMS million representing of the previously outstanding payment obligation under the terms of the BMS License Agreement, following the effective time of the Company's 2021 private investment in public equity financing (the 2021 PIPE Financing ). Pursuant to the terms of the Amendment, the remaining previously outstanding payment obligation of million, is due on the third anniversary of the effective time of the 2021 PIPE Financing, or August 26, 2024 plus any accrued and unpaid interest due thereon (the Balloon Payment ). The Balloon Payment accrued interest, beginning August 26, 2021 until paid in full, at a rate equal to per annum based on the weighted average amount outstanding during the applicable calendar quarter, with interest payable quarterly in arrears. In accordance with the terms of the Amendment, the Company paid the outstanding payment obligation of million by the due date. In addition, under the Amendment the parties agreed to amend the royalty rates payable to BMS based on net sales of products subject to the BMS License Agreement. 
 EOC License Agreement 
 On December 8, 2020, the Company entered into a license agreement EOC License Agreement with EOC Pharma (Hong Kong) Limited EOC under which the Company received million in January 2021 in non-refundable upfront consideration as partial payment for the rights and licenses granted to EOC by the Company for the further development and commercialization of FYARRO in the People s Republic of China, Hong Kong Special Administration Region, Macao Special Administrative Region and Taiwan (the Licensed Territory ). In accordance with the BMS License Agreement, the Company is required to pay of all sublicense fees to BMS. 
 The Company assessed the EOC License Agreement and concluded that EOC was a customer and identified the license of FYARRO provided to EOC as the sole performance obligation. The million upfront payment received from EOC is non-refundable and non-creditable and is considered fixed consideration. The Company recognized revenue of million in December 2020 when the EOC License Agreement was signed, and the million upfront payment was received in January 2021. 
 The potential milestone payments and royalty payments under the EOC License Agreement were considered variable consideration and were constrained with respect to revenue recognition notification from EOC that the milestone and royalty payments had been achieved. 
 The Company was eligible to receive an additional million in the aggregate upon achievement of certain development, regulatory, and sales milestones, as well as tiered royalties on net sales in the Licensed Territory. Under the terms of the EOC License Agreement, EOC was obligated to fund all research, development, regulatory, marketing and commercialization activities in the defined Licensed Territory. The Company earned million in milestone revenue upon achievement of the FDA approval milestone on November 22, 2021. EOC paid the million milestone payment in December 2021. In accordance with the BMS License Agreement, of the million payment, or million, was accrued at December 21, 2021, and paid in January 2022. 
 On June 27, 2022, the Company received written notice from EOC that EOC elected to terminate the EOC License Agreement, effective immediately, due to alleged material breaches by the Company under such agreement. The Company disputed EOC s allegations of material breach. See Note 12 for information regarding the subsequent arbitration between EOC and the Company regarding this dispute. 
 
 8. 
 shares of authorized preferred stock, par value per share, with shares outstanding. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 shares of authorized common stock, par value of per share, under the Company's certificate of incorporation, as amended and restated. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the shares of common stock outstanding were and , respectively. 
 In March 2022, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement (the "Sales Agreement") with Cowen , with respect to an at the market offering program pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time at its sole discretion, subject to limitations under applicable securities laws, shares of common stock having aggregate gross proceeds of up to million through Cowen as its sales agent . The Company will pay Cowen of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement. As of September 30, 2024 , shares of common stock had been sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement. 
 On September 22, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement for a private investment in public equity financing (the 2022 PIPE Financing with certain investors (the 2022 PIPE Investors for the sale by the Company of (i) shares of the Company s common stock for a price of per share and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company's common stock (the "Pre-Funded Warrants") at a purchase price of per Pre-Funded Warrant. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of and will be exercisable until exercised in full. The holders of Pre-Funded Warrants may not exercise a Pre-Funded Warrant if the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than of the number of shares of the Company's common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise; provided, that the holders of Pre-Funded Warrants may increase or decrease such percentages not in excess of by providing at least days prior notice to the Company. The 2022 PIPE Financing closed on September 26, 2022. Aggregate net proceeds, after deducting certain expenses incurred of million related to the issuance of the shares, were million. 
 On September 26, 2022, the Company and the 2022 PIPE Investors entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the 2022 PIPE Registration Rights Agreement providing for the registration for resale of the securities sold under the Purchase Agreement, including the shares issuable upon the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, that are not then registered on an effective registration statement, pursuant to a registration statement filed with the SEC. The Company filed a Form S-3 registration statement to register the resale of such securities on October 26, 2022, which became effective on November 4, 2022. The Pre-Funded Warrants meet the criteria to be classified within stockholders equity. As of September 30, 2024, all Pre-Funded Warrants are still outstanding. 
 Dividends 
 The holders of common stock are entitled to receive cash dividends, if and when declared by the board of directors of the Company (the board of directors ). Since the Company s inception, cash dividends have been declared or paid to the holders of common stock. 
 Liquidation 
 In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Company, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in the Company s assets. 
 Voting 
 The holders of common stock are entitled to vote at all meetings of stockholders for each share of common stock held by such stockholders as of the record date. 
 
 9. 
 further awards may be issued under the Private Aadi Plan. 
 The options that are granted from the Private Aadi Plan are exercisable at various dates as determined upon grant and will expire no more than from their date of grant. The Private Aadi Plan stock options generally vest over a term. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 new awards may be granted under the Prior Plans effective as of the closing of the Merger and the adoption of the 2021 Plan (as defined below). 
 2021 Plan 
 At the closing of the Merger, the Company adopted the Aadi Bioscience, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), which permits the award of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units and performance grants to employees, members of the board of directors, and outside consultants. 
 Subject to the adjustment provisions contained in the 2021 Plan and the evergreen provision described below, a total of shares of common stock was initially reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Plan. In addition, the shares reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan include any shares of common stock (i) subject to awards of stock options or other awards granted under the Prior Plans that expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised in full and shares of common stock granted under the Prior Plans that are forfeited or repurchased by the Company, and (ii) any shares of common stock subject to stock options or similar awards granted under the Private Aadi Plan that were assumed in the Merger (provided that the maximum number of shares that may be added to the 2021 Plan pursuant to this sentence is shares). 
 The number of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan will include an annual increase, or the evergreen feature, on the first day of each of the Company s fiscal years, beginning with the Company s fiscal year 2022, equal to the least of: 
 shares of common stock; 
 a number of shares equal to of the outstanding shares of common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year; or 
 such number of shares as the board of directors or its designated committee may determine. 
 As a result of the evergreen increase, a total of shares were added to the 2021 Plan on January 1, 2024 and shares of common stock were added to the 2021 Plan on January 1, 2023. 
 Shares issuable under the 2021 Plan are authorized, but unissued, or reacquired shares of common stock. If an award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, is surrendered pursuant to an exchange program, or, with respect to restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units or performance shares, is forfeited to or repurchased by the combined company due to failure to vest, the unpurchased shares (or for awards other than stock options or stock appreciation rights, the forfeited or repurchased shares) will become available for future grant or sale under the 2021 Plan (unless the 2021 Plan has terminated). 
 2023 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan 
 On September 27, 2023 the Company adopted the 2023 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the Inducement Plan ), pursuant to which the Company may from time to time make equity grants to new employees as a material inducement to their employment. The Company reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the Inducement Plan. The only persons eligible to receive awards under the Inducement Plan are individuals who are new employees and satisfy the standards for inducement grants under applicable Nasdaq listing rules. 
 As of September 30, 2024, , , and shares were outstanding under the 2014 Private Aadi Plan, 2017 Plan, 2021 Plan, and 2023 Inducement Plan, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, shares were outstanding under the 2011 Plan. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised Expired/cancelled ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Options exercisable as of September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 The total intrinsic value of the options exercised during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of the options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and million, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, and shares were reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, shares were reserved for issuance under the 2023 Inducement Plan. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The value of restricted stock unit awards (RSUs) is based on the Company s stock price on the date of grant. Employee grants vest over . Forfeitures of RSUs are recognized as they occur. The shares underlying the RSU awards are not issued until the RSUs vest. Upon vesting, each RSU converts into one share of the Company s common stock. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Nonvested shares at current period end 
 As of September 30, 2024 there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Compensation Expense Summary 
 Research and development Total 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the estimated fair value for share-based option awards. Option pricing and models require the input of various assumptions, including the option s expected life, expected dividend yield, price volatility and risk-free interest rate of the underlying stock. Forfeitures are recognized and accounted for as they occur. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected term (in years) - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield 
 (1) awards were granted during the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 The Company determines the assumptions used in the option pricing model in the following manner: 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate For the determination of the risk-free interest rates, the Company utilizes the U.S. Treasury yield curve for instruments in effect at the time of measurement with a term commensurate with the expected term assumption. 
 Expected Volatility The Company based its estimate of expected volatility on a weighted average using the Company's limited historical stock price volatility data, supplemented with the estimated and expected volatilities of a guideline group of publicly traded companies. For these analyses, the Company selected companies with comparable characteristics including enterprise value, risk profiles, and with historical share price information sufficient to meet the expected life of the share-based awards. The Company computes the historical volatility data using the daily closing prices for the selected companies shares during the equivalent period of the calculated expected term of its share-based awards. The Company will continue to apply this process until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of its own stock price becomes available. 
 Expected Dividend The expected dividend yield is assumed to be because the Company has never paid dividends and does not have current plans to pay any dividends on its common stock. 
 Expected Term The Company estimates the expected term of its stock options granted to employees and non-employee directors using the simplified method, whereby, the expected term equals the average of the vesting term and the original contractual term of the option. The Company utilizes this method since it does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term. 
 Merger Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 
 The Company had warrants outstanding for the purchase of shares of the Company s common stock at both September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. These warrants were assumed in the Merger and were issued by Aerpio in October 2019, for the purchase of shares (after taking into account the reverse stock split of the Company s common stock at a ratio of 15:1 effected on August 26, 2021 immediately prior to the closing of the Merger (the "Reverse Stock Split")) of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share (after taking into account the Reverse Stock Split). These warrants were fully vested as of the date of the Merger and expire on October 24, 2024. warrants were exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. At the grant date, the fair value of these awards was determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 The number of shares and the exercise price shall be adjusted for standard anti-dilution events such as stock splits, combinations, reorganizations, or issue shares as part of a stock dividend. The warrants meet the criteria to be classified within stockholders equity. 
 
 10. 
 of their eligible compensation during defined rolling offering periods to purchase the Company's common stock. The purchase price of the shares will be of the lower of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the first day of trading of the offering period or on the applicable purchase date. Upon approval of the 2021 ESPP by the stockholders, Aerpio s Amended and Restated 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan terminated. 
 An aggregate of shares of common stock was initially reserved for issuance under the 2021 ESPP. The number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2021 ESPP is increased on the first day of each fiscal year beginning with the 2022 fiscal year in an amount equal to the least of (i) shares of common stock, (ii) one percent 
 21 

Table of Contents of the outstanding shares of all classes of common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) an amount to be determined by the board of directors or its designated committee no later than the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year. On January 1, 2024, shares of common stock were added to the 2021 ESPP. Shares of common stock issuable under the 2021 ESPP will be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired shares of common stock. If the Company s capital structure changes because of a stock dividend, stock split or similar event, the number of shares that can be issued under the 2021 ESPP will be appropriately adjusted. The Company opened enrollment into the ESPP in May 2022. 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes model to determine the estimated fair value for purchases under the 2021 ESPP. Black-Scholes models require the input of various assumptions, including the expected life, expected dividend yield, price volatility and risk-free interest rate of the underlying stock. The expected volatility used in calculating the estimated fair value for purchases under the 2021 ESPP is based on the historical volatility of the Company's common stock. 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 Expected term (in years) 
 and shares of common stock were available for issuance under the 2021 ESPP, respectively. The Company had an outstanding liability of million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, which will be recognized over . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, shares were issued under the 2021 ESPP, respectively. 
 
 11. 
 income tax expense for the three months ended income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company continues to maintain a full valuation allowance. 
 
 12. 
 million for expenditures incurred by clinical and contract manufacturing vendors as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company was party to a Negotiated Purchase Order Terms and Conditions for Clinical and Commercial Product, as amended effective as of August 1, 2022, March 31, 2024, and July 31, 2024 (the "Fresenius Agreement"), with Fresenius Kabi that contains specific activities including non-cancellable commitments, minimum purchase commitments, and binding annual forecasts. As of September 30, 2024, there were non-cancellable purchase commitments under the Fresenius Agreement related to the purchase of inventory for million to be paid in the remainder of 2024. The Fresenius Agreement expired pursuant to its terms on September 30, 2024. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million and million in expenses related to the Mirati collaboration. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred million and million in expenses related to the Mirati collaboration. 
 
 13. 
 in response to the Company's announcement on August 20, 2024 that it will halt the registration-intended PRECISION1 trial of nab-sirolimus in patients with solid tumors harboring TSC1 or TSC2 inactivating alterations. The Company recorded a total restructuring charge of million, which consists of one-time termination benefits such as severance costs and related benefits. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made cash payments related to the restructuring of million. As of September 30, 2024, the million one-time termination benefits remain payable and are recorded within the accrued expenses and other liabilities line item on the Company's condensed balance sheet. Restructuring payments commenced in September 2024 and will extend through December 2024. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Quarterly Report contains express or implied forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are based on our management s belief and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements relate to future events or our future operational or financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our assessment of strategic options and our ability to identify and implement any strategic transactions; 
 the period over which we anticipate our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements; 
 our ability to maintain regulatory approval for FYARRO in advanced malignant perivascular epithelioid cell tumor PEComa ), or to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for FYARRO in additional indications, or any other product candidates we may develop in the future, and any related restrictions, limitations or warnings in the label of an approved product candidate; 
 our belief that we presently have sufficient supply of FYARRO for at least the next two years based on our estimated demand for PEComa sales; 
 our plans and potential for success relating to commercializing FYARRO, or any other product candidate that we may develop, if approved; 
 the anticipated timing of releasing data for current or future clinical trials; 
 the anticipated timing of commencement, enrollment, and completion of any current or future clinical trials for FYARRO in additional indications, or any other product candidates we may develop in the future; 
 our plans related to the further development and manufacturing of FYARRO; 
 the timing, scope or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals for FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa in foreign jurisdictions and any additional indications we may pursue and any other product candidates we may develop in the future; 
 our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy; 
 the pricing and reimbursement of FYARRO and any other product candidates we may develop in the future, if approved; 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance of FYARRO and any other product candidates we may develop in the future, if approved; 
 the timing, progress and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our programs and product candidates, the timing of initiation and completion of studies or trials and related preparatory work, the period during which the results of the trials will become available and our research and development programs; 
 our ability to recruit and enroll suitable patients in our clinical trials; 
 the expectations regarding the beneficial characteristics, safety, efficacy and therapeutic effects of FYARRO and any other product candidates that we may develop in the future; 
 our ability to develop and advance product candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical studies; 
 the implementation of our business model and our strategic plans for our business; 
 our ability to establish or maintain collaborations or strategic relationships or obtain additional funding; 
 our ability to contract with and rely on third parties to assist in conducting our clinical trials and manufacturing FYARRO and any other product candidates we may develop in the future; 
 the size and growth potential of the markets for FYARRO and any other product candidates we may develop in the future, if approved, and our ability to serve those markets, either alone or in partnership with others; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including funding necessary to commercialize FYARRO and to complete further development, approval and, if approved, commercialization of FYARRO in additional indications and any other product candidates we may develop in the future; 
 the potential for our business development efforts to maximize the potential value of our portfolio; 
 our ability to compete with other companies currently marketing or engaged in the development of treatments for the indications that we are pursuing for FYARRO and any other product candidates we may develop in the future; 
 our expectations regarding our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates; 
 our financial performance; 
 our ability to retain the continued service of our key professionals and to identify, hire and retain additional qualified professionals; 
 our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; and 
 other factors including but not limited to those detailed under the section entitled Risk Factors . 
 Forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions, and projections about the business and future financial results of the pharmaceutical industry, and other legal, regulatory and economic developments. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, intend, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, project, predict, potential, continue, likely, and similar expressions (including their use in the negative) intended to identify forward-looking statements although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, those described in Part II, Item 1A (Risk Factors) of this Quarterly Report. 
 You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect results. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual events or results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. You should read this Quarterly Report and the documents that we reference in this Quarterly Report and have filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report represent our views as of the date of this Quarterly Report. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. You should therefore not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Quarterly Report. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes to those statements thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 13, 2024. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risk, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in our forward-looking statements for many reasons, including those risks. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. You should read this Quarterly Report completely, including Part II, Item 1A (Risk Factors) of this Quarterly Report and the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements sections of this Quarterly Report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by our forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 References in the following discussion to we, our, us, or Aadi refer to Aadi Bioscience, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 Throughout this document we refer to FYARRO (nab-sirolimus, sirolimus protein-bound particles for injectable suspension (albumin-bound)) as FYARRO in the context of commercialization for the treatment of advanced malignant perivascular epithelioid cell tumor (PEComa), investigational use, our clinical trials, regulatory matters such as orphan drug designation, our license agreement with Bristol Myers Squibb Company and our former agreements with Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. and EOC Pharma (Hong Kong) Limited, all further discussed throughout this document. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing precision therapies for cancers with alterations in the mTOR pathway, a key regulator of cell growth and cancer progression. Our lead drug product, FYARRO (sirolimus protein-bound particles for injectable suspension (albumin-bound); nab -sirolimus), combines two established technologies - nanoparticle albumin-bound nab technology and the anti-cancer agent, sirolimus. Nab -sirolimus is a potent inhibitor of the mTOR biological pathway with demonstrated anti-cancer activity in our lead indication, advanced malignant perivascular epithelioid cell tumor PEComa ), a rare cancer. We exclusively license FYARRO, previously called ABI-009, nab -sirolimus, from Abraxis BioScience, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Celgene Corporation, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company BMS ). 
 In November 2021, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA approved FYARRO sirolimus protein-bound particles for injectable suspension (albumin-bound) for the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic malignant perivascular epithelioid cell tumor PEComa ). On February 22, 2022, we launched FYARRO in the United States for treatment of advanced malignant PEComa and recognized net product sales of 7.2 million and 18.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. See Results of Consolidated Operations for further discussion of our results. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Clinical Trials Updates. On August 20, 2024, we halted the PRECISION1 trial, a registration-directed tumor-agnostic Phase 2 study of FYARRO in patients with Tuberous Sclerosis Complex 1 (" TSC1 ") and Tuberous Sclerosis Complex 2 (" TSC2 ") alterations, based on efficacy results from a planned interim analysis of efficacy results from two-thirds of participants in the trial. An analysis by the Independent Data Monitoring Committee demonstrated that the study was unlikely to exceed an efficacy threshold necessary to support an accelerated approval, the key goal of this Phase 2 study. We are completing the wind-down of the PRECISION1 trial and all patients who were still receiving benefit at the time the study was halted were transitioned to an expanded access protocol. We expect to report out the PRECISION1 trial results in 2025. 
 To further preserve cash runway, we paused new enrollment, but continue dosing previously enrolled patients, in two, ongoing Phase 2 trials of FYARRO for advanced or recurrent endometrioid-type endometrial cancer (EEC) and neuroendocrine tumors (NETs). Both studies have enrolled sufficient patients (n=24 and n=12 for EEC and NETs, respectively) to assess initial efficacy signals in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Strategic Review. On August 20, 2024, we announced our commencement of a comprehensive strategic review to maximize shareholder value. Such strategic review is ongoing. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Employee Matters . On August 16, 2024, our Board of Directors (the Board approved a plan of termination that resulted in a workforce reduction of 22 employees, representing approximately 32 of our workforce. 
 In addition, as of October 1, 2024, Neil Desai, Ph.D., our former Executive Chairman, and Loretta Itri, our former Chief Medical Officer, ceased their respective employments with the company. Dr. Desai will continue to serve as a member of our Board. Dr. Itri will provide consulting services to the company for up to ten hours per month for an initial three-month term. 
 Arbitration Win . On September 26, 2024, we received the arbitration panel's Final Award in our arbitration against EOC Pharma (Hong Kong) Limited ("EOC"). EOC had claimed that we breached certain provisions of our license agreement with EOC, dated December 8, 2020 (the EOC License Agreement ), including failing to provide certain manufacturing information to EOC and, as a result, EOC sought monetary damages against us. In the arbitration panel's Final Award, it found and concluded, among other things, that we did not breach the EOC License Agreement and accordingly we are not liable for any damages to EOC. See Notes 7 and 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements and "EOC License Agreement" below for more information about the EOC License Agreement, its termination and the arbitration proceedings. 
 
 BMS License Agreement 
 We have exclusive rights for certain patents and a non-exclusive license for certain technology and know-how pertaining to ABI-009 (which we refer to as FYARRO) pursuant to an amended and restated license agreement, dated November 15, 2019, as amended August 31, 2021 (the BMS License Agreement with Abraxis BioScience, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Celgene Corporation, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of BMS. Under the BMS License Agreement, BMS is entitled to receive certain development milestone payments, royalties on net sales from licensed products under the agreement and any sublicense fees. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, royalties on net product sales were 0.5 million and 0.4 million, respectively under the terms of this agreement. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, royalties on net product sales were 1.4 million and 1.3 million, respectively under the terms of this agreement. No development payments related to milestones under this agreement were paid during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Note 7 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for more information about the BMS License Agreement. 
 On August 30, 2021, the Company and BMS entered into Amendment No. 1 (the Amendment to the BMS License Agreement. Under the terms of the Amendment, we paid BMS 5.8 million, representing 50 of the previously outstanding payment obligation under the agreement, following the effective time of our 2021 private investment in public equity (PIPE) financing ("2021 PIPE Financing") that occurred in connection with the closing of the reverse merger of Aerpio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. whereby Aspen Merger Subsidiary, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary Merger Sub ), merged with and into Aadi Subsidiary, Inc. (formerly known as Aadi Bioscience, Inc. Private Aadi )), with Private Aadi surviving as our wholly-owned subsidiary (the Merger ). Pursuant to the terms of the amendment, the remaining portion of the previously outstanding payment obligation 5.8 million), was paid by the third anniversary of the effective time of the 2021 PIPE Financing (i.e., August 26, 2024). 
 EOC License Agreement 
 In December 2020, we entered into the license agreement ("EOC License Agreement") with EOC Pharma (Hong Kong) Limited ("EOC") under which we received 14.0 million in January 2021 in non-refundable upfront consideration as partial payment for the rights and licenses granted to EOC by us for the further development and commercialization of FYARRO in the People s Republic of China, Hong Kong Special Administration Region, Macao Special Administrative Region and Taiwan (the Licensed Territory ). 
 In accordance with the BMS License Agreement, we are required to pay 20 of all sublicense fees to BMS. As such, we recognized 2.8 million of license expense in the fourth quarter of 2020 and had a corresponding 2.8 million sublicense payable to BMS as of December 31, 2020, which was paid in 2021. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, we recognized license revenue and received 1.0 million from EOC for achieving the FDA approval milestone in November 2021. In accordance with the BMS License Agreement, we recognized 0.2 million of license expense in the fourth quarter of 2021 and had a corresponding 0.2 million sublicense payable to BMS as of December 31, 2021, which was paid in 2022. 
 On June 27, 2022, we received written notice from EOC that EOC elected to terminate the EOC License Agreement, effective immediately. On June 27, 2022, EOC filed a Request for Arbitration with the International Chamber of Commerce s International Court of Arbitration against us. On September 26, 2024, the arbitration panel issued a Final Award which, among other things, found and concluded that we did not breach the EOC License Agreement and 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 accordingly we are not liable for any damages to EOC . See Notes 7 and 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for more information about the EOC License Agreement, its termination and the arbitration proceedings. 
 Former Mirati Collaboration 
 In October 2022, we entered into a collaboration and supply agreement with Mirati to evaluate t he combination of Mirati s adagrasib and FYARRO in KRAS G12C mutant NSCLC and other solid tumors. In May 2024, we announced the mutually agreed upon termination of the collaboration and supply agreement with Mirati. Enrollment in the Phase 1/2 study has been closed and the study is winding down. Under the terms of the agreement, Mirati was responsible for sponsoring and operating the Phase 1/2 study and we supplied study drug and jointly shared the cost of the study, which will continue during the winding down process. 
 
 Key Trends and Factors Affecting Comparability Between Periods 
 Commercial sale of FYARRO was launched on February 22, 2022, for the treatment of patients with advanced malignant PEComa. We recorded net product sales of 7.2 million and 18.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 We had built a cross-functional commercial team consisting of marketing, market access and commercial operations. Expenses related to our commercialization of FYARRO, in cluding personnel expenses, sales support, and marketing are included in selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. We expect these expenses to decrease, as compared to prior periods, due to our workforce reductions in 2024. 
 We expect to decrease our investment in research and development as a result of our halt and subsequent wind-down of the PRECISION1 study following interim data results and the pause of enrollment of our two Phase 2 trials of FYARRO in patients with EEC and NETs, respectively. 
 Under the BMS License Agreement, as described above, we made a payment of 5.8 million to BMS on August 26, 2024 . 
 Our future expenses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending on our strategic review and the ultimate outcome of that process. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 62.6 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. Based on our current plans, we believe our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will enable us to conduct our planned operations into the second half of 2026. 
 We have incurred net losses in each year since inception and as of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 314.4 million . These losses have resulted principally from costs incurred in connection with research and development activities, selling, general and administrative costs associated with our operations, and costs associated with the Merger. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future due to the cost of research and development, including conducting preclinical and clinical trials and identifying and designing product candidates, the regulatory approval process for FYARRO outside the United States and in additional indications and any other product candidates we may develop in the future and the continued commercialization of FYARRO. 
 Impact of Negative Global or National Events 
 Businesses have been and will continue to be impacted by a number of challenging global and national events and circumstances that continue to evolve, including the recent turmoil in the global banking system, public health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, extreme weather conditions, increased economic uncertainty, inflation, rising interest rates, and geopolitical instability, including the conflicts in Ukraine, the Middle East and in other countries. The extent of the impact of these events and circumstances on our business, operations and development timelines and plans remains uncertain, and will depend on certain developments, including the duration and scope of the events and their impact on our development activities, third-party manufacturers, and other third parties with whom we do business, as well as its impact on regulatory authorities and our key scientific and management personnel. We have been and continue to actively monitor the potential impacts that these various events and circumstances may have on our business and we take steps, where warranted, to minimize any potential negative impacts on our business resulting from these events and circumstances. For example, as the COVID-19 pandemic developed, we took numerous steps to help ensure the health and safety of our employees. While we have resumed normal operations, any resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic may cause us to 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 reinstitute certain measures to protect employee safety, including staggered work hours or reduced in-person staffing, that could result in additional disruption and/or delays in our ability to conduct development activities. 
 We have been and continue to actively monitor our supply chain in light of these challenging global and national events and circumstances, including our third-party materials suppliers. We experienced some supply disruptions due to the COVID-19 pandemic, including closures at certain chip manufacturers, which led to extended lead times for FYARRO and diversion of certain lab materials needed to support COVID-19 relief efforts. While these disruptions have been resolved, we are continuing to monitor our supply chain and contingency planning is ongoing with our partners to reduce the possibility of an interruption to our development activities or the availability of necessary materials. 
 The ultimate impact of these global and national events and circumstances, either individually or in aggregate, is highly uncertain and subject to change. To the extent possible, we are conducting business as usual, with necessary or advisable modifications to mitigate potentially negative impacts to our business. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, our clinical trials were affected by the closure of offices, lack of resources and closure of borders, among other measures being put in place around the world and we made certain modifications to employee travel, with masking and vaccination requirements in our offices, and with our employees working remotely fully or intermittently. Any inability to travel and conduct face-to-face meetings, as well as constraints surrounding hospital infrastructure and staff, can also make it more difficult to enroll and maintain patients in clinical trials. We will continue to actively monitor the rapidly evolving situation related to these global and national events, and may take further actions to mitigate potential negative impacts to our business, and that may alter our operations, including those that may be required by federal, state or local authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees and other third parties with whom we do business. At this point, the extent to which these global or national events and circumstances may affect our future business, operations and development timelines and plans, including the resulting impact on our expenditures and capital needs, remains uncertain. We will continue to evaluate the impact that these events could have on our operations, financial position, results of operations and cash flows in fiscal year 2024. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The following discussion highlights our results of operations and the principal factors that have affected our financial condition as well as our liquidity and capital resources for the periods described and provides information that management believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding of the condensed consolidated balance sheets and condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss presented herein. The following discussion and analysis are based on our condensed consolidated financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report, which we have prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). You should read the discussion and analysis together with such condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto. 
 
 Components of Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 Revenue 
 Product Sales, Net 
 FYARRO was approved by the FDA in November 2021 for treating adult patients with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic malignant PEComa. On February 22, 2022, we launched sales of FYARRO to specialty distributors SDs and a specialty pharmacy SP ). We recognize product sales when the SDs and SP obtain control of the product, which occurs upon delivery. Product sales are recorded at the net sales price, which includes provisions for the following allowances which are reflected either as a reduction to the related account receivable or as an accrued liability, depending on how the allowance is settled: 
 Distribution Fees : Distribution fees include distribution service fees paid to the SDs and SP based on a contractually fixed percentage of the wholesale acquisition cost WAC ). Distribution fees are recorded as an offset to product sales based on contractual terms at the time the sale is recognized. 
 Rebates : Allowance for rebates include mandated discounts under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and TRICARE program. Rebates are amounts owed after the final dispensing of the product to a benefit plan participant and are based upon contractual agreements or statutory requirements. The allowance for rebates is based on contracted or statutory discount rates and expected utilization by benefit plan participants. Our estimates for expected utilization of rebates are based on utilization data received from the SDs and SP since product launch. Rebates are generally invoiced and paid in arrears so that the accrual balance consists of an estimate of the amount expected to be incurred for the current quarter s activity. If actual future rebates vary from estimates, we may need to adjust prior period accruals, which would affect product sales in the period of adjustment. 
 Chargebacks: Chargebacks are discounts and fees that relate to contracts with government and other entities purchasing from the SDs and SP at a discounted price. The SDs and SP charge back to us the difference between 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 the price initially paid by the SDs and SP and the discounted price paid to the SDs and SP by these entities. If actual future chargebacks vary from these estimates, we may need to adjust prior period accruals, which would affect product sales in the period of adjustment. 
 Co-Payment Assistance: We offer co-payment assistance to commercially insured patients meeting certain eligibility requirements. Co-payment assistance is accrued at the time of product sale to the SDs and SP based on estimated patient participation and average co-pay benefit to be paid per a claim. Our estimated amounts are compared to actual program participation and co-pay amounts paid using data provided by third-party administrators. If actual amounts differ from the original estimates the assumptions being applied are updated and adjustment for prior period accruals will be adjusted in the current period. 
 Product Returns: Consistent with industry practice, we offer the SDs and SP limited product return rights for damages, shipment errors, and expiring product, provided that the return is within a specified period around the product expiration date as set forth in the applicable individual distribution agreement. We do not allow product returns for product that has been dispensed to a patient. As we receive inventory reports from the SDs and SP and have the ability to control the amount of product that is sold to the SDs and SP, we estimate future potential product returns based on the on-hand channel inventory data and sell-through data obtained from the SDs and SP. In arriving at our estimate, we also consider historical product returns, the underlying product demand, and industry data specific to the specialty pharmaceutical distribution industry. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related benefits, including share-based compensation, related to our executive, finance, business development, sales and marketing, and other corporate functions. Other general and administrative expenses include professional fees for legal, auditing, tax and business consulting services, insurance costs, intellectual property and patent costs, facility costs and travel costs. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses, which consist primarily of costs associated with our product research and development efforts, are expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses consist primarily of: (i) employee related costs, including salaries, benefits and share-based compensation expense for employees engaged in scientific research and development functions; (ii) third-party contract costs relating to research, formulation, manufacturing, nonclinical studies and clinical trial activities; (iii) external costs of outside consultants who assist with technology development, regulatory affairs, clinical development and quality assurance; (iv) payments made under our third-party licensing agreements; and (v) allocated facility-related costs. 
 Costs for certain activities, such as manufacturing, nonclinical studies and clinical trials are generally recognized based on the evaluation of the progress of completion of specific tasks using information and data provided by our vendors and collaborators. Research and development activities are central to our business. We expect to decrease our investment in research and development as a result of our halt and subsequent wind-down of the PRECISION1 study following interim data results and the pause of our two Phase 2 trials of FYARRO in patients with EEC and NETs, respectively. As a result, we expect that our research and development expenses will decrease in the foreseeable future. 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold consist primarily of royalties paid to BMS, costs incurred on sales of FYARRO and costs to manufacture and prepare the product for sales subsequent to the FDA approval in November 2021. Costs incurred prior to the FDA approval were expensed when incurred. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income, net consists of interest income earned on cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, partially offset by interest expense related to the convertible promissory notes. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized no income tax expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Since our formation in 2011, we have not recorded any U.S. federal or state income tax benefits for the net losses we have incurred in each year or our earned tax credits, due to our uncertainty of realizing a benefit from those items. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations: 
 The following table presents the results of operations for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Product sales, net 7,212 5,959 18,744 18,028 Total revenue 7,212 5,959 18,744 18,028 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative 7,186 11,221 25,698 34,204 Research and development 9,997 11,890 36,683 36,161 Restructuring charges 2,638 2,638 Cost of goods sold 804 697 2,234 1,882 Total operating expenses 20,625 23,808 67,253 72,247 Loss from operations (13,413) (17,849) (48,509) (54,219) Other income (expense), net 867 1,547 3,091 4,723 Loss before income tax expense (12,546) (16,302) (45,418) (49,496) Net loss (12,546) (16,302) (45,418) (49,496) 
 Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Product Sales, Net 
 Our product sales, net consist of sales of FYARRO since its launch in the United States on February 22, 2022. Product sales, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 7.2 million and 18.7 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, product sales, net were 6.0 million and 18.0 million, respectively. The increase in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year was primarily due to strong demand. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 7.2 million and 11.2 million, respectively. The 4.0 million decrease was primarily driven by a reduction of 2.3 million in personnel expenses, 1.5 million in commercial and marketing expenses, and 0.3 million of legal and other expenses, offset by an increase of 0.1 million related to consulting expenses. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 25.7 million and 34.2 million, respectively. The 8.5 million decrease was driven b y a reduction of 4.0 million in commercial and marketing expenses, 2.3 million in legal and other expenses, 2.1 million in personnel expenses, and 0.1 million of consulting and insurance expenses. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development Expenses 
 The following table presents our research and development expenses for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Personnel expenses 3,857 6,215 15,673 18,067 Consultants 250 663 975 3,193 External clinical development 4,044 4,021 13,347 10,485 Clinical drug product manufacturing 1,617 743 5,984 3,247 Other expenses 229 248 704 1,169 Total research and development expenses 9,997 11,890 36,683 36,161 
 Research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 10.0 million a nd 11.9 million, respectively. The 1.9 million decrease was primarily driven by a 2.8 million decrease in personnel expense, consulting expense, and other expenses, offset by an increase of 0.9 million of clinical drug product manufacturing. 
 Research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 wer e 36.7 million and 36.2 million , respectively. The 0.5 million increase was primarily driven by a 2.9 million increase in clinical development expenses related to the EEC, NET, and PRECISION1 trials, and 2.7 million in clinical drug product manufacturing, offset by a decrease of 5.1 million in personnel expense, consulting expense, and other expenses. 
 Restructuring Charges 
 Restructuring charges for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 2.6 million. The increase in restructuring expense was due to a restructuring plan to reduce the Company's workforce by 32 in response to our announcement on August 20, 2024 that we will halt the registration-intended PRECISION1 trial of nab-sirolimus in patients with solid tumors harboring TSC1 or TSC2 inactivating alterations. 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 0.8 million and 0.7 million, respectively. Cost of goods sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 2.2 million and 1.9 million, respectively. The increase of cost of goods sold of 0.1 million and 0.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 was primarily driven by an increase of costs incurred on sales of FYARRO and costs to manufacture and prepare the product for sale. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.9 million, compared to other income, net of 1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . The change was primarily driven by a decrease in short-term investments held during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 Other income, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.1 million, compared to other income, net of 4.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The change was primarily driven by a decrease in short-term investments held during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 As of September 30, 2024 we had 62.6 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. Based on our current plans, we believe our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will enable us to conduct our planned operations into the second half of 2026. 
 We have incurred net losses in each year since inception and as of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 314.4 million. Our net losses were 12.5 million and 16.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 45.4 million and 49.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These losses have resulted principally from costs incurred in connection with research and development activities and selling, general and administrative costs associated with our operations. We expect to continue to incur 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future due to the cost of research and development, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, identifying and designing product candidates, the regulatory approval process for FYARRO outside the United States and any other product candidates we may develop in the future, and the continued commercialization of FYARRO. We expect our expenses to decrease given the recent headcount reductions, the halting and wind-down of the PRECISION1 trial and the pausing of the trials in EEC and NETs. 
 On September 22, 2022, we received funding of 72.2 million, net from a private investment in public equity financing (the 2022 PIPE Financing with certain investors (the 2022 PIPE Investors . 
 On March 17, 2022, we entered into a Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC Cowen ), with respect to an at the market offering pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time at our sole discretion, subject to limitations under applicable securities laws, shares of our common stock having aggregate gross proceeds of up to 75.0 million through Cowen as our sales agent. Under the Sales Agreement, we will set the parameters for the sale of shares, including the number of shares to be issued, the time period during which sales are requested to be made, limitations on the number or dollar value of shares that may be sold in any one trading day and any minimum price below which sales may not be made. We will pay Cowen 3.0 of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, no shares of common stock had been sold under the Sales Agreement. 
 The shares of our common stock to be offered and sold under the Sales Agreement will be issued and sold pursuant to our shelf registration statement on the Form S-3 (File No. 333-277018) (the Shelf Registration Statement ), which was filed with the SEC on February 12, 2024 and which became effective April 30, 2024. No securities have yet been sold under the Shelf Registration Statement. We filed a prospectus supplement with the SEC on May 3, 2024 in connection with the offer and sale of the shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. The prospectus supplement offers up to an aggregate of 13.5 million in shares of our common stock. We will be required to file another prospectus supplement in the event we want to offer more than 13.5 million in shares of our common stock in accordance with the Sales Agreement. 
 The Shelf Registration Statement allows us to sell from time to time up to 150.0 million of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, or units comprised of any combination of these securities, for our own account in one or more offerings and is intended to provide us flexibility to conduct registered sales of our securities, subject to market conditions and our future capital needs. The terms of any offering thereunder will be established at the time of such offering and will be described in a prospectus supplement filed with the SEC prior to the completion of any such offering. 
 On September 22, 2022, the Company entered into the Purchase Agreement for the 2022 PIPE Financing with the 2022 PIPE Investors for the sale of 3,373,526 shares of our common stock for a price of 12.50 per share and Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,426,493 shares of our common stock, at a purchase price of 12.4999 per Pre-Funded Warrant. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of 0.0001 and will be exercisable until exercised in full. The 2022 PIPE Financing closed on September 26, 2022. Aggregate net proceeds, after deducting certain expenses incurred of 0.3 million related to the issuance of the shares, were 72.2 million. 
 The following table presents our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (44,497) (50,019) Net cash provided by investing activities 12,069 79,557 Net cash provided by financing activities 77 246 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (32,351) 29,784 
 Operating Activities 
 Our cash used in operating activities primarily results from our net loss adjusted for non-cash expenses, changes in working capital components, amounts due to contract research organizations to conduct our clinical programs and employee-related expenditures for research and development and general and administrative activities. Our cash flows from operating activities will continue to be affected by spending to advance and support FYARRO and other operating and general administrative activities, including operating as a public company, and may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending on our strategic review and the ultimate outcome of that process. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , cash used in operating activities was 44.5 million and resulted from (i) our net loss of 45.4 million, (ii) 7.5 million net increase in our operating assets and liabilities, primarily driven by a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets and 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 inventory, and (iii) 8.4 million in non-cash adjustments, which were primarily related to share based compensation, discount amortization on short-term investments, lease expense, and depreciation. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 , cash used in operating activities was 50.0 million and resulted from (i) our net loss of 49.5 million, (ii) 7.2 million net increase in our operating assets and liabilities, primarily driven by a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current asset, and (iii) non-cash adjustments totaling 6.7 million, which was primarily related share based compensation, discount amortization on short-term investments, lease expense, and depreciation. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash provided by investing a ctivities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 12.1 million related to maturities of short-term investments of 50.0 million, offset by purchases of short-term investments of 36.5 million, and fixed assets of 1.5 million. 
 Cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 79.6 million related to maturities of short-term investments of 133.3 million, offset by purchases of short-term investments of 50.5 million, and fixed assets of 3.2 million . 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash provided by financi ng activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.1 million related to the purchase of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan offset by financing costs related to the Sales Agreement. 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 0.2 million related to the issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan and exercise of stock options offset by financing costs related to the Sales Agreement . 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 In April 2022, we entered into a lease for 10,615 square feet of office space in Morristown, New Jersey. The term of the lease is seventy-three months unless terminated sooner. 
 In August 2021, we entered into an amendment to extend the lease of our 2,760 square feet of office space in Pacific Palisades, California. We exercised an option, under our prior lease agreement, to extend the term for an additional period of three (3) years and six (6) months, until February 28, 2025, with an option to renew for an additional three (3) years in accordance with the terms of the Pacific Palisades Lease. Included in the renewal were nine months of rent abatement and a rent escalation clause. 
 Rent expense is being recorded on a straight-line basis. Rent expense related to the Pacific Palisades and Morristown leases for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 0.3 million . See Note 6 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for details related to future lease payments. 
 In January 2022, we entered into a Negotiated Purchase Order Terms and Conditions for Clinical and Commercial Product, as amended effective as of August 1, 2022, March 31, 2024, and July 31, 2024 (the Fresenius Agreement with Fresenius Kabi, LLC Fresenius Kabi ), pursuant to which Fresenius Kabi manufactured FYARRO for us and we purchased FYARRO as a finished drug product from Fresenius Kabi, on a purchase order basis. The Fresenius Agreement contained specific activities such as non-cancellable commitments, minimum purchase commitments, or binding annual forecasts. Under the Fresenius Agreement, which was effective through September 30, 2024, we purchased FYARRO for either clinical or commercial purposes for use in the United States and Canada. Although we believe we presently have sufficient supply of FYARRO for at least the next two years based on our estimated demand and are seeking to enter into a new agreement with Fresenius Kabi for the manufacture of FYARRO, if we are unable to enter into a new agreement on favorable terms or at all, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 We also have contracts with various organizations to conduct research and development activities, including clinical trial organizations to manage clinical trial activities and manufacturing companies to manufacture the drug product used in the clinical trials. The scope of the services under these research and development contracts can be modified and the contracts cancelled by us upon written notice. In the event of cancellation, we would be liable for the cost and expenses incurred to date as well as any close out costs of the service arrangement. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 presented. We believe that the estimates, judgments and assumptions are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments and assumptions are made. To the extent there are material differences between these estimates, judgments or assumptions and actual results, our financial statements will be affected. Historically, revisions to our estimates have not resulted in a material change to our financial statements. 
 For a discussion of our critical accounting estimates, please read Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 13, 2024. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting estimates previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide information under this Item. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Management s Evaluation of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as set forth in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms promulgated by the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 Control systems, no matter how well conceived and operated, are designed to provide a reasonable, but not an absolute, level of assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Because of the inherent limitations in any control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 For discussion of legal proceedings, see Item 1 of Part 1, Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 12 in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves significant risks, some of which are described below. In evaluating our business, investors should carefully consider the following risk factors. These risks and uncertainties summarized and described below are not intended to be exhaustive and are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should be aware of in evaluating our business, including those described in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 We may not be successful in identifying and implementing any strategic transaction and any strategic transactions that we may consummate in the future may not be successful. If we are successful in completing a strategic transaction, we may be exposed to other operational and financial risks. 
 We are a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company, have a limited operating history and have a single product approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult for you to evaluate our current business and likelihood of success and viability. 
 Our board of directors may decide to pursue a dissolution and liquidation. In such an event, the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders will depend heavily on the timing of such liquidation as well as the amount of cash that will need to be reserved for commitments and contingent liabilities. 
 We have incurred significant net losses since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur significant net losses for the foreseeable future. 
 Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends significantly on our ability to achieve several objectives relating to the discovery, development and commercialization of FYARRO and any other product candidates that we may develop in the future. 
 We are substantially dependent on the success of our lead product candidate, FYARRO. If we are unable to successfully commercialize FYARRO for the advanced malignant perivascular epithelioid cell tumor ("PEComa") indication or complete development of, obtain approval for and commercialize FYARRO for one or more other indications in a timely manner, our business will be harmed. 
 Even following commercialization of FYARRO for the advanced malignant PEComa indication, we will require additional capital to finance our operations. If we are unable to raise such capital when needed, or on acceptable terms, we may be forced to delay, reduce and/or eliminate one or more of our research and drug development programs or future commercialization efforts. 
 We may be unable to obtain United States approval for FYARRO for additional indications or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future or foreign regulatory approval for FYARRO or other product candidates that we may develop in the future and, as a result, may be unable to commercialize FYARRO in additional indications or any future product candidates and in such event our business will be substantially harmed. 
 We may not be successful in growing our product pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 We contract with qualified third parties for the production of FYARRO for commercialization and expect to continue to do so for additional clinical trials. This reliance on third parties, some of which are sole source suppliers, increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quality and quantities of FYARRO to meet demand or otherwise or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 If we cannot replicate the results from our earlier preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates in our later preclinical studies and clinical trials, we may be unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize our product candidates. 
 If we experience delays or difficulties in the enrollment and/or maintenance of patients in clinical trials, our regulatory submissions or receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented. 
 We have limited resources and are currently focusing our efforts on developing and commercializing FYARRO for particular indications. As a result, we may fail to capitalize on other indications or product candidates that may ultimately prove to be more profitable or to have a greater likelihood of success. 
 We face significant competition, and if our competitors develop and market technologies or products more rapidly than we do or achieve regulatory approval before we do or that are more effective, safer or less expensive than the products we develop, our commercial opportunities will be negatively impacted. 
 The market opportunities for FYARRO and any other product candidates we may develop in the future, if approved, may be limited to certain smaller patient subsets. 
 FYARRO is, and any other product candidate we may develop in the future for which we obtain marketing approval for could be, subject to post-marketing restrictions or recall or withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties if we or our collaborators fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we or our collaborators experience unanticipated problems with FYARRO, or any other product candidate we may develop in the future when and if any of them are approved. 
 Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled executive officers, key scientific personnel and employees. If we fail to attract and retain such personnel, we may be unable to continue to successfully develop or commercialize our product or any future product candidates or otherwise implement our business plan, including consummating potential strategic transactions. 
 If we are unable to establish or appropriately scale up our sales or marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell or market our product candidates, we may not be able to successfully sell or market our product or any future product candidates that obtain regulatory approval. 
 Our success depends on our ability to protect and strengthen our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies, including our ability to obtain patent term extension for our product or any future product candidates. 
 We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties and termination of any of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights, which would harm our business. 
 We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily. 
 Litigation and legal proceedings may substantially increase our costs and harm our business, irrespective of outcome, including any securities class action litigation that might occur in connection with potential strategic transactions. 
 Our stock price is volatile. 
 Risks Related to Strategic Process and Potential Strategic Transaction 
 We may not be successful in identifying and implementing any strategic transaction and any strategic transactions that we may consummate in the future may not be successful. 
 In August 2024, we made the decision to halt the registration-intended Phase 2 study of FYARRO in malignant solid tumors harboring Tuberous Sclerosis Complex 1 TSC1 and Tuberous Sclerosis Complex 2 TSC2 inactivating alterations (the PRECISION1 trial and pause new enrollment in the Phase 2 trials of nab -sirolimus for EEC and NETs. Our board of directors also approved a reduction in our workforce designed to substantially reduce our operating expenses while we undertake a comprehensive assessment of strategic options to maximize stockholder value. These strategic options may include a merger, reverse merger, sale, wind-down, liquidation and dissolution or other strategic transaction. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully consummate any particular strategic transaction. The process of continuing to evaluate these strategic options may be very costly, time-consuming and complex and we may incur significant costs related to this continued evaluation. We may also incur additional unanticipated expenses in connection with this process. A considerable portion of these costs will be incurred regardless of whether any such course of action is implemented or transaction is completed. Any such expenses will decrease the remaining cash available for use in our business and may diminish or delay any future distributions to our stockholders. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, there can be no assurances that any particular course of action, business arrangement or transaction, or series of transactions, will be pursued, successfully consummated, lead to increased stockholder value, or achieve the anticipated results. Any failure of such potential transaction to achieve the anticipated results could significantly impair our ability to enter into any future strategic transactions and may significantly reduce or delay any future distributions to our stockholders. 
 If we are successful in completing a strategic transaction, we may be exposed to other operational and financial risks. 
 Although there can be no assurance that a strategic transaction will result from the process we have undertaken to assess strategic options, the negotiation and consummation of any such transaction will require significant time on the part of our management, and the diversion of management s attention may disrupt the orderly operation of our company. 
 The negotiation and consummation of any such transaction may also require more time or greater cash resources than we anticipate and expose us to other operational and financial risks, including: 
 increased near-term and long-term expenditures; 
 exposure to unknown liabilities; 
 higher than expected acquisition, disposition or integration costs; 
 incurrence of substantial debt or dilutive issuances of equity securities to fund future operations; 
 write-downs of assets or incurrence of non-recurring, impairment or other charges; 
 difficulty and cost in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired business with our operations and personnel; 
 impairment of relationships with key suppliers or customers of any acquired business due to changes in management and ownership; 
 inability to retain key employees of our company or any acquired business; and 
 possibility of future litigation. 
 Any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 Our board of directors may decide to pursue a dissolution and liquidation. In such an event, the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders will depend heavily on the timing of such liquidation as well as the amount of cash that will need to be reserved for commitments and contingent liabilities. 
 There can be no assurance that a strategic transaction will be completed and, whether or not such strategic transaction is completed, our board of directors may decide to pursue a dissolution and liquidation. In such an event, the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders will depend heavily on the timing of such decision and, as with the passage of time the amount of cash available for distribution will be reduced as we continue to fund our operations. In addition, if our board of directors were to approve and recommend, and our stockholders were to approve, a dissolution and liquidation, we would be required under Delaware corporate law to pay our outstanding obligations, as well as to make reasonable provision for contingent and unknown obligations, prior to making any distributions in liquidation to our stockholders. As a result of this requirement, a portion of our assets may need to be reserved pending the resolution of such obligations and the timing of any such resolution is uncertain. In addition, we may be subject to litigation or other claims related to a dissolution and liquidation. If a dissolution and liquidation were pursued, our board of directors, in consultation with our advisors, would need to evaluate these matters and make a determination about a reasonable amount to reserve. Accordingly, holders of our common stock could lose all or a significant portion of their investment in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Our ability to consummate a strategic transaction depends on our ability to retain our employees required to consummate such transaction. 
 Our ability to consummate a strategic transaction depends upon our ability to retain our employees required to consummate such a transaction, and the loss of such employees services may adversely impact the ability to consummate such transaction. In August 2024, our board of directors approved a plan of termination that will result in a workforce reduction of 22 employees, representing approximately 32 of the Company s workforce, which is designed to substantially reduce our operating expenses while we undertake a comprehensive assessment of strategic options to maximize stockholder value . Our cash conservation activities may yield unintended consequences, such as attrition beyond our planned reduction in workforce and reduced employee morale, which may cause remaining employees to seek alternative employment. Our ability to successfully complete a strategic transaction depends in large part on our ability to 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 retain our remaining personnel. If we are unable to successfully retain our remaining personnel, we are at risk of a disruption to our exploration and consummation of strategic options as well as business operations. 
 We may become involved in securities class action litigation that could divert management s attention and harm the company s business, and insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all costs and damages. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often followed certain significant business transactions, such as the sale of a company or announcement of any other strategic transaction, or the announcement of negative events, such as negative results from clinical trials. These events may also result in or be concurrent with investigations by the SEC. We may be exposed to such litigation or investigation even if no wrongdoing occurred. Litigation and investigations are usually expensive and divert management s attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business and cash resources and our ability to consummate a potential strategic transaction or the ultimate value our stockholders receive in any such transaction. 
 Risks Related to Our Business, Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 
 We are a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company, have a limited operating history and have a single product approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult for you to evaluate our current business and likelihood of success and viability. 
 We are a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects. We have a single product, FYARRO, approved for commercial sale by the FDA in November 2021 and launched commercially in the United States for treatment of advanced malignant PEComa in February 2022. We generated net product sales for FYARRO of 7.2 million and 18.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Although we have commenced winding down the PRECISION1 trial and have suspended enrollment in the Phase 2 trials for EEC and NETs, as discussed further below, we continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. We have not yet demonstrated an ability to overcome many of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in new and rapidly evolving fields, particularly in the biopharmaceutical area. Consequently, any predictions about our future performance may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a history of successfully developing and commercializing biopharmaceutical products. 
 To date, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to research and development activities, business planning, establishing and maintaining our intellectual property portfolio, the commercialization of FYARRO, hiring personnel, raising capital and providing general and administrative support for these operations. 
 We are not currently enrolling patients in clinical trials with respect to FYARRO. In August 2024, we halted our Phase 2 study of FYARRO in malignant solid tumors harboring Tuberous Sclerosis Complex 1 TSC1 and Tuberous Sclerosis Complex 2 TSC2 inactivating alterations PRECISION1 trial based on interim data and the related analysis by the Independent Data Monitoring Committee, which determined that the study was unlikely to exceed an efficacy threshold necessary to support an accelerated approval, the key goal of the study. We are completing the wind-down of the PRECISION1 trial and all patients who were still receiving benefit at the time the study was halted were transitioned to an expanded access protocol. In addition, we paused new enrollment, but continue dosing previously enrolled patients, in our (i) Phase 2 open-label, multi-institutional study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the combination of FYARRO with letrozole for the treatment of advanced or recurrent endometrioid-type endometrial cancer ("EEC") and (ii) Phase 2 multicenter, open-label, single-arm trial to evaluate adult patients with functional or non-functional, well-differentiated, locally advanced unresectable or metastatic neuroendocrine tumors ("NETs") of the GI tract, lung, or pancreas who have received 2 prior lines of therapy excluding somatostatin analogs (SSTa). Both studies have enrolled sufficient patients (n=24 and n=12 for EEC and NETs, respectively) to assess initial efficacy signals in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 We have limited experience managing the manufacture of commercial-scale product through a third party and conducting the sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. As a result, it may be more difficult for you to accurately predict our likelihood of success and viability than it could be if we had a longer operating history. 
 In addition, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors and risks frequently experienced by early commercial-stage biopharmaceutical companies in rapidly evolving fields. We also are transitioning to a company capable of supporting commercial activities. 
 We have incurred significant net losses since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur significant net losses for the foreseeable future. 
 We have incurred significant net losses since our inception, have only been generating revenue from product sales since February 2022, and have financed our operations principally through private placements and public offerings of our securities, federal grants and proceeds from licenses. Our net losses were 12.5 million and 16.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit of 314.4 million as of 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 September 30, 2024, and 269.0 million as of December 31, 2023. These losses have resulted primarily from costs incurred in connection with research and development activities, costs incurred in connection with commercializing FYARRO and general and administrative costs associated with our operations. We have only one product approved for commercial sale which generated net product sales of 7.2 million and 18.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Although we have commenced winding down the PRECISION1 trial and have suspended enrollment in the Phase 2 trials for EEC and NETs, we continue to incur significant selling, general and administrative expenses as well as research and development expenses related to our ongoing operations, including operating expenses related to the cost of commercializing FYARRO, research and development, including identifying and designing additional product candidates and conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and the regulatory approval process for FYARRO and any future product candidates. We expect our expenses to decrease given the recent headcount reductions, the halting and wind-down of the PRECISION1 trial and the pausing of the trials in EEC and NETs. The amount of our future expenses and potential losses is uncertain. 
 Even if we succeed in commercializing FYARRO for its approved advanced malignant PEComa indication, and if we succeed in receiving regulatory approval for and commercializing FYARRO in additional indications and any future product candidates, we expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses over the next several years and for the foreseeable future. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a good indication of our future performance. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our revenues and expenses. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our working capital, our ability to fund the continued commercialization of FYARRO, the development of FYARRO for additional indications and any future product candidates, our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and the performance of our stock price. 
 Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends significantly on our ability to achieve several objectives relating to the discovery, development and commercialization of FYARRO and other product candidates that we may develop in the future. 
 We have one product approved for commercialization in the United States, FYARRO, for the treatment of advanced malignant PEComa, which was approved by the FDA in November 2021 and launched commercially in the United States in February 2022. Our ability to generate substantial product sales sufficient to achieve profitability depends on our ability, alone or with strategic collaboration partners, to obtain the regulatory and marketing approvals necessary to successfully complete discovery, development and eventual commercializati on of additional indications or any future product candidates, and commercialize FYARRO or any other future product candidates, if approved, in foreign jurisdictions . We do not anticipate generating revenue from product sales significant enough to achieve profitability for the foreseeable future. Our ability to generate future revenue and achieve profitability depends significantly on our ability, or any current or future collaborator s ability, to achieve several objectives, including, but not limited to: 
 demonstrating the safety and efficacy of FYARRO to the satisfaction of the FDA and obtaining regulatory approval for FYARRO for other indications and for any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, if any, for which there is a commercial market; 
 launching and successfully commercializing FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future following any regulatory approval, including the development of a commercial infrastructure, whether in-house or with one or more collaborators; 
 maintaining a commercially viable supply of, and manufacturing relationships with third parties that can provide adequate, in both amount and quality, products and services to support clinical development and meet the market demand for FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, if approved; 
 completing development activities successfully and on a timely basis; 
 obtaining additional regulatory and marketing approvals for FYARRO for additional indications; 
 our ability to complete investigational new drug ("IND") application enabling studies and successfully submit INDs or IND supplements or comparable applications, which become effective without any objections by the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities before commencing a clinical trial for any future product candidates; 
 establishing and maintaining relationships with contract research organizations CROs and clinical sites for the clinical development of FYARRO in other indications and any other future product candidates that we may develop; 
 timely receipt of regulatory approvals from applicable regulatory authorities for any product candidates for which we successfully complete clinical development; 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 developing or contracting for an efficient and scalable manufacturing process for future product candidates, including obtaining finished products that are appropriately packaged for sale; 
 negotiating and maintaining an adequate price for FYARRO or any future product candidates, both in the United States and in foreign countries where our products are commercialized; 
 a continued acceptable safety profile following any regulatory approval of product candidates; 
 commercial acceptance of product candidates by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 
 obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement by third-party payors for FYARRO or any future product candidates; 
 satisfying any required post-regulatory approval commitments to applicable regulatory authorities; 
 identifying, assessing and developing new product candidates; 
 obtaining, maintaining and expanding patent protection, trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity, both in the United States and internationally; 
 protecting our rights in our intellectual property portfolio; 
 defending against third-party interference or infringement claims, if any; 
 entering into and maintaining, on favorable terms, any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements that may be necessary or desirable to develop, manufacture or commercialize FYARRO and any future product candidates; and 
 addressing any competing therapies and technological and market developments and attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel. 
 We may never be successful in achieving our objectives and, even if we do, may never generate revenue that is significant or large enough to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease our value and could impair our ability to maintain or further our research and development efforts, raise additional necessary capital, grow our business or continue our operations and could cause a decline in the value of our common stock. 
 We will require additional capital to finance our operations. If we are unable to raise such capital when needed, or on acceptable terms, we may be forced to delay, reduce and/or eliminate one or more of our research and drug development programs or future commercialization efforts. 
 Developing pharmaceutical products, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, is a very time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete. Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception, and we expect this will continue as a result of our ongoing and planned activities, particularly the continued commercialization of FYARRO for its approved indication (advanced malignant PEComa) . Our expenses could increase beyond our current expectations if we are required by the FDA, the European Medicines Agency (the EMA or other regulatory agencies to perform clinical trials or preclinical studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate, or if there are any delays in any of our clinical trials or the development of any future product candidates. Other unanticipated costs may also arise. In addition, even if we obtain regulatory approval for additional indications for FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution activities and ongoing compliance activities. Although we launched FYARRO commercially for advanced malignant PEComa in February 2022, we cannot reasonably estimate the actual amount of resources and funding that will be necessary to successfully commercialize FYARRO for the advanced malignant PEComa indication or complete the development and, if approved, commercialize FYARRO for any additional indications, or any other product candidates we may develop in the future. Upon receiving regulatory approval for FYARRO from the FDA in November 2021, we are only permitted to market or promote FYARRO for the advanced malignant PEComa indication , and not for any other indication, or any other product candidate, in the United States. In addition, we have incurred, and will continue to incur, additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in order to continue our operations. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 62.6 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will enable us to fund our planned operating expenses and capital expenditures into the second half of 2026. Our estimate as to how long we expect our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments to be able to continue to fund our operations is based on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Changing circumstances, some of which may be beyond our control, could cause us to consume capital significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. 
 We plan to use our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments to fund the continued commercialization of FYARRO for the advanced malignant PEComa indication, for manufacturing operations and to fund our other research for other product candidates and development activities, as well as for working capital and other general corporate purposes. Advancing the development of FYARRO in additional indications and any future product candidate will require a significant amount of capital. Our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will not be sufficient to fund all of the activities that are necessary to complete the development of FYARRO and any future product candidates . 
 We will be required to obtain further funding to support our continuing operations through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, third-party funding, marketing and distribution arrangements, collaborations with third parties and licensing arrangements or other sources or a combination of these approaches, which may dilute our stockholders or restrict our operating activities. Any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to further develop and commercialize FYARRO or any other product candidates we may develop in the future, if approved. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms, or at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, our stockholders' ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect stockholder rights and the possibility of such issuance may cause the market price of our shares to decline. Debt financing may result in imposition of debt covenants, increased fixed payment obligations or other restrictions that may affect the conduct of our business. If we raise additional funds through up-front payments or milestone payments pursuant to strategic collaborations with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to certain of our technologies or our product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. Our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from rising inflation and interest rates, monetary policy changes, the COVID 19 pandemic, the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, and otherwise. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. 
 Our failure to raise capital as and when needed or on acceptable terms would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy, and we may have to significantly delay, reduce the scope of, suspend or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs, clinical trials or future commercialization efforts. 
 Risks Related to the Discovery, Development and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 
 We have only one product, FYARRO, which has completed development and obtained regulatory approval by the FDA for a single indication. We are substantially dependent on the success of FYARRO . If we are unable to successfully commercialize FYARRO for the advanced malignant PEComa indication or complete development of, obtain approval for and commercialize FYARRO for one or more additional indications in a timely manner, our business will be harmed. 
 We have only one commercial product that has launched, completed development and been approved by the FDA, which is FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa. Our future success is dependent on our ability to successfully commercialize FYARRO, and to timely and successfully obtain regulatory approval for additional indications for FYARRO. We are investing the majority of our efforts and financial resources to continue commercialization of FYARRO for the advanced malignant PEComa indication. 
 In May 2021, we completed the filing of a rolling NDA for FYARRO to the FDA for approval to treat patients with advanced malignant PEComa and the FDA approved FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa in November 2021. Our NDA was based on results from our AMPECT trial, which involved patients for whom there were no approved therapies in the United States. FYARRO will require additional clinical development, expansion of manufacturing capabilities, regulatory approval from foreign regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States where we plan to market FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa and potentially in additional indications , if approved, substantial investment and significant marketing efforts before we can generate any substantial revenues from product sales. We are not permitted to market or promote FYARRO for any non-PEComa indications , until we receive regulatory approval from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for any such additional indication, and we may never receive such regulatory approvals. 
 The success of FYARRO will depend on several factors, including the following: 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 the efficacy and safety of FYARRO in a larger number of patients in a non-clinical trial setting than those demonstrated in our clinical trials; 
 the effectiveness of our sales, marketing and distribution efforts; 
 the maintenance of existing or the establishment of new supply arrangements with third-party drug product suppliers and manufacturers for sufficient commercial supplies and additional clinical development of FYARRO; 
 the success of our commercial sales, including the ongoing development of a commercial infrastructure, whether in-house or with one or more collaborators; 
 the timely receipt of regulatory approval for FYARRO from applicable foreign regulatory authorities for advanced malignant PEComa; 
 the successful completion of any clinical trials, regulatory approval and commercialization of FYARRO for one or more label expansion indications; 
 the extent of any required post-regulatory approval commitments to applicable regulatory authorities; 
 the willingness of medical professionals to prescribe and patients to use FYARRO and continue to use FYARRO; 
 the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement and pricing by private and government payors; 
 the prevalence and severity of adverse side effects; 
 the convenience of prescribing, administrating and initiating patients on FYARRO; 
 the potential and perceived value and relative cost of FYARRO; 
 the successful and timely completion of the required preclinical studies and clinical trials of FYARRO for current and future indications; 
 INDs going into effect with the FDA for future clinical trials; 
 the initiation and successful patient enrollment and completion of additional clinical trials of FYARRO on a timely basis; 
 maintaining and establishing relationships with CROs and clinical sites for the development of FYARRO both in the United States and internationally; 
 the type, frequency and severity of adverse events in clinical trials; 
 demonstrating efficacy and safety profiles that are satisfactory to the FDA and any comparable foreign regulatory authority for regulatory approval; 
 obtaining and maintaining patent protection, trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity, both in the United States and internationally; 
 a continued acceptable safety profile following our current and future regulatory approval; and 
 our ability to compete with other therapies. 
 We are not currently enrolling patients in clinical trials with respect to FYARRO. In August 2024, we halted our Phase 2 study of FYARRO in malignant solid tumors harboring Tuberous Sclerosis Complex 1 TSC1 and Tuberous Sclerosis Complex 2 TSC2 inactivating alterations PRECISION1 trial based on interim data and the related analysis by the Independent Data Monitoring Committee, which determined that the study was unlikely to exceed an efficacy threshold necessary to support an accelerated approval, the key goal of the study . We are completing the wind-down of the PRECISION1 trial and all patients who were still receiving benefit at the time the study was halted were transitioned to an expanded access protocol. In addition, we paused new enrollment, but continue dosing previously enrolled patients, in our (i) Phase 2 studies in EEC and NETs. Both studies have enrolled sufficient patients (n=24 and n=12 for EEC and NETs, respectively) to assess initial efficacy signals in the fourth quarter of 2024 . 
 O ur product development costs could increase if we experience further delays. Significant trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize FYARRO or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which would impair our ability to successfully capitalize on FYARRO and may harm our business, results of operations and prospects. Events that may result in a delay or unsuccessful completion of additional clinical development of FYARRO include, among other things: 
 unexpectedly high rate of patients withdrawing consent or being lost to follow-up; 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 feedback from the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities, institutional review boards IRBs ), or a data safety monitoring board, or results from clinical trials that might require modification to a clinical trial protocol; 
 imposition of a clinical hold by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, a decision by the FDA, other regulatory authorities, IRBs or us, or a recommendation by a data safety monitoring board to suspend or terminate trials at any time for safety issues or for any other reason; 
 deviations from the trial protocol by clinical trial sites and investigators or failure to conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory requirements; 
 failure of third parties, such as CROs, to satisfy their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines; 
 delays in the testing, validation, manufacturing and delivery of FYARRO to customers or the clinical trial sites; 
 delays caused by patients dropping out of a trial due to side effects, disease progression or other reasons; 
 unacceptable risk-benefit profile or unforeseen safety issues or adverse drug reactions; 
 failure to demonstrate the efficacy of FYARRO; 
 changes in government regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the trials; or 
 business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism, such as the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, or natural disasters and public health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 An inability by us to timely complete clinical development could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate substantial product sales or development, regulatory, commercialization and sales milestone payments and royalties on product sales. 
 We do not have complete control over many of these factors, including certain aspects of clinical development and the regulatory submission process, and we could face potential threats to our intellectual property rights and the manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sales efforts of our current or any future collaborators. If we are not successful with respect to one or more of these factors, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize FYARRO for multiple indications in a timely manner or at all, which would materially harm our business. If we do not receive regulatory approvals for FYARRO in additional indications or for other product candidates, we may not be able to continue our operations. 
 In addition to FYARRO, our prospects depend in part upon discovering, developing and commercializing additional product candidates, which may fail in development or suffer delays that adversely affect their commercial viability. 
 Our future operating results are dependent on our ability to successfully discover, develop, obtain regulatory approval for and/or commercialize product candidates other than FYARRO. Prior to initiating clinical trials with product candidates, we will need to file an IND or similar application to the FDA or regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. We may not be able to file future INDs for product candidates on the timelines we expect. For example, we may experience manufacturing delays or other delays with IND-enabling studies. Moreover, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing further clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that result in the suspension or termination of clinical trials. Additionally, even if such regulatory authorities agree with the design and implementation of the clinical trials set forth in an IND, we cannot guarantee that such regulatory authorities will not change their requirements in the future. These considerations also apply to new clinical trials we may submit as amendments to existing INDs or to a new IND. Any failure to file INDs on the timelines we expect or to obtain regulatory clearance for our trials may prevent us from developing product candidates on a timely basis, if at all. A product candidate can unexpectedly fail at any stage of preclinical and clinical development. The historical failure rate for product candidates is high due to risks relating to safety, efficacy, clinical execution, changing standards of medical care and other unpredictable variables. The results from preclinical studies or early clinical trials of a product candidate may not be predictive of the results that will be obtained in later stage clinical trials of the product candidate. 
 The success of other product candidates we may develop will depend on many factors, including the following: 
 generating sufficient preclinical data to support the initiation of clinical trials; 
 obtaining regulatory permission to initiate clinical trials; 
 contracting with the necessary parties to conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 successful enrollment of patients in, and the completion of, clinical trials on a timely basis; 
 the timely manufacture of sufficient quantities of a product candidate for use in clinical trials; and 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 generating sufficient safety and efficacy data to warrant continued development and which are satisfactory to the FDA or any other regulatory authority for marketing approval. 
 Even if we successfully advance any other product candidates into clinical development, their success will be subject to all of the clinical, regulatory and commercial risks described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will ever be able to discover, develop, obtain regulatory approval of, commercialize or generate significant revenue from any additional product candidates beyond FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa. 
 FYARRO or any other product candidates we may develop in the future may not achieve adequate market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success, which would limit the revenue that we generate from our sales. 
 Even though FYARRO has been approved for advanced malignant PEComa, and even if any other product candidates that we may develop in the future receive regulatory approval, such approved product candidates may not gain adequate market acceptance among physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of any of our approved product candidates will depend on a number of factors, including, among others: 
 the efficacy and safety profile as demonstrated in clinical trials compared to alternative treatments; 
 the timing of market introduction of the product candidate as well as competitive products; 
 the clinical indications for which a product candidate is approved; 
 restrictions on the use of product candidates in the labeling approved by regulatory authorities, such as boxed warnings or contraindications in labeling, or a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, if any, which may not be required of alternative treatments and competitor products; 
 the potential and perceived advantages of our product candidates over alternative treatments; 
 the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments; 
 the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement by third-party payors, including government authorities or the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party payor coverage; 
 the availability of an approved product candidate for use as a combination therapy; 
 the prevalence and severity of any adverse effects associated with any approved product candidate; 
 any restrictions on the use of our product candidates together with other medications; 
 relative convenience and ease of administration; 
 the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and undergo required diagnostic screening to determine treatment eligibility and of physicians to prescribe these therapies and diagnostic tests; 
 the effectiveness of sales and marketing efforts; 
 unfavorable publicity relating to our product candidates; and 
 the approval of other new therapies for the same indications. 
 Even though FYARRO is approved for advanced malignant PEComa, it may never achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, hospitals, healthcare payors and patients, and we may not generate or derive sufficient revenue from that product and our financial results could be negatively impacted. Before granting reimbursement approval, healthcare payors may require us to demonstrate that FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, in addition to treating target indications, also provide incremental health benefits to patients. Our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors about the benefits of FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future may require significant resources and may never be successful. 
 The market opportunities for FYARRO and any other product candidates we may develop in the future, if approved, may be limited to certain smaller patient subsets. 
 Cancer therapies are sometimes characterized by line of therapy (first-line, second-line, third-line, etc.) and the FDA often approves new therapies initially only for a particular line or lines of use. When cancer is detected early enough, first-line therapy, such as chemotherapy, hormone therapy, surgery, radiation therapy or a combination of these, is sometimes adequate to cure the cancer or prolong life without a cure. FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa has been approved as a first-line therapy. Second line therapies often consist of more chemotherapy, radiation, antibody drugs, tumor-targeted small molecules, or a combination of these. Third line therapies can include chemotherapy, antibody drugs and small molecule tumor-targeted therapies, more invasive forms of surgery and new technologies. Our completed clinical trials for 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 FYARRO are with patients who may have received one or more prior treatments. There is no guarantee that product candidates that we develop, even if approved, would be approved for first-line or second-line therapy and, prior to any such approvals, we may have to conduct additional clinical trials that may be costly, time-consuming and subject to risk. 
 The number of patients who have the cancers we are targeting may turn out to be lower than expected. Our projections of addressable patient populations that may benefit from treatment with our product or any future product candidates are based on our estimates, which may prove to be incorrect. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for FYARRO and any future product candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with such product. Regulatory approval may limit the market of a product candidate to target patient populations when such biomarker-driven identification and/or highly specific criteria related to the stage of disease progression are utilized. If any of our estimates prove to be inaccurate, the market opportunity for any product candidate that we develop could be significantly diminished and have an adverse material impact on our business. 
 Even if we obtain significant market share for FYARRO or any future approved product, if the potential target populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining regulatory approval for additional indications. 
 FYARRO, or any product candidates we develop in the future for which we may obtain regulatory approval, may become subject to unfavorable third-party coverage and reimbursement practices, as well as pricing regulations. 
 The availability and extent of coverage and adequate reimbursement by third-party payors, including government health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers, managed care organizations and other third-party payors is essential for most patients to be able to afford expensive treatments. Sales of FYARRO or any other product candidate we may develop in the future that receives regulatory approval will depend substantially, both in the United States and internationally, on the extent to which the costs of such product candidate will be covered and reimbursed by third-party payors. If reimbursement is not available, or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be high enough to allow us to establish or maintain pricing sufficient to realize an adequate return on our investment. Coverage and reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, FYARRO or any other product candidate that we may develop in the future for which we obtain regulatory approval. If coverage and reimbursement are not available or reimbursement is available only to limited levels, we may not successfully commercialize FYARRO or any other product candidate that we may develop in the future for which we obtain regulatory approval. 
 There is significant uncertainty related to third-party payor coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products, which would include FYARRO and any other product candidate we may develop in the future for which we may obtain regulatory approval. Market acceptance and sales of FYARRO or any other product candidates we may develop in the future for which we obtain regulatory approval will depend on reimbursement policies and may be affected by healthcare reform measures. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid in the United States, and commercial payors are critical to new product acceptance. Third-party payors decide which drugs they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. In the United States, for example, principal decisions about reimbursement for new products are typically made by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ), an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS ). CMS decides whether and to what extent a new product will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare, and private third-party payors often follow CMS s decisions regarding coverage and reimbursement to a substantial degree. However, one third-party payor s determination to provide coverage for a product candidate does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product candidate. As a result, the coverage determination process is often time-consuming and costly. Factors that payors consider in determining reimbursement are based on whether the product is: (i) a covered benefit under the health plan; (ii) safe, effective and medically necessary; (iii) appropriate for the specific patient; (iv) cost-effective; and (v) neither experimental nor investigational. This process will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each third-party payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. 
 Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. Further, such payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost effectiveness of medical product candidates. There may be especially significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific product candidates on an approved list, known as a formulary, which might not include all FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. In addition, many pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as average sales price and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. Further, these prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs. We may need to conduct expensive 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 pharmaco-economic studies to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost effectiveness of our products. As a result, FYARRO or any other product candidate we may develop in the future may not be considered medically necessary or cost effective. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for FYARRO in additional indications, if approved, or any other product that we may commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement will be. 
 There has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over the manner in which drug manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to prescription drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. For example, under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (the American Rescue Plan ), the statutory cap on Medicaid Drug Rebate Program rebates that manufacturers pay to state Medicaid programs was eliminated. Elimination of this cap may require pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay more in rebates than it receives on the sale of products, which could have a material impact on our business. In July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at increasing competition for prescription drugs. In August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the "Inflation Reduction Act"), which includes prescription drug provisions that have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government to negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. Various industry stakeholders, including pharmaceutical companies, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Infusion Center Association, the Global Colon Cancer Association, and the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America have initiated lawsuits against the federal government asserting that the price negotiation provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act are unconstitutional. The impact of these judicial challenges as well as future legislative, executive, and administrative actions and agency rules implemented by the Biden administration on us and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole is unclear. A number of states are considering or have recently enacted state drug price transparency and reporting laws that could substantially increase our compliance burdens and expose us to greater liability under such laws now that we have begun commercialization for FYARRO or, after obtaining regulatory approval, any of our other product candidates that we may develop in the future. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future if approved. Complying with any new legislation and regulatory changes could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Outside the United States, the commercialization of therapeutics is generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other market regulations, and we believe the increasing emphasis on cost containment initiatives in Europe, Canada and other countries has and will continue to put pressure on the pricing and usage of therapeutics such as FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, if approved. In many countries, particularly the countries of the European Union, medical product prices are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after a product receives regulatory approval. To obtain favorable reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of FYARRO or any other product candidate that we may develop in the future if approved to other available therapies. In general, product prices under such systems are substantially lower than in the United States. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for products but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future if approved. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the reimbursement for FYARRO or any other products that we may develop in the future and receive regulatory approval for may be unavailable or reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable revenue and profits. If reimbursement is conditioned upon our completion of additional clinical trials, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our operating results could be materially adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to establish or sustain coverage and adequate reimbursement for FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, if approved, from third-party payors, the adoption of FYARRO or those other products if approved, the prices of FYARRO or those other products, if approved, and sales revenue from FYARRO or those other products if approved will be adversely affected, which, in turn, could adversely affect the ability to market or sell FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, if approved. Moreover, coverage policies and third-party payor reimbursement rates, including those of government payors, may change at any time and it is unclear what effect legislative, executive, and administrative actions and any future healthcare measures and agency rules will have 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 on the number of covered individuals. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for FYARRO or one or more product candidates that we may develop in the future for which we receive regulatory approval, it is possible that less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 We may not be able to obtain FDA approval of any future NDA for FYARRO or any other product candidates we may develop in the future. 
 The clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, promotion, export, import, marketing and distribution and other possible activities relating to FYARRO and any other product candidate that we may develop in the future are subject to extensive regulation in the United States. Prior to the approval of our NDA for FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa, we had not submitted an application for approval or obtained FDA approval for any product. 
 Approval of an NDA is not guaranteed. The approval process is expensive and uncertain and may take several years. The FDA and foreign regulatory entities also have substantial discretion in the approval process. The number and types of preclinical studies and clinical trials that will be required for approval varies depending on the product candidate, the disease or the condition that the product candidate is designed to target and the regulations applicable to any particular product candidate. Data are subject to varying interpretation and the FDA may not agree that our clinical data support that any of our product candidates are safe and effective for the proposed therapeutic use. FDA s Oncology Center of Excellence initiated Project Optimus to reform the dose optimization and dose selection paradigm in oncology drug development and Project FrontRunner to help develop and implement strategies to support approvals in the early clinical setting, among other goals. How the FDA plans to implement those goals and their impact on specific clinical programs and the industry are unclear. Despite the time and expense associated with preclinical studies and clinical trials, failure can occur at any stage, and we could encounter problems that require us to repeat or perform additional preclinical studies or clinical trials or generate additional chemistry, manufacturing and controls data, including drug product stability data. The FDA and similar foreign authorities could delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate, and may ultimately approve the product for narrower indications or with unfavorable labeling that would impede our commercialization of the drug. 
 Approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and additional administrative review periods, including obtaining reimbursement and pricing approval in select markets. The time required to obtain approval in other countries might differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process in other countries may include all of the risks associated with FDA approval as well as additional, presently unanticipated, risks. Regulatory approval in one country does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may negatively impact the regulatory process in others, including the risk that our product candidates may not be approved for all indications requested and that such approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed. 
 Failure to obtain marketing approval in international jurisdictions would prevent FYARRO and any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, if approved, from being marketed abroad. 
 In order to market and sell our products in the European Union and in any other foreign jurisdictions, we must obtain separate marketing approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing. The time required to obtain approval may differ substantially from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process outside the United States generally includes all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries outside the United States, it is required that the product be approved for reimbursement before the product can be approved for sale in that country. We may not obtain approvals from regulatory authorities outside the United States on a timely basis, if at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory authority outside the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. However, failure to obtain approval in one jurisdiction may impact our ability to obtain approval elsewhere. We may not be able to file for marketing approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize FYARRO and any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, if approved, in any market. 
 A variety of risks associated with marketing FYARRO and any other product candidates we may develop in the future, if approved, internationally could affect our business. 
 We may seek regulatory approval for FYARRO and any future product candidates outside of the United States and, accordingly, we expect that we will be subject to additional risks related to operating in foreign countries if we obtain the necessary approvals, including: 
 differing regulatory requirements in foreign countries; 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 the potential for so-called parallel importing, which is what happens when a local seller, faced with high or higher local prices, opts to import goods from a foreign market with low or lower prices rather than buying them locally; 
 unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers, price and exchange controls and other regulatory requirements; 
 economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 
 compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 
 foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 
 foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 
 difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 
 potential liability under the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA or comparable foreign regulations; 
 challenges enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States; 
 production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and 
 business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism. 
 In addition, recent conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East have led to, and could continue to lead to, disruption, instability and volatility in global markets and industries that could negatively impact our operations. For example, the U.S. government and other governments in jurisdictions in which we may operate in the future have imposed severe sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests and threatened additional sanctions and controls. The impact of these measures, as well as potential responses to them by Russia, is currently unknown and they could adversely affect our business, supply chain, business partners or customers. 
 These and other risks associated with our international operations may compromise our ability to achieve or maintain profitability. 
 The preclinical studies and clinical trials for FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future may not demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities or otherwise produce positive results, which would prevent, delay, or limit the scope of development, regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 Before obtaining regulatory approval from the EMA or other foreign regulatory authorities for the sale of FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa or any additional indications that we may seek approval for, or other product candidates that we may develop in the future, we, among other requirements, may need to complete preclinical development and extensive clinical trials to demonstrate with substantial evidence the safety and efficacy of such product or other product candidates. Each product or product candidate must demonstrate an adequate risk versus benefit profile in our intended patient population and for our intended use. Drug product must also be manufactured and tested in accordance with regional regulatory requirements which may differ from region to region. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and its ultimate outcome is inherently uncertain. A failure of one or more preclinical studies or clinical trials can occur at any stage of the process. The outcome of preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials. In addition, initial success in clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained when such trials are completed. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies in the biopharmaceutical industry that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain regulatory approval of their products. Our current or future clinical trials may not ultimately be successful or support further clinical development of FYARRO or any other product candidates we may develop in the future. 
 We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive regulatory approval or our ability to commercialize FYARRO for additional indications or for any other product candidates we may develop in the future, including: 
 receipt of feedback from regulatory authorities that require us to modify the design of our clinical trials; 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 negative or inconclusive clinical trial results that may require us to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon certain drug development programs; 
 the number of patients required for clinical trials being larger than anticipated, enrollment in these clinical trials being slower than anticipated or participants dropping out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than anticipated; 
 clinical trial sites or our CRO failing to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all; 
 the suspension or termination of our clinical trials for various reasons, including non-compliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that our product candidates have undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics; 
 the cost of clinical trials of our product candidates being greater than anticipated; 
 the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates being insufficient or inadequate; and 
 delays due to health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, including starting any clinical trials for other indications or programs. 
 For example, we initiated our PRECISION1 Phase 2 study of FYARRO in malignant solid tumors harboring TSC1 and TSC2 inactivating alterations based on exploratory data from our completed Phase 2 registrational study, Advanced Malignant PEComa Trial AMPECT trial ), and data for FYARRO in other solid tumors with TSC1 and TSC2 inactivating alterations. In August 2024, we had to halt, and subsequently wind-down, the PRECISION1 trial based on interim data and the related analysis by the Independent Data Monitoring Committee, which determined that the study was unlikely to exceed an efficacy threshold necessary to support an accelerated approval, the key goal of the study . Product candidates in later-stage clinical trials may fail to demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA, and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities despite having progressed through preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials. Additionally, while we are aware of several other approved and clinical-stage mTOR inhibitors being developed by multiple other companies, to our knowledge, there are no mTOR inhibitors approved specifically for the treatment of advanced malignant PEComa other than FYARRO. As such, the development of FYARRO and our stock price may be impacted by inferences, whether correct or not, that are drawn between the success of our product and those of other companies mTOR inhibitors. Regulatory authorities may also limit the scope of later-stage trials until we have demonstrated satisfactory safety and efficacy results, which could delay regulatory approval, limit the size of the patient population to which we may market our product candidates, or prevent regulatory approval. 
 In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety and efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial protocols, differences in size and type of the patient populations, differences in and adherence to the dose and dosing regimen and other trial protocols and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. Patients treated with our products in clinical trials may have received surgical, radiation and chemotherapy treatments and/or may be using other approved products or investigational new drugs, which can cause side effects or adverse events that are unrelated to our products. As a result, assessments of efficacy can vary widely for a particular patient, and from patient to patient and site to site within a clinical trial. This subjectivity can increase the uncertainty of, and adversely impact, our clinical trial outcomes. 
 We do not know whether any clinical trials we may conduct will demonstrate consistent or adequate efficacy and safety sufficient to obtain approval to market FYARRO for additional indications or for any other product candidates we may develop in the future. If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of FYARRO in additional indications or any future product candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of FYARRO in additional indications or any future product candidates or other testing in a timely manner, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if there are safety concerns, we may (i) incur unplanned costs, (ii) be delayed in seeking and obtaining regulatory approval for respective indications, if we receive such approval at all, (iii) receive more limited or restrictive regulatory approval for respective indications, (iv) be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements or (v) have the drug removed from the market after obtaining regulatory approval. Even if regulatory approval is secured for any of our product candidates, the terms of such approval may limit the scope and use FYARRO in additional indications or any future product candidates, which may also limit their commercial potential. 
 FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future may cause significant adverse events, toxicities or other undesirable side effects when used alone or in combination with other approved products or investigational new drugs that could delay or prevent regulatory approval, prevent market acceptance, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 If FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future is associated with serious adverse events or other undesirable side effects or have unexpected characteristics in preclinical studies or clinical trials when used alone or in combination with other approved products or investigational new drugs, we may need to conduct additional studies to further evaluate their safety, interrupt, delay or abandon their development or halt clinical trials or limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. Treatment-related side effects could also affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial or result in a more restrictive label, delay or denial of regulatory approval or potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of FYARRO or any affected future product candidate, could substantially increase the costs of commercializing our product(s), including FYARRO, and significantly impact our ability to successfully commercialize FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, if approved, and generate revenues, and may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. For example, in our AMPECT trial of FYARRO, most treatment-related adverse events were mild or moderate, with the most commonly reported adverse events being anemia, edema, infections, mucositis, pain, nail changes, vomiting, thrombocytopenia, hypertension and nausea. Treatment-related adverse events in our other trials of FYARRO included thrombocytopenia, diarrhea, fatigue, mucosal inflammation, nausea, anemia, and rash. Additionally, in our first- in-human study of FYARRO in solid tumors, one patient died of dyspnea which was deemed possibly related to FYARRO. 
 Patients in our completed and future clinical trials may in the future suffer other significant adverse events or other side effects not observed or anticipated based on our preclinical studies or previous clinical trials. FYARRO or any future product candidates may be used in populations for which safety concerns may be particularly scrutinized by regulatory agencies. In addition, FYARRO is being studied in combination with other therapies, which may exacerbate adverse events associated with the therapy. Patients treated with FYARRO or our other product candidates that we may develop in the future may also be undergoing surgical, radiation and/or chemotherapy treatments, which can cause side effects or adverse events that are unrelated to FYARRO or any future product candidates but may still impact the success of our clinical trials. The inclusion of critically ill patients in our clinical trials may result in deaths or other adverse medical events due to other therapies or medications that such patients may be using or due to the gravity of such patients illnesses. For example, it is expected that some of the patients enrolled in our FYARRO clinical trials will die or experience major adverse clinical events either during the course of our clinical trials or after such trials, which has occurred in the past. 
 If further significant adverse events or other side effects are observed in any of our current or future clinical trials, we may have difficulty recruiting patients to the clinical trials, patients may drop out of our trials, or we may be required to abandon the trials or our development efforts of that product candidate altogether. We, the FDA, EMA, other comparable regulatory authorities or an institutional review board may suspend or terminate clinical research at any time for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or adverse side effects. Some potential therapeutics developed in the biotechnology industry that initially showed therapeutic promise in early-stage trials have later been found to cause side effects that prevented their further development. 
 Even if the side effects do not preclude the product candidate from obtaining or maintaining regulatory approval, undesirable side effects may inhibit market acceptance due to its tolerability versus other therapies. Any of these developments could materially harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 Further, for FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa, or if FYARRO receives regulatory approval for any other indication, or if any other product candidate that we may develop in the future, if any, obtains regulatory approval, toxicities associated with such product candidates and not seen during clinical testing may also develop after such approval and lead to a requirement to (i) conduct additional clinical safety trials, (ii) add additional contraindications, warnings and precautions to the drug label, (iii) significantly restrict the use of the product, (iv) change the way the product is distributed or administered, (v) implement a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients, or (vi) suspend or withdraw the product from the market. We cannot predict whether FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future will cause toxicities in humans that would preclude or lead to the revocation of regulatory approval based on preclinical studies or early-stage clinical trials. 
 Results from early preclinical studies and clinical trials of FYARRO or other product candidates that we may develop in the future are not necessarily predictive of the results of later preclinical studies and clinical trials of FYARRO or such other product candidates. If we cannot replicate the results from our earlier preclinical studies and clinical trials in our later preclinical studies and clinical trials, we may be unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize FYARRO in additional indications or any future product candidates. 
 Any results from early preclinical studies and clinical trials of FYARRO or other product candidates that we may develop in the future may not necessarily be predictive of the results from later preclinical studies and clinical trials. Similarly, even 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 if we are able to complete preclinical studies and clinical trials according to our current development timeline, the results from such preclinical studies and clinical trials may not be replicated in subsequent preclinical studies or clinical trial results. 
 Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results in early-stage development and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. These setbacks have been caused by, among other things, preclinical and other nonclinical findings made while clinical trials were underway, or safety or efficacy observations made in preclinical studies and clinical trials, including previously unreported adverse events. Moreover, preclinical, nonclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses and many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA or EMA approval. 
 We are subject to risks relating to open-label clinical trials. 
 Some of our future clinical trials may utilize an open-label study design and may be conducted at a limited number of clinical sites on a limited number of patients. An open-label clinical trial is one where both the patient and investigator know whether the patient is receiving the investigational product candidate or either an existing approved drug or placebo. Most typically, open-label clinical trials test only the investigational product candidate and sometimes may do so at different dose levels. Open-label clinical trials are subject to various limitations that may exaggerate any therapeutic effect as patients in open-label clinical trials are aware when they are receiving treatment. Open-label clinical trials may be subject to biases, including a patient bias where patients perceive their symptoms to have improved merely due to their awareness of receiving an experimental treatment. In addition, open-label clinical trials may be subject to an investigator bias where those assessing and reviewing the physiological outcomes of the clinical trials are aware of which patients have received treatment and may interpret the information of the treated group more favorably given this knowledge. The results from an open- label trial may not be predictive of future clinical trial results with FYARRO or any future product candidates when studied in a controlled environment with a placebo or active control. 
 Interim, topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available or as additional analyses are conducted and are subject to audit, independent radiographic or clinical review, and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary, interim or topline data from our clinical trials. Preliminary data is based on a preliminary analysis of then available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. For example, we may report tumor responses in certain patients that are unconfirmed at the time and which do not ultimately result in confirmed responses to treatment after follow-up evaluations. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the topline results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline data also remain subject to audit, independent radiographic or clinical review, and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. In addition, we may report interim analyses of only certain endpoints rather than all endpoints. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse changes between interim data and final data could significantly harm our business and prospects. Further, additional disclosure of interim data by us or by our competitors in the future could result in volatility in the price of our common stock. 
 In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular clinical trial is typically selected from a more extensive amount of available information. You or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular product candidate or our business. If the preliminary or topline data that we report differ from late, final or actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, FYARRO in other indications or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future may be harmed, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Adverse results of clinical trials conducted by third parties investigating the same product candidates as us in different territories could adversely affect our development of such product candidate. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Lack of efficacy, adverse events, undesirable side effects or other adverse results may emerge in clinical trials conducted by third parties investigating our approved product or the same product candidates as us in different territories for the same or different indications. For example, we may in the future enter into collaborations for the development and commercialization of FYARRO in certain foreign jurisdictions. As part of these collaborations, we may grant such collaboration partners with the right to develop and commercialize the same compounds licensed to us, including FYARRO, in such foreign jurisdictions. As a result, we may not have control over clinical trials or development programs of such third parties that we may collaborate with in the future, and any adverse findings or unexpected side effects from such third party s conduct of clinical trials could adversely affect our development and commercialization of FYARRO or the viability of FYARRO as a product candidate. We may be required to report these adverse events or unexpected side effects to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, which could, among other things, order us to cease commercial sales or further development of FYARRO. 
 If we experience delays or difficulties in the enrollment and/or maintenance of patients in clinical trials, our regulatory submissions or receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented. 
 We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials for FYARRO or any future product candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these trials to such trial s conclusion as required by the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Orphan indications, in particular, have small populations, and it may be difficult for us to locate and enroll sufficient patients in trials for orphan-designated indications. Patient enrollment is a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials. Our ability to identify and enroll eligible patients for clinical trials may be limited or may result in slower enrollment than we anticipate. In particular, because we are focused on patients with specific genetic alterations for certain of our development programs, our ability to enroll eligible patients may be limited or may result in slower enrollment than anticipated. We may also engage third parties to develop companion diagnostics for use in our clinical trials, but such third parties may not be successful in developing such companion diagnostics, furthering the difficulty in identifying patients with the targeted genetic alterations for our clinical trials. If our strategies for patient identification prove unsuccessful, we may have difficulty enrolling or maintaining patients appropriate for FYARRO. 
 Patient enrollment may be affected if our competitors have ongoing clinical trials for product candidates that are under development for the same indications as FYARRO or any future product candidates, and patients who would otherwise be eligible for our clinical trials instead enroll in clinical trials of our competitors product candidates. 
 Also, marketing authorization of competitors in this same class of drugs may impair our ability to enroll patients into our clinical trials, delaying or potentially preventing us from completing recruitment for one or more of our trials. Patient enrollment and retention for clinical trials may be affected by other factors, including: 
 size and nature of the patient population; 
 severity of the disease under investigation; 
 availability and efficacy of approved drugs for the disease under investigation; 
 patient eligibility criteria for the trial in question as defined in the protocol or as mandated by regulatory agencies; 
 perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study; 
 clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages and side effects of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies and product candidates, including any new products that may be approved or other product candidates being investigated for the indications we are investigating; 
 the ability to recruit clinical study investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 
 clinicians willingness to screen their patients for biomarkers to indicate which patients may be eligible for enrollment in our clinical trials; 
 patient referral practices of physicians; 
 the ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; 
 the ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; 
 proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients; and 
 factors we may not be able to control, such as current or potential pandemics that may limit patients, principal investigators or staff or clinical site availability (e.g., the COVID-19 pandemic). 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Our inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials could result in significant delays or may require us to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. Furthermore, any negative results we may report in clinical trials of FYARRO or any future product candidates may make it difficult or impossible to recruit and retain patients in other clinical trials we are conducting. Similarly, negative results reported by our competitors about their drug candidates may negatively affect patient recruitment in our clinical trials. Enrollment delays in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for FYARRO and any other product candidates that we may develop in the future and jeopardize our ability to obtain regulatory approval for the sale of FYARRO in additional indications or any future product candidates. Furthermore, even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials, there is a risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion or, because they may be late-stage cancer patients, may not survive the full terms of the clinical trials. As a result, we may have difficulty maintaining participation in our clinical trials through the treatment and any follow-up periods. In addition, we rely on clinical trial sites to ensure timely conduct of our clinical trials and, while we have entered into agreements governing their services, we are limited in our ability to compel their actual performance. 
 We may develop product candidates in combination with other therapies, which exposes us to additional risks. 
 We may develop product candidates, in combination with one or more currently approved or unapproved therapies to treat cancer or other diseases. Patients may not be able to tolerate product candidates in combination with other therapies or dosing of product candidates in combination with other therapies may have unexpected consequences. Even if any of our product candidates that we develop in the future were to receive regulatory approval or be commercialized for use in combination with other existing therapies, we would continue to be subject to the risks that the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities could revoke approval of the therapy used in combination with such products, or safety, efficacy, manufacturing or supply issues could arise with these e xisting therapies. In addition, it is possible that existing therapies with which product candidates are approved for use could themselves fall out of favor or be relegated to later lines of treatment. This could result in the need to identify other combination therapies for product candidates, the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions requiring additional clinical trials, or our own products being removed from the market or being less successful commercially. 
 We may also evaluate product candidates in combination with one or more other therapies that have not yet been approved for marketing by the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. We will not be able to market and sell product candidate in combination with any such unapproved therapies that do not ultimately obtain regulatory approval. 
 If the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities do not approve or revoke their approval of these other therapies, or if safety, efficacy, commercial adoption, manufacturing or supply issues arise with the therapies we choose to evaluate in combination with product candidate, we may be unable to obtain approval of or successfully market product candidates we develop. These unapproved therapies face the same risks described with respect to product candidates currently in development, including serious adverse effects and delays in their clinical trials. In addition, other companies may also develop their products or product candidates in combination with the unapproved therapies with which we are developing product candidates for use in combination. Any setbacks in these companies clinical trials, including the emergence of serious adverse effects, may delay or prevent the development and approval of product candidates that we may develop in the future. 
 Additionally, if the third-party providers of therapies or therapies in development used in combination with product candidates are unable to produce sufficient quantities for clinical trials or for commercialization of product candidates, if approved, or if the cost of combination therapies are prohibitive, our development and commercialization efforts would be impaired, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 We face significant competition, and if our competitors develop and market technologies or products more rapidly than we do or achieve regulatory approval before we do or that are more effective, safer or less expensive than the products we develop, our commercial opportunities will be negatively impacted. 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary and novel products and product candidates. Our competitors have developed, are developing or may develop products, product candidates and processes competitive with FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa or for any additional indications we may seek approval for, and for any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, if approved. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. We believe that a significant number of products are currently under development, and may become commercially available in the future, for the treatment of conditions for which we may attempt to develop FYARRO or any future product candidates. In addition, FYARRO or any future product candidates may need to compete with drugs that physicians currently use to treat the indications for which we seek approval. This may make it difficult for us to replace existing therapies with our products. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 In particular, there is intense competition in the field of oncology. We have competitors both in the United States and internationally, including major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, emerging and start-up companies, government agencies, universities and other research institutions. We also compete with these organizations to recruit and retain management, scientists and clinical development personnel, which could negatively affect our level of expertise and our ability to execute our business plan. We will also face competition in establishing clinical trial sites, enrolling subjects for clinical trials and in identifying and in-licensing new product candidates. 
 Other than FYARRO, we are not aware of any FDA or EMA approved products indicated specifically for the treatment of advanced malignant PEComa. Patients with malignant PEComa commonly receive chemotherapy regimens and currently mTOR inhibitors including sirolimus, everolimus, and temsirolimus are recommended in the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (the NCCN guidelines for treatment of malignant PEComa based on published retrospective data. Following FDA approval, FYARRO was added to the NCCN guidelines as the only preferred regimen for treatment of malignant PEComa. 
 Any potential competitors may have significantly greater financial, manufacturing, marketing, drug development, technical and human resources, and commercial expertise than us. Large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, in particular, have extensive experience in clinical testing, obtaining regulatory approvals, recruiting patients and manufacturing biotechnology products. These companies also have significantly greater research and marketing capabilities than we do and may also have products that have been approved or are in late stages of development, and collaborative arrangements in our target markets with leading companies and research institutions. Established pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies may also invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel compounds or to in-license novel compounds that could make the product candidates that we develop obsolete. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. As a result of all of these factors, our competitors may succeed in obtaining approval from the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities or in discovering, developing and commercializing products in the field before us. 
 Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient, have a broader label, are marketed more effectively, are more widely reimbursed or are less expensive than any products that we may develop and commercialize. Our competitors also may obtain regulatory approval from the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for our products, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. Our approved product, or product candidates we may develop in the future which achieve regulatory approval, may be priced at a significant premium over competitive products if any have been approved by then, resulting in reduced competitiveness. Technological advances or products developed by our competitors may render our technologies or product candidates obsolete, less competitive or not economical. If we are unable to compete effectively, our opportunity to generate revenue from the sale of FYARRO or any product candidates we may develop in the future, if approved, could be adversely affected. 
 Changes in methods of product candidate manufacturing or formulation may result in additional costs or delay. 
 As product candidates progress through preclinical studies and clinical trials to regulatory approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods and formulation, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize yield and manufacturing batch size, minimize costs and achieve consistent quality and results. For example, we may introduce alternative formulations or dosage forms of FYARRO in additional clinical trials for other indications. Such material changes will require regulatory approval before implementation and carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes could cause FYARRO and any other product candidate that we may develop in the future to perform differently and affect the results of clinical trials or other future clinical trials conducted with the altered materials. This could delay completion of clinical trials, require the conduct of bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay approval of our product candidates and jeopardize our ability to commercialize FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, if approved, and generate revenue. 
 We may not be successful in growing our product pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 We believe that accessing external innovation and expertise is important to our success; and while we plan to leverage our leadership team s prior business development experience as we evaluate potential in-licensing and acquisition opportunities to further expand our portfolio, we may not be able to identify suitable licensing or acquisition opportunities, and even if 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 we do, we may not be able to successfully secure such licensing and acquisition opportunities. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and several more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We may also be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment, or at all. If we are unable to successfully license or acquire additional product candidates to expand our portfolio, our pipeline, competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may be materially harmed. 
 Our business entails a significant risk of product liability and if we are unable to obtain sufficient insurance coverage such inability could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Our business exposes us to significant product liability risks inherent in the development, testing, manufacturing and marketing of therapeutic treatments. Product liability claims might be brought against us by patients, healthcare providers, or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future. For example, we may be sued if FYARRO or any other product we develop allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability, and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we become subject to product liability claims and cannot successfully defend against them, we could incur substantial liabilities. Product liability claims could delay or prevent completion of our development programs. If we succeed in marketing products, such claims could result in an FDA, EMA or other regulatory authority investigation of the safety and effectiveness of our products, our (or third-party) manufacturing processes and facilities or our marketing programs. FDA, EMA or other regulatory authority investigations could potentially lead to a recall of our products or more serious enforcement action, limitations on the approved indications for which they may be used or suspension or withdrawal of approvals. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may also result in decreased demand for our products, injury to our reputation, costs to defend the related litigation, a diversion of management s time and our resources and substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients. Although we have obtained product liability insurance coverage, our insurance coverage may not provide sufficient coverage against potential liabilities. Furthermore, clinical trial and product liability insurance is becoming increasingly expensive. As a result, we may be unable to obtain or maintain sufficient insurance at a reasonable cost to protect us against losses caused by product liability claims that could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. The cost of any product liability litigation or other proceedings, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial, particularly in light of the size of our business and financial resources. A product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could also cause our stock price to decline. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Approval and Other Legal Compliance Matters 
 If the FDA does not conclude that a product candidate and/or new indications satisfy the requirements under the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, or if the requirements for such product candidate and/or new indications under Section 505(b)(2) are not as we expect, the approval pathway for such product candidates and/or new indications may take longer, cost more or entail greater complications and risks than anticipated, which may delay or prevent the approval of a product candidate and/or new indications for commercial use. 
 We submitted a Section 505(b)(2) NDA to the FDA in May 2021 for FYARRO for the treatment of advanced malignant PEComa, and the FDA approved the NDA on November 22, 2021. We may not be successful in obtaining FDA approval under 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for other indications or product candidates that we may develop. 
 Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA was enacted as part of the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (the Hatch-Waxman Amendments and permits the submission of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from preclinical studies or clinical trials not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. The FDA interprets Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA to permit the applicant to rely upon the FDA s previous findings of safety and efficacy for an approved product. The FDA requires submission of information needed to support any changes to a previously approved drug, such as published data or new studies conducted by the applicant or clinical trials demonstrating safety and efficacy. The FDA is not required to meet the PDUFA goal date, and the FDA could require additional information to sufficiently demonstrate safety and efficacy to support approval. Moreover, even if any new indication or product candidate is approved under the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which we may be marketed or to other conditions of approval, or may contain requirements for costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 We may be unable to obtain United States approval for FYARRO for additional indications or other product candidates that we may develop in the future or foreign regulatory approval for FYARRO or other product candidates that we may develop in the future and, as a result, may be unable to commercialize FYARRO in additional indications or any future product candidates and in such event our business will be substantially harmed. 
 FYARRO and the other product candidates that we may develop in the future are and will continue to be subject to extensive governmental regulations relating to, among other things, research, testing, development, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, approval, recordkeeping, reporting, labeling, storage, packaging, advertising and promotion, pricing, marketing and distribution of drugs. Rigorous preclinical testing and clinical trials and an extensive regulatory approval process must be successfully completed in the United States and in many foreign jurisdictions before a new drug can be approved for marketing. Satisfaction of these and other regulatory requirements is costly, time consuming, uncertain and subject to unanticipated delays. we cannot provide any assurance that any product candidate we may develop will progress through required clinical testing and obtain the regulatory approvals necessary for us to begin selling them. 
 The time required to obtain approvals from the FDA and other regulatory authorities is unpredictable and requires successful completion of extensive clinical trials which typically takes many years, depending upon numerous factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate. The standards that the FDA and our foreign counterparts use when evaluating clinical trial data can, and often does, change during drug development, which makes it difficult to predict with any certainty how they will be applied. We may also encounter unexpected delays or increased costs due to new government regulations, including future legislation or administrative action, or changes in FDA policy during the period of drug development, clinical trials and FDA regulatory review. Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. It is possible that none of our existing product candidates or any product candidates we may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies, such as previous delays or disruptions due to the COVID-19 pandemic, travel restrictions, and staffing shortages, may also slow the time necessary for new product candidates to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, after foreign and domestic inspections of facilities were largely placed on hold, the FDA has been working to resume routine surveillance, bioresearch monitoring and pre-approval inspections on a prioritized basis. In 2020 and 2021, a number of companies announced receipt of complete response letters due to the FDA s inability to complete required inspections for their applications. While the FDA has largely caught up with domestic preapproval inspections, it continues to work through its backlog of foreign inspections. However, the FDA may not be able to continue its current pace and approval timelines could be extended, including where a pre-approval inspection or an inspection of clinical sites is required. 
 Any delay or failure in seeking or obtaining required approvals would have a material and adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue from any particular product candidates we are developing and for which we are seeking approval. Furthermore, any regulatory approval to market a drug may be subject to significant limitations on the approved uses or indications for which we may market, promote and advertise the drug or the labeling or other restrictions. In addition, the FDA has the authority to require a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS plan as part of approving an NDA, or after approval, which may impose further requirements or restrictions on the distribution or use of an approved drug. These requirements or restrictions might include limiting prescribing to certain physicians or medical centers that have undergone specialized training, limiting treatment to patients who meet certain safe-use criteria and requiring treated patients to enroll in a registry. These limitations and restrictions may significantly limit the size of the market for the drug and affect reimbursement by third-party payors. 
 We are also subject to numerous foreign regulatory requirements governing, among other things, the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing and marketing authorization, pricing and third-party reimbursement. The foreign regulatory approval process varies among countries, and generally includes all of the risks associated with FDA approval described above as well as risks attributable to the satisfaction of local regulations in foreign jurisdictions. Moreover, the time required to obtain approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. 
 The regulatory approval processes of the FDA, EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for FYARRO for additional indications or other product candidates that we may develop, we will be unable to generate product revenue, and our business will be substantially harmed. 
 Obtaining approval by the FDA, EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities is unpredictable, typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. In addition, approval policies, regulations or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 development and may vary among jurisdictions, which may cause delays in the approval or the decision not to approve an application. Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. Even though FYARRO has been approved by the FDA for the treatment of advanced malignant PEComa, and even if we eventually complete clinical testing and receive approval for FYARRO in additional indications or for any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, the FDA, EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may approve our product candidates for a more limited indication or a narrower patient population than we originally requested or may impose other prescribing limitations or warnings that limit the product s commercial potential. Other than FYARRO, we have not obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate, and it is possible that none of our additional product candidates will ever obtain regulatory approval. 
 Further, regulatory approval may be delayed for reasons beyond our control. For example, a United States federal government shutdown or budget sequestration, such as ones that occurred during 2013, 2018 and 2019, or the diversion of resources to handle the COVID-19 public health emergency and pandemic may result in significant reductions to the FDA s budget, employees and operations, which may lead to slower response times and longer review periods, potentially affecting our ability to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. In addition, the impact of COVID-19 may cause the FDA to allocate additional resources to product candidates focused on treating related illnesses, which could lead to longer approval processes for our product candidates. Finally, our competitors may file citizens petitions with the FDA in an attempt to persuade the FDA that our product candidates, or the clinical trials that support their approval, contain deficiencies. Such actions by our competitors could delay or even prevent the FDA from approving any of our NDAs. 
 Applications for any future product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 
 the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design, implementation or results of our clinical trials; 
 the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may determine that our product candidates are not safe or effective, are only moderately effective or have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that preclude us from obtaining regulatory approval or prevent or limit commercial use; 
 the population studied in the clinical trial may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure efficacy and safety in the full population for which we seek approval; 
 the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 we may be unable to demonstrate to the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our product candidate s risk-benefit ratio for our proposed indication is acceptable; 
 the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may find deficiencies with or fail to approve the manufacturing processes, test procedures and specifications or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; 
 the FDA, EMA or other comparable regulatory authorities may fail to approve companion diagnostic tests for our product candidates, if required; and 
 the approval policies or regulations of the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 
 This lengthy approval process, as well as the unpredictability of the results of clinical trials, may result in us failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 The FDA, EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from trials conducted in locations outside of their jurisdiction. 
 Our clinical trials have been and may in the future be undertaken in the United States. We may choose to conduct additional clinical trials internationally as well. The acceptance of study data by the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authority from clinical trials conducted outside of their respective jurisdictions may be subject to certain conditions. In cases where data from United States clinical trials are intended to serve as the basis for regulatory approval in foreign countries outside the United States, the standards for clinical trials and approval may be different. There can be no assurance that any United States or foreign regulatory authority would accept data from trials conducted outside of its applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA, EMA or any applicable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which would be costly and time-consuming and delay aspects of our business plan, 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 and which may result in our product candidates not receiving approval or clearance for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction. 
 We are subject to risks relating to regulatory uncertainty in foreign jurisdictions. 
 Brexit and uncertainty in the regulatory framework as well as future legislation in the United Kingdom, European Union, and other jurisdictions can lead to disruption in the execution of international multi-center clinical trials, the monitoring of adverse events through pharmacovigilance programs, the evaluation of the benefit-risk profiles of new medicinal products, and determination of marketing authorization across different jurisdictions. Uncertainty in the regulatory framework could also result in disruption to the supply and distribution as well as the import/export both of active pharmaceutical ingredients and finished product. Such a disruption could create supply difficulties for future clinical trials. The cumulative effects of the disruption to the regulatory framework, uncertainty in future regulation, and changes to existing regulations may increase our development lead time to marketing authorization and commercialization of products in the European Union and/or the United Kingdom and increase our costs. We cannot predict the impact of such changes and future regulation on our business or the results of our operations. 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction. For example, even if the FDA or EMA grants regulatory approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion and reimbursement of the product candidate in those countries. However, a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. The regulatory approval processes in other countries may implicate all of the risks detailed above regarding FDA approval in the United States, as well as other risks. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. 
 Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and establishing and maintaining compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we or any future collaborator fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets or fail to receive applicable regulatory approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of a product candidate will be harmed. 
 Following Brexit, to the extent we conduct any operations in the United Kingdom, we will be subject to applicable regulatory requirements in the United Kingdom. Although the United Kingdom is no longer a member of the European Union, European Union law remains applicable in Northern Ireland, as set forth in the Protocol on Ireland and Northern Ireland and as amended by the Windsor Framework, which will be implemented in Northern Ireland on January 1, 2025. There are a number of new marketing authorization routes available in the United Kingdom, Great Britain (England, Scotland and Wales) or Northern Ireland, in addition to the national procedure. As with the European Union position, a company can only start to market a medicine in the United Kingdom once it has received a marketing authorization. The main legislation that applies to clinical trials in the United Kingdom is the UK Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004, which transposes the Clinical Trials Directive into domestic law. Consequently, the requirements and obligations that relate to the conduct of clinical trials in the United Kingdom currently remain largely aligned with the European Union position. It is unclear how future regulatory regime in the United Kingdom will impact regulations of products, manufacturers, and approval of product candidates in the United Kingdom. In the immediately foreseeable future, the United Kingdom regulatory approval process is likely to remain similar to that applicable in the European Union, albeit that the processes for applications will be separate. Longer term, the United Kingdom is likely to develop its own legislation that diverges from that in the European Union. 
 FYARRO is, and any other product candidate we may develop in the future for which we obtain marketing approval for could be, subject to post-marketing restrictions or recall or withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties if we or our collaborators fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we or our collaborators experience unanticipated problems with FYARRO, or any other product candidate we may develop in the future when and if any of them are approved. 
 FYARRO is, and any other product candidate we may develop in the future for which we obtain marketing approval could be, subject to a comprehensive regulatory scheme, which includes the regulation of manufacturing processes, post-approval 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 clinical data, labeling, advertising, marketing, distribution and promotional activities for such product, by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. The FDA has significant post-marketing authority, including, for example, the authority to require labeling changes based on new safety information and to require post-marketing studies or clinical trials to evaluate serious safety risks related to the use of a drug. For example, the FDA may require the submission of a REMS in order to approve our product candidates, which could entail requirements for a medication guide, physician training and communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. Any REMS required by the FDA may lead to increased costs to assure compliance with new post-approval regulatory requirements and potential requirements or restrictions on the sale of approved products, all of which could lead to lower sales volume and revenue. In addition, if the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities approve our product candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, import, export and recordkeeping for our product candidates will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as on-going compliance with current good manufacturing practices cGMPs ), good laboratory practices GLPs and good clinical practices GCPs for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. In addition, manufacturers of drug products and their facilities are subject to continual review and periodic, unannounced inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations and standards. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money, and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production, and quality control. 
 FYARRO is, and if marketing approval of any other product candidate we may develop in the future is granted may be, subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, including the requirement to implement a REMS, which could involve requirements for, among other things, a medication guide, special training for prescribers and dispensers, and patient registries. As a condition of the approval of the NDA for FYARRO, we are required to conduct certain post-marketing requirements PMR and/or post-marketing commitments PMC ). If we fail to comply with the PMR and/or PMC, the FDA may take enforcement actions, which may include, among other things, the issuance of a Warning Letter and assessing civil monetary penalties. The product may also be deemed misbranded. 
 FYARRO does, and if any other product candidate that we may develop in the future receives marketing approval they may, have a label that limits their approved uses, including more limited subject populations, than we request, and regulatory authorities may require that contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling, including a boxed warning, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate, which could limit sales of the product. 
 The FDA may also impose requirements for costly post-marketing studies or clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product. The FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of products to ensure products are marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. The FDA imposes stringent restrictions on manufacturers communications regarding off-label use and if we do not market our prodrug products, if any, for their approved indications, we may be subject to enforcement action for off-label marketing. Violations of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act relating to the promotion of prescription drugs may lead to a number of actions and penalties, including warning letters, cyber letters, or untitled letters, adverse publicity, the requirement for dear-health-care-provider letters or other corrective information, fines and other monetary penalties, civil or criminal prosecution, including False Claims Act liability, restrictions on our operations and other operating requirements through consent decrees or corporate integrity agreements, debarment, exclusion from participation in federal health care programs and refusal of government contracts or future orders under existing contracts, among other consequences. 
 We will be required to report certain adverse reactions and production problems, if any, to the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. If we or a regulatory agency discover previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facilities where the product is manufactured, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product, the manufacturing facility or us, including requiring recall or withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing. Any new legislation addressing drug safety issues could result in delays in product development or commercialization, or increased costs to assure compliance. In addition, failure to comply with FDA, EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory requirements may have negative consequences, including: 
 adverse inspection findings; 
 additional warnings or otherwise restrict the product s indicated use, label, or marketing; 
 restrictions on our FYARRO products, distribution, manufacturers or manufacturing processes; 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 issuance of warning letters, safety alerts, dear-healthcare-provider letters, press releases or other communications containing warnings regarding the product that would result in adverse publicity; 
 voluntary or mandatory product recalls and publicity requirements or withdrawal of FYARRO from the market; 
 suspension or withdrawal of marketing or regulatory approvals or other permits or voluntary; 
 product seizures, detentions or import bans; 
 total or partial suspension of production; 
 imposition of restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; 
 requirement to establish or modify a REMS; 
 requirement to conduct post-marketing studies or surveillance; 
 restrictions on drug distribution or use; 
 requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials; 
 refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications that we submit and other delays; 
 delays in or the rejection of approvals of additional indications for FYARRO; 
 restrictions on our ability to conduct clinical trials, including full or partial clinical holds on, or the suspension or termination of, future trials; 
 fines, restitution or disgorgement of profits or revenue; 
 reputational harm; 
 refusal of government contracts or future orders under existing contracts, exclusion from participation in federal health care programs; or 
 injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, including False Claims Act liability. 
 The holder of an approved NDA or comparable regulatory approval must submit new or supplemental applications and obtain approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling, or manufacturing process and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us. 
 The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize FYARRO and any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, if approved, and generate revenue. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is withdrawn, the value of the company and our operating results will be adversely affected. 
 The FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. 
 If we are found to have improperly promoted off-label uses of FYARRO or any other product candidate that we may develop in the future, if approved, we may become subject to significant liability. The FDA and other regulatory agencies, including the U.S. Department of Justice, strictly regulate the post-approval marketing and promotional claims that may be made about prescription products, such as for FYARRO. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA or such other regulatory agencies as reflected in the product s approved labeling. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties. As such, we may not promote our products for indications or uses for which they do not have approval. For example, physicians may, in their practice of medicine, use drug products for their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label. If we, or any of our contractors or agents acting on behalf of us, are found to have promoted such off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability. The United States federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion of off-label use and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion of FYARRO and any other product candidate that we may develop in the future, if approved, we could become subject to significant liability, which would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 If we are required by the FDA to obtain approval of a companion diagnostic product in connection with approval of any future product candidates or new indication that we may develop, and if we fail to obtain or face delays in obtaining FDA approval of such companion diagnostic product, we will not be able to commercialize such product candidate 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 intended for use with such companion diagnostic product and our ability to generate revenue from such product candidate will be materially impaired. 
 In connection with the development of any future product candidates or new indications we may develop or work with collaborators to develop or obtain access to companion diagnostic tests to identify patient subsets within a disease category who may derive selective and meaningful benefit from our programs. Such companion diagnostics would be used during our clinical trials as well as in connection with the commercialization of any future product candidates or new indication we may develop. To be successful in developing and commercializing such product candidate in combination with these companion diagnostics, we or our collaborators will need to address a number of scientific, technical, regulatory and logistical challenges. According to FDA guidance, if the FDA determines that a companion diagnostic device is essential to the safe and effective use of a novel therapeutic product or indication, the FDA generally will not approve the therapeutic product or new therapeutic product indication if the companion diagnostic is not also approved or cleared at the same time the product candidate is approved. To date, the FDA has required marketing approval of all companion diagnostic tests for cancer therapies. Various foreign regulatory authorities also regulate in vitro companion diagnostics as medical devices and, under those regulatory frameworks, will likely require the conduct of clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of our current diagnostics and any future diagnostics we may develop, which we expect will require separate regulatory clearance or approval prior to commercialization. 
 The approval of a companion diagnostic as part of the therapeutic product s labeling limits the use of the therapeutic product to only those patients who express certain biomarkers or the specific genetic alteration that the companion diagnostic was developed to detect. If the FDA, EMA or a comparable regulatory authority requires approval of a companion diagnostic for any future product candidate or new indication that we may develop, whether before or concurrently with approval of such product candidate, we, and/or future collaborators, may encounter difficulties in developing and obtaining approval for these companion diagnostics. Any delay or failure by us or third-party collaborators to develop or obtain regulatory approval of a companion diagnostic could delay or prevent approval or continued marketing of such product candidate. Further, in April 2020, the FDA issued new guidance on developing and labeling companion diagnostics for a specific group of oncology therapeutic products, including recommendations to support a broader labeling claim rather than individual therapeutic products. We will continue to evaluate the impact of this guidance on our companion diagnostic development and strategy. In June 2023, FDA announced a new voluntary pilot program through which drug manufacturers can provide to the FDA the diagnostic test performance information used to enroll patients into clinical trials for drug approval. Based on assessment of the performance information, the FDA will publish the minimum performance characteristics recommended for similar tests that may be used to select patients for treatment with the approved drug to help laboratories identify specific biomarkers for their development of laboratory-developed tests, or LDTs, and to ensure more consistent performance of these tests for drug selection and improved cancer patient care. In April 2024, the FDA published a final rule that phases out its enforcement discretion for most LDTs and amends the FDA s regulations to make explicit that in vitro diagnostics are medical devices under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, including when the manufacturer of the diagnostic product is a laboratory. If we or our collaborators develop any LDTs, such products would be subject to FDA regulation as medical devices, and we would need to invest significant time and resources to ensure ongoing compliance with FDA quality system regulations and other post-market regulatory requirements. In January 2024, FDA announced its plans to reclassify certain high-risk in vitro diagnostics, including companion diagnostics, as Class II (or moderate risk) devices. We will continue to evaluate the impact of FDA guidance and other developments in the diagnostic space. This guidance and future issuances from the FDA and other regulatory authorities may impact our development of a companion diagnostic for our product candidates and result in delays in regulatory approval. We may be required to conduct additional studies to support a broader claim. Also, to the extent other approved diagnostics are able to broaden their labeling claims to include our approved drug products, we may be forced to abandon our companion diagnostic development plans or we may not be able to compete effectively upon approval, which could adversely impact our ability to generate revenue from the sale of our approved products and our business operations. 
 Additionally, we may rely on third parties for the design, development and manufacture of companion diagnostic tests for our product candidates that may require such tests. If we enter into such collaborative agreements, we will be dependent on the sustained cooperation and effort of our future collaborators in developing and obtaining approval for these companion diagnostics. It may be necessary to resolve issues such as selectivity/specificity, analytical validation, reproducibility, or clinical validation of companion diagnostics during the development and regulatory approval processes. Moreover, even if data from preclinical studies and early clinical trials appear to support development of a companion diagnostic for a product candidate, data generated in later clinical trials may fail to support the analytical and clinical validation of the companion diagnostic. We and our future collaborators may encounter difficulties in developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing and commercializing companion diagnostics similar to those we face with respect to our product candidates, including issues with achieving regulatory clearance or approval, production of sufficient quantities at commercial scale and with appropriate quality standards, and in gaining market acceptance. If we are unable to successfully develop companion diagnostics for any future product candidate or new indication, or experience delays in 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 doing so, the development of such product candidate may be adversely affected, the product candidate may not obtain marketing approval, and we may not realize the full commercial potential of such product candidate after obtaining marketing approval. As a result, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially harmed. In addition, a diagnostic company with whom we contract may decide to discontinue selling or manufacturing the companion diagnostic test that we anticipate using in connection with development and commercialization of any such future product candidate or our relationship with such diagnostic company may otherwise terminate. We may not be able to enter into arrangements with another diagnostic company to obtain supplies of an alternative diagnostic test for use in connection with the development and commercialization of any such future product or new indication. or do so on commercially reasonable terms, which could adversely affect and/or delay the development or commercialization of any such future product candidate we may develop. 
 A Fast Track or Breakthrough Therapy designation for FYARRO may not lead to a faster development or review process, or we may be unable to maintain or effectively utilize such a designation. We may also seek additional Fast Track designations from the FDA for FYARRO or any of our other product candidates. Even if one or more of our product candidates receive Fast Track designation, we may be unable to obtain or maintain the benefits associated with the Fast Track designation. 
 In March 2022 and October 2018, we announced that the FDA granted Fast Track designation for FYARRO for the investigation of the treatment of adult and adolescent patients with malignant solid tumors harboring TSC1 or TSC2 alterations and of patients with advanced malignant PEComa, respectively. While the FDA granted us Priority Review of our NDA for FYARRO in patients with advanced malignant PEComa, there is no guarantee that this Fast Track designation for the TSC1 or TSC2 alterations will qualify for or that we will be able to take advantage of the expedited review procedures or that we will ultimately obtain regulatory approval of FYARRO in other indications. Even though we received this Fast Track designation in the past, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures for other indications for FYARRO. We may also seek Fast Track designation for additional cancer indications or other diseases, and we may not be successful in securing such additional designation or in expediting development if such designations were received. Even if we receive Fast Track designation for additional cancer indications, the FDA may withdraw such Fast Track designation if it believes that the Fast Track designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. 
 Fast Track designation is designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of therapies intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition which demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Programs with Fast Track designation may benefit from early and frequent communications with the FDA, potential priority review and the ability to submit a rolling application for regulatory review. Fast Track designation applies to both the product candidate and the specific indication for which it is being studied. If any product candidates that we may develop in the future that receives Fast Track designation does not continue to meet the criteria for Fast Track designation, or if our clinical trials are delayed, suspended or terminated, or put on clinical hold due to unexpected adverse events or issues with clinical supply, we will not receive the benefits associated with the Fast Track program. The FDA may withdraw any Fast Track Designation at any time. Furthermore, Fast Track designation does not change the standards for approval. Fast Track designation alone does not guarantee qualification for the FDA s priority review procedures and we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. 
 In December 2018, we announced that the FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation for FYARRO for the treatment of patients with advanced malignant PEComa. We may also seek a Breakthrough Therapy designation for FYARRO for various cancer indications or other diseases. Breakthrough Therapy designation is for a product candidate that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product candidate may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. A sponsor may request the FDA to designate our product candidate as a Breakthrough Therapy at the time of, or any time after, the submission of an IND for the product candidate. For product candidates that have been designated as a Breakthrough Therapy, the FDA may take actions appropriate to expedite the development and review of the application, which may include holding meetings with the sponsor and the review team throughout the development of the product candidate; providing timely advice to, and interactive communication with, the sponsor regarding the development of the product candidate to ensure that the development program to gather the nonclinical and clinical data necessary for approval is as efficient as practicable; involving senior managers and experienced review staff, as appropriate, in a collaborative, cross-disciplinary review; assigning a cross-disciplinary project lead for the FDA review team to facilitate an efficient review of the development program and to serve as a scientific liaison between the review team and the sponsor; and taking steps to ensure that the design of the clinical trials is as efficient as practicable, when scientifically appropriate, such as by minimizing the number of patients exposed to a potentially less efficacious treatment. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 The FDA has broad discretion in determining whether to grant a Fast Track or Breakthrough Therapy designation for a drug. Obtaining a Fast Track or Breakthrough Therapy designation does not change the standards for product approval but may expedite the development or approval process. There is no assurance that the FDA will grant either such designation for any other indication or product candidate that we may pursue. Even if the FDA does grant either such designation, it may not actually result in faster clinical development or regulatory review or approval. Furthermore, such a designation does not increase the likelihood that FYARRO will receive regulatory approval in the United States in other indications. 
 We may not be able to obtain or maintain orphan drug designation or obtain or maintain orphan drug exclusivity for FYARRO or any future product candidates and, even if we do, such exclusivity may not prevent the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities, from approving competing products. 
 Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and the European Union, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a product candidate as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug will be recovered from sales in the United States. Our target indications may include diseases with large patient populations or may include orphan indications. However, there can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain orphan designations for FYARRO in additional indications or for any future product candidates. 
 In the United States, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity in the United States provides that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full NDA, to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances. The applicable exclusivity period is ten years in Europe. The European exclusivity period can be reduced to six years if a drug no longer meets the criteria for orphan drug designation or if the drug is sufficiently profitable so that market exclusivity is no longer justified. 
 In Catalyst Pharms., Inc. v. Becerra , 14 F.4th 1299 (11th Cir. 2021), the court disagreed with the FDA s longstanding position that the orphan drug exclusivity only applies to the approved use or indication within an eligible disease. This decision created uncertainty in the application of the orphan drug exclusivity. On January 24, 2023, the FDA published a notice in the Federal Register to clarify that while the agency complies with the court s order in Catalyst , the FDA intends to continue to apply its longstanding interpretation of the regulations to matters outside of the scope of the Catalyst order that is, the agency will continue tying the scope of orphan-drug exclusivity to the uses or indications for which a drug is approved, which permits other sponsors to obtain approval of a drug for new uses or indications within the same orphan designated disease or condition that have not yet been approved. It is unclear how future litigation, legislation, agency decisions, and administrative actions will impact the scope of the orphan drug exclusivity. 
 Even if orphan drug designation is granted, we may not be able to obtain or maintain orphan drug exclusivity for that product candidate. We may not be the first to obtain regulatory approval of any product candidate for which we have obtained orphan drug designation for the orphan-designated indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be limited if we seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan-designated indication or may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if we are unable to ensure that we will be able to manufacture sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Further, that the orphan drug exclusivity may not effectively protect an approved product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties may be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve the same drug with the same active moiety for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care or the manufacturer of the product with orphan exclusivity is unable to maintain sufficient product quantity. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the product candidate any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process or entitles the product candidate to priority review. 
 We received orphan drug designation and orphan drug exclusivity from the FDA for FYARRO for the treatment of advanced malignant PEComa. We may be unable to obtain orphan drug designation or orphan drug exclusivity for any other indication or regulatory approval for FYARRO for any other orphan population, or we may be unable to successfully commercialize FYARRO for such orphan population due to risks that include: 
 the orphan patient populations may change in size; 
 there may be changes in the treatment options for patients that may provide alternative treatments to FYARRO; 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 the development costs may be greater than projected revenue of drug sales for the orphan indications; 
 the regulatory agencies may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 
 there may be difficulties in enrolling patients for clinical trials; 
 FYARRO may not prove to be efficacious in the respective orphan patient populations; 
 clinical trial results may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the regulatory agencies; and 
 FYARRO may not have a favorable risk/benefit assessment in the respective orphan indication. 
 If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for FYARRO in any other orphan population for which we obtain orphan drug designation or we are unable to successfully commercialize FYARRO for such orphan population, it could harm our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Where appropriate, we plan to secure approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities through the use of accelerated registration pathways. If we are unable to obtain such approval, we may be required to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials beyond those that we contemplate, which could increase the expense of obtaining, and delay the receipt of, necessary regulatory approvals. Even if we receive accelerated approval from the FDA, if our confirmatory trials do not verify clinical benefit, or if we do not comply with rigorous PMRs, the FDA may seek to withdraw accelerated approval. 
 Where possible, we plan to pursue accelerated development strategies in areas of high unmet need. We may seek an accelerated approval pathway for future product candidates. Under the accelerated approval provisions in the FDA, and the FDA s implementing regulations, the FDA may grant accelerated approval to a product candidate designed to treat a serious or life-threatening condition that generally provides a meaningful therapeutic benefit over available therapies upon a determination that the product candidate has an effect on a surrogate endpoint or intermediate clinical endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. The FDA considers a clinical benefit to be a positive therapeutic effect that is clinically meaningful in the context of a given disease, such as irreversible morbidity or mortality. For the purposes of accelerated approval, a surrogate endpoint is a marker, such as a laboratory measurement, radiographic image, physical sign, or other measure that is thought to predict clinical benefit but is not itself a measure of clinical benefit. An intermediate clinical endpoint is a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit. The accelerated approval pathway may be used in cases in which the advantage of a new drug over available therapy may not be a direct therapeutic advantage but is a clinically important improvement from a patient and public health perspective. If granted, accelerated approval is usually contingent on the sponsor s agreement to conduct, in a diligent manner, additional post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe the drug s clinical benefit. If such post-approval studies fail to confirm the drug s clinical benefit, the FDA may withdraw its approval of the drug. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-ap proval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. The Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act made several changes to the FDA s authorities and its regulatory framework, including, among other changes, reforms to the accelerated approval pathway, such as requiring the FDA to specify conditions for post-approval study requirements and setting forth procedures for the FDA to withdraw a product on an expedited basis for non-compliance with post-approval requirements. In March 2023, the FDA issued a draft guidance on clinical trial considerations for supporting accelerated approval of oncology therapeutics, noting that although single-arm trials have been commonly used to support accelerated approval, a randomized controlled trial is the preferred approach for more robust efficacy and safety assessment. To the extent the FDA requires us to amend the design of our clinical trials or requires additional trials to meet changes in the data requirements for approval, our clinical timelines and approval will be delayed, which can have an adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 Prior to seeking such accelerated approval, we will seek feedback from the FDA and will otherwise evaluate our ability to seek and receive such accelerated approval. There can be no assurance that after our evaluation of the feedback and other factors we will decide to pursue or submit an NDA for accelerated approval or any other form of expedited development, review or approval. Similarly, there can be no assurance that after subsequent FDA feedback we will continue to pursue or apply for accelerated approval or any other form of expedited development, review or approval, even if we initially decide to do so. Furthermore, if we decide to submit an application for accelerated approval or under another expedited regulatory designation (e.g., breakthrough therapy designation), there can be no assurance that such submission or application will be accepted or that any expedited development, review or approval will be granted on a timely basis, or at all. The FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities could also require us to conduct further studies prior to considering our application or granting approval of any type. A failure to obtain accelerated approval or any other form of expedited development, review or approval for a product candidate would result in a longer time period to commercialization of such product candidate, could increase the cost of development of such product candidate and could harm our competitive position in the marketplace. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 We may face difficulties from changes to current regulations and future legislation. 
 Existing regulatory policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa outside the United States and for any additional indications that we may seek approval for, or any product candidates that we may develop in the future. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any regulatory approval that we may have obtained, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (the ACA ), was passed, which substantially changes the way healthcare is financed by both the government and private insurers, and significantly impacts the United States pharmaceutical industry. Some of the provisions of the ACA have been subject to judicial and Congressional challenges, and in June 2021, the Supreme Court held that Texas and other challengers had no legal standing to challenge the ACA, dismissing the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. 
 Moreover, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over the manner in which drug manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. For example, under the American Rescue Plan the statutory cap on Medicaid Drug Rebate Program rebates that manufacturers pay to state Medicaid programs will be eliminated. Elimination of this cap may require a pharmaceutical manufacturer to pay more in rebates than it receives on the sale of products, which could have a material impact on our business. Further, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at increasing competition for prescription drugs. In response to this executive order, the HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these principles. In August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act, which includes prescription drug provisions that have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government to negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. Various industry stakeholders have initiated lawsuits against the federal government asserting that the price negotiation provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act are unconstitutional. The impact of these judicial challenges as well as any future litigation in view of the Supreme Court s overturn of the Chevron doctrine, new legislative, executive, and administrative actions and any future healthcare measures and agency rules implemented by the government on us and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole is unclear. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product candidates if approved. Complying with any new legislation and regulatory changes could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. These changes included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, effective April 1, 2013, which, due to subsequent legislative amendments, will stay in effect through 2032, unless additional congressional action is taken. In January 2013, former President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. These new laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on customers for FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop if the future, if approved, and accordingly, our financial operations. 
 At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. For example, a number of states are considering or have recently enacted state drug price transparency and reporting laws that could substantially increase our compliance burdens and expose us to greater liability under such state laws once we begin commercialization after obtaining regulatory approval for any of our produc ts. Additionally, FDA recently authorized the state of Florida to import certain prescription drugs from Canada for a period of two years to help reduce drug costs, provided that Florida s Agency for Health Care 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Administration meets the requirements set forth by the FDA. Other states may follow Florida. Implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms that affect the pricing and/or availability of drug products may impact our ability to generate revenue, attain or maintain profitability, or commercialize products for which we may receive regulatory approval in the future. 
 Further, on May 30, 2018, the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017 Right to Try Act ), was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new product candidates that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access program. There is no obligation for a drug manufacturer to make its products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act. 
 We expect that the ACA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our product candidates. 
 Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for biotechnology products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the regulatory approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent regulatory approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. Recently, the U.S. Supreme Court overruled the Chevron doctrine, which gives deference to regulatory agencies statutory interpretations in litigation against federal government agencies, such as the FDA, where the law is ambiguous. This landmark Supreme Court decision may invite more companies and other stakeholders to bring lawsuits against the FDA to challenge longstanding decisions and policies of the FDA, including FDA s statutory interpretations of market exclusivities and the substantial evidence requirements for drug approvals, which could undermine the FDA s authority, lead to uncertainties in the industry, and disrupt the FDA s normal operations, any of which could delay the FDA s review of our regulatory submissions. We cannot predict the full impact of this decision, future judicial challenges brought against the FDA, or the nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action. 
 We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or in other jurisdictions. If we or our collaborators are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or our collaborators are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our product candidates may lose any marketing approval that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business. 
 Additionally, the collection and use of health data in the European Union is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), which extends the geographical scope of European Union data protection law to non-European Union entities under certain conditions and imposes substantial obligations upon companies and new rights for individuals. Failure to comply with the GDPR and the applicable national data protection laws of European Union member states may result in fines up to 20.0 million or up to 4 of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, and other administrative penalties. Additionally, the UK has implemented legislation that substantially implements the GDPR, the UK GDPR, which provides for similar obligations and provides for penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of 17.5 million or four percent of worldwide revenues. The GDPR and UK GDPR may increase our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we may process, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms in an effort to comply with the GDPR and UK GDPR. This may be onerous and if our efforts to comply with the GDPR, UK GDPR or other applicable European Union laws and regulations are not successful, it could adversely affect our business in the European Union and United Kingdom. 
 Finally, state and foreign laws may apply generally to the privacy and security of information we maintain, and may differ from each other in significant ways, thus complicating compliance efforts. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA ), which took effect on January 1, 2020, and subsequently was amended and supplemented by the CPRA, gives California residents expanded rights to access and require deletion of their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. In addition, the CCPA (a) allows enforcement by the California Attorney General, with fines set at 2,500 per violation (i.e., per person) or 7,500 per intentional violation and (b) authorizes private lawsuits to recover statutory damages for certain data breaches. Numerous other states in the U.S. h ave proposed or enacted similar legislation. While the CCPA and many other similar state laws exempt some data regulated by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 HIPAA and certain clinical trials data, the CCPA and such other laws, to the extent applicable to our business and operations, may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Further, some states have enacted more specific legislation, such as Washington s enactment of the My Health, My Data Act, which includes a private right of action. The U.S. federal government is also contemplating federal privacy legislation. The evolving trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States, including the foregoing laws and regulations and the potential for future laws and regulations, could increase our compliance costs and potential liability and adversely affect our business. 
 It is possible that the GDPR, UK GDPR, CCPA, CPRA, or other laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction or inconsistent with our policies and practices. We cannot guarantee that we are in compliance with all such applicable data protection laws and regulations, and we cannot be sure how these regulations will be interpreted, enforced or applied to our operations. Furthermore, other jurisdictions outside the EU are similarly introducing or enhancing privacy and data security laws, rules, and regulations, which could increase our compliance costs and the risks associated with noncompliance. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices, and our efforts to comply with the evolving data protection rules may be unsuccessful. Our actual or alleged non-compliance could result in government-imposed fines or orders requiring that we change our practices, which could adversely affect our business. In addition to the risks associated with enforcement activities and potential contractual liabilities, our ongoing efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations at the federal and state level may be costly and require ongoing modifications to our policies, procedures, and systems. 
 Our actual or perceived failure to adequately comply with applicable laws and regulations or other actual or asserted obligations relating to privacy and data protection, or to protect personal data and other data we process or maintain, could result in regulatory enforcement actions against us, including fines, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, claims for damages by affected individuals, other lawsuits or reputational and damage, all of which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 Inadequate funding for the FDA, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 If a prolonged government shutdown occurs or if the FDA's normal operations are disrupted, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, in our operations as a public company, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 If we fail to comply with other United States healthcare laws and compliance requirements, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, our relationships with healthcare professionals, clinical investigators, CROs and third-party payors in connection with our current and future business activities may be subject to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, transparency laws, government price reporting, and health information privacy and security laws, which could expose us to significant losses, including, among other things, criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, exclusion from governmental healthcare programs, reputational harm, administrative burdens and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 Healthcare providers and third-party payors play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. Our current and future arrangements with healthcare professionals, clinical investigators, CROs, third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute our products for which we obtain regulatory approval. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations may include the following: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti- Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation. Violations are subject to civil and criminal fines and penalties for each violation, plus up to three times the remuneration involved, imprisonment, and exclusion from government healthcare programs. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act or federal civil money penalties; 
 the federal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, which can be enforced by private citizens through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, and civil monetary penalties laws, prohibit individuals or entities from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. Manufacturers can be held liable under the federal False Claims Act even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. The federal False Claims Act also permits a private individual acting as a whistleblower to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the federal False Claims Act and to share in any monetary recovery; 
 federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making, or causing to be made, false statements relating to healthcare matters; 
 the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which prohibits, among other things, offering or transferring remuneration to a federal healthcare beneficiary that a person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s decision to order or receive items or services reimbursable by the government from a particular provider or supplier; 
 the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, and other local anti-corruption laws that apply to our international activities; 
 the federal HIPAA, which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit a person from knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statements or representations in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters; similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 
 HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH and their respective implementing regulations, including the Final Omnibus Rule published in January 2013, which impose requirements on certain covered healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their respective business associates, independent contractors or agents of covered entities, that perform services for them that involve the creation, maintenance, receipt, use, or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions; 
 the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires applicable manufacturers of covered drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to annually report to CMS information regarding certain payments and other transfers of value made to covered recipients in the previously year, including physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain non-physician healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners, among others), and teaching hospitals, as well as information regarding ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; our failure to submit required information timely, accurately, and completely may result in significant civil monetary penalties and may increase our liability under other federal laws or regulations; and 
 additionally, we are subject to state and foreign equivalents of each of the healthcare laws and regulations described above, among others, some of which may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of the payor. Many U.S. states have adopted laws similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and False Claims Act, and may 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 apply to our business practices, including, but not limited to, research, distribution, sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental payors, including private insurers. In addition, some states have passed laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the April 2003 Office of Inspector General Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and/or the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America s Code on Interactions with Healthcare Professionals. Several states also impose other marketing restrictions or require pharmaceutical companies to make marketing or price disclosures to the state and require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. State and foreign laws, including, for example, the GDPR, the UK GDPR, and state laws and regulations, including general legislation such as the CCPA, and sector- or subject matter-specific laws and regulations, also govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways. Many state laws in the U.S. are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. There are ambiguities as to what is required to comply with these state and other laws and regulations and if we fail or are alleged to comply with an applicable requirement of any of these laws or regulations, we could be subject to claims, demands, and litigation initiated by private individuals or entities, regulatory investigations and other proceedings, and fines, penalties, and other liabilities. 
 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of available statutory and regulatory exceptions or safe harbors, it is possible that some of our activities, including those of our contractors or agents who conduct business for or on behalf of us, could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. Any action brought against us for violations of these laws or regulations, even successfully defended, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. We may be subject to private qui tam actions brought by individual whistleblowers on behalf of the federal or state governments. 
 If we were to grow our business and expand our sales organization or rely on distributors outside of the United States, we would be at increased risk of violating these laws or our internal policies and procedures. The risk of us being found in violation of these or other laws and regulations is further increased by the fact that many have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Any action brought against us for violation of these or other laws or regulations, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. 
 Efforts to ensure that our current and future business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare and data privacy laws and regulations will involve on-going substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are alleged or found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant consequences, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any of the foregoing consequences could seriously harm our business and our financial results. Defending against any such actions can be costly, time-consuming and may require significant financial and personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. Further, if any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial collaborators, principal investigators, CROs, suppliers and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial collaborators, principal investigators, CROs, suppliers and vendors may engage in fraud, misconduct or other improper activities. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless, and negligent conduct that fails to: comply with the regulations of the FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; provide true, complete and accurate information to the FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; comply with manufacturing standards we have established; comply with federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws and regulations and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws; and accurately report financial information or data or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, research, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the health care industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, certain customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Misconduct by these parties could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a code of conduct, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by these parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending our self or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 
 If we, or any contract manufacturers and suppliers we engage, fails to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We and any contract manufacturers and suppliers we engage are subject to numerous federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and permitting requirements, including those governing laboratory procedures, the generation, handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous and regulated materials and wastes, the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air, and water; and employee health and safety. The operations of our contractors may involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials, and accordingly may produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, including any contamination at our current or past facilities and at third-party facilities, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 
 Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials. 
 In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or commercialization efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 Our business activities may be subject to the FCPA and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws of other countries. Compliance with these legal requirements could limit our ability to compete in foreign markets and subject us to liability if we violate them. 
 Our business activities may be subject to the FCPA and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules of other countries in which we operate, including the UK Bribery Act. The FCPA generally prohibits companies and their employees and third-party intermediaries from offering, promising, giving or authorizing others to give anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to a non-U.S. government official in order to influence official action or otherwise obtain or retain business. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with public officials, including officials of non-U.S. governments. Additionally, in many other countries, hospitals are owned and operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are employed by the government and would be considered foreign officials under the FCPA, and often the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, our dealings with these doctors, hospital employees and purchasers are subject to regulation under the FCPA. Recently, the SEC and DOJ have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. There is no certainty that all of our employees, agents, collaborators, or contractors, or those of our affiliates, will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, disgorgement, and other sanctions and remedial measures, the closing down of our facilities, requirements to obtain export licenses, cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries, implementation of compliance programs, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries and could materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international activities, our ability to attract and retain employees and our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Our business activities may be subject to United States and certain foreign export controls, trade sanctions, and import laws and regulations. Compliance with these legal requirements could limit our ability to compete in foreign markets and subject us to liability if we violate them. 
 Our products may be subject to U.S. and foreign export controls, trade sanctions and import laws and regulations. Governmental regulation of the import or export of our products, or our failure to obtain any required import or export authorization for our products, when applicable, could harm our international sales and adversely affect our revenue. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements regarding the export of our products may create delays in the introduction of our products in international markets or, in some cases, prevent the export of our products to some countries altogether. Furthermore, United States export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of certain products and services to countries, governments, and persons targeted by United States sanctions. For example, the U.S. government and other governments in jurisdictions in which we may operate in the future have imposed severe sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests and threatened additional sanctions and controls in connection with the conflict in Ukraine. The impact of these measures, as well as potential responses to them by Russia, is currently unknown and they could adversely affect our business, supply chain, business partners or customers. 
 If we fail to comply with export and import regulations, and such economic sanctions, penalties could be imposed, including fines and/or denial of certain export privileges. Moreover, any new export or import restrictions, new legislation or shifting approaches in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or in the countries, persons, or products targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export our products to, existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products would likely adversely affect our business. 
 Further, with rising international trade tensions or sanctions, our business may be adversely affected following new or increased tariffs that result in increased global clinical trial costs as a result of international transportation of clinical drug supplies, as well as the costs of materials and products imported into the United States. Tariffs, trade restrictions or sanctions imposed by the United States or other countries, including as a result geopolitical tension, such as a deterioration in the relationship between the United States and China, escalation in conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, including any additional sanctions, export controls or other restrictive actions that may be imposed by the United States and/or other countries against governmental or other entities in Russia, could increase the prices of our and our collaboration partners drug products, affect our and our collaboration partners ability to commercialize such drug products, or create adverse tax consequences in the United States or other countries. As a result, changes in international trade policy, changes in trade agreements and the imposition of tariffs or sanctions by the United States or other countries could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 In particular, there is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and various other countries, most significantly China, with respect to trade policies, treaties, tariffs, taxes, and other limitations on cross-border operations. The U.S. government has made and continues to make significant additional changes in U.S. trade policy and may continue to take future actions that could negatively impact U.S. trade. For example, legislation has been introduced in Congress to limit certain U.S. biotechnology companies from using equipment or services produced or provided by select Chinese biotechnology companies, and others in Congress have advocated for the use of existing executive branch authorities to limit those Chinese service providers ability to engage in business in the U.S. We cannot predict what actions may ultimately be taken with respect to trade relations between the United States and China or other countries, what products and services may be subject to such actions or what actions may be taken by the other countries in retaliation. If we are unable to obtain or use services from existing service providers or become unable to export or sell our products to any of our customers or service providers, our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We contract with qualified third parties for the production of FYARRO for commercialization and expect to continue to do so for additional clinical trials. This reliance on third parties, some of which are sole source suppliers, increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quality and quantities of FYARRO to meet demand or otherwise or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 We do not currently have, nor do we plan to acquire, the infrastructure or internal capability to manufacture supplies of FYARRO or any future product candidates for use in development and commercialization. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third-party manufacturers for the production of FYARRO and product candidates for preclinical studies and clinical trials under the guidance of members of our organization. In the case of FYARRO, we rely on a single third-party manufacturer, Fresenius Kabi, LLC Fresenius Kabi ), and currently have n o alternative manufacturer in place. On January 13, 2022, we entered into a Negotiated Purchase Order Terms and Conditions for Clinical and Commercial Product, as amended effective as of August 1, 2022, March 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024 (collectively, the Fresenius 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Agreement ), with Fresenius Kabi pursuant to which Fresenius Kabi manufactured FYARRO for intravenous use for us, and we purchased FYARRO as a finished drug product from Fresenius Kabi, on a purchase-order basis for either clinical or commercial purposes for use in the United States and Canada. The term of the Fresenius Agreement expired on September 30, 2024. Although we believe we presently have sufficient supply of FYARRO for at least the next two years based on our estimated demand and are seeking to enter into a new agreement with Fresenius Kabi for the manufacture of FYARRO, if we are unable to enter into a new agreement on favorable terms or at all, our business could be materially adversely affected . 
 We have other supply agreements in place for key raw materials used in the manufacture of FYARRO such as for the drug substance sirolimus and for human albumin, which are key ingredients in the drug product. If we were to engage another third-party manufacturer, we will be required to verify that the new third-party manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations. We will also need to verify, such as through a bridging study, that any new manufacturing process will produce FYARRO or any other product candidate we may develop in the future, if approved, according to the specifications previously submitted to the FDA or another regulatory authority. If we were to experience an unexpected loss of supply of FYARRO or any other product candidate that we may develop in the future for any reason, whether as a result of manufacturing, supply or storage issues or otherwise, we could experience delays, disruptions, suspensions or terminations in commercializing FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa, or be required to restart or repeat, any future clinical trials for FYARRO in other indications or for any other product candidates we may develop in the future, in a timely manner or on budget. Moreover, if we are unable to keep up with demand for FYARRO, our revenue could be impaired, market acceptance for FYARRO could be adversely affected. 
 We may be unable to ma intain or establish required agreements with third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms. Further, any delay in identifying and qualifying a manufacturer for commercial production could negatively impact the commercialization of FYARRO, and, in the event that we do not have sufficient product to complete clinical trials, it could delay such trials. Even if we are able to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 
 the failure of the third party to manufacture FYARRO or any of our other product candidates that we may develop in the future according to our schedule and specifications, or at all, including if our third-party contractors give greater priority to the supply of other products over our product candidates or otherwise do not satisfactorily perform according to the terms of the agreements between us and them; 
 the termination or nonrenewal of arrangements or agreements by our third-party contractors at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us; 
 the breach by the third-party contractors of our agreements with them; 
 the failure of third-party contractors to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, including manufacturing drug supply pursuant to strictly enforced cGMPs; 
 the failure of the third-party contractor to manufacture FYARRO or any of our other product candidates that we may develop in the future according to our specifications; 
 the mislabeling of clinical supplies, potentially resulting in the wrong dose amounts being supplied or active drug or placebo not being properly identified; 
 clinical supplies not being delivered to clinical sites on time, leading to clinical trial interruptions, or of drug supplies not being distributed to commercial vendors in a timely manner, resulting in lost sales; and 
 the misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how. 
 We do not have complete control over all aspects of the manufacturing process of our contract manufacturing partners and are dependent on these contract manufacturing partners for compliance with cGMP regulations for manufacturing both active pharmaceutical ingredients API and finished drug products. To date, we have obtained drug substance and drug product from third-party manufacturers to support preclinical and clinical testing of FYARRO. We are in the process of developing our supply chain for FYARRO, including through a new supply agreement with Fresenius Kabi. As we commercialize FYARRO or any other product candidates we may develop in the future through development, we will consider redundant supply for the API and drug product for FYARRO and each of our product candidates that we may develop in the future to protect against any potential supply disruptions. However, we may be unsuccessful in putting in place such framework agreements or protecting against potential supply disruptions. 
 Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with cGMP regulations or similar regulatory requirements outside of the United States. If our CMOs cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 regulatory requirements of the FDA, EMA or others, they will not be able to pass a pre-approval inspection or secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we do not have control over the ability of our CMOs to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. Furthermore, many of our CMOs are engaged with other companies to supply and/or manufacture materials or products for such companies, which exposes our manufacturers to regulatory risks for the production of such materials and products. As a result, failure to satisfy the regulatory requirements for the production of those materials and products may affect the regulatory clearance of our CMOs facilities generally. If the FDA, EMA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of FYARRO or any of our other product candidates that we may develop in the future or if we withdraw any such approval in the future, we will need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, and those new facilities would need to be inspected and approved by FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authority prior to commencing manufacturing, which would significantly impact our ability to commercialize FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa and develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market FYARRO for other indications or any of our other product candidates that we may develop in the future, if approved. Our reliance on CMOs also exposes us to the possibility that they, or third parties with access to their facilities, will have access to and may appropriate our trade secrets or other proprietary information. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on the parties, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates or drugs, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of FYARRO or any of our other product candidates or drugs that we may develop in the future and harm our business and results of operations. 
 In addition, the manufacture of pharmaceutical products is complex and requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up and validating initial production and absence of contamination. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including stability of the product, quality assurance testing, operator error, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations. Furthermore, if contaminants are discovered in our supply of FYARRO or in our third-party manufacturing facilities, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination. Any stability or other issues relating to the manufacture of our product candidates may occur in the future. Further, as product candidates are developed through preclinical studies to late-stage clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives, and any of these changes could cause FYARRO or any of our other product candidates that we may develop in the future to perform differently and affect commercialization or the results of future clinical trials. In addition, quarantines, shelter-in-place and similar government orders, or the perception that such orders, shutdowns or other restrictions on the conduct of business operations could occur, related to COVID-19 or other infectious diseases could impact personnel at our third-party manufacturing facilities upon which we rely, or the availability or cost of materials, which could disrupt the supply chain for FYARRO or any of our product candidates that we may develop in the future. Further, our manufacturers may experience manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political environments. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with their contractual obligations, our ability to provide our product candidate to patients in clinical trials would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and, depending upon the period of delay, require us to commence new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical trials completely. 
 Any of these challenges could delay completion of clinical trials, require bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical study costs, delay approval of our product candidate, impair commercialization efforts, increase our cost of goods, and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. Our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of FYARRO and any of our other product candidates that we may develop in the future may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future that receives regulatory approval on a timely and competitive basis. 
 We are dependent on a single-source supplier for the drug product FYARRO, and the loss of such supplier could harm our business. 
 We rely on a single-source supplier, Fresenius K abi, for our drug product FYARRO. In January 2022, we entered into the Fresenius Agreement, which we most recently amended effective as July 31, 2024 to, among other things, extend the term of the Fresenius Agreement to September 30, 2024. The term of the Fresenius Agreement has now expired. Although we believe we presently have sufficient supply of FYARRO for at least the next two years based on our estimated demand and 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 are seeking to enter into a new agreement with Fresenius Kabi for the manufacture of FYARRO, if we are unable to enter into a new agreement on favorable terms or at all, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 We also have supply agreements in place for key raw materials used in the manufacture of FYARRO such as for the drug substance sirolimus and for human albumin, which are key ingredients in the drug product. Our suppliers could discontinue the manufacturing or supply of FYARRO at any time. Our suppliers may not be able to meet our demand for their products, either because of acts of nature, the nature of our agreements with those manufacturers or our relative importance to them as a customer, and our manufacturers may decide in the future to discontinue or reduce the level of business they conduct with us either entirely or for a particular territory. The loss of any of the foregoing would require significant time and effort to locate and qualify an alternative source of supply. 
 We currently rely on a single company for such manufacturing for FYARRO . Any contractual disputes between us and such manufacturer, the inability to enter into a new commercial supply agreement with Fresenius Kabi or loss of manufacturing ability by such manufacturer could similarly require significant time, effort and expense to locate and qualify an alternative source of manufacturing, which could materially harm our business. 
 In addition, we might not be able to identify and qualify additional or replacement suppliers for the drug product FYARRO or for the key raw materials used in the manufacture of FYARRO timely or at all or without incurring significant additional costs. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to establish alternative relationships on similar terms, without delay or at all. We may also face regulatory delays or be required to seek additional regulatory clearances or approvals if we experience any delay or deficiency in the quality of products obtained from suppliers or if we have to replace our suppliers. In addition, we do not currently have arrangements in place for redundant supply of the drug product FYARRO or for the key raw materials used in the manufacture of FYARRO. 
 Establishing additional or replacement suppliers for the drug product FYARRO or for the key raw materials used in the manufacture of FYARRO, if required, or any supply interruption from our suppliers, could limit our ability to manufacture our products, result in production delays and increased costs and adversely affect our ability to deliver products to our customers on a timely basis. Our inability to obtain sufficient quantities of the drug product FYARRO or for the key raw materials used in the manufacture of FYARRO also could adversely affect clinical development of FYARRO in other indications. If we are not able to identify alternate sources of supply for the drug product FYARRO or for the key raw materials used in the manufacture of FYARRO, we will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize FYARRO or any other product candidate that we may develop in the future or we will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, regulatory approvals for FYARRO in other indications or for any other product candidates that we may develop in the future. 
 The manufacture of drugs is complex, and our third-party manufacturers may encounter difficulties in production. If any of our third-party manufacturers encounter such difficulties, our ability to provide adequate supply of FYARRO for patients or for clinical trials or any other product candidate that we may develop in the future, if approved, could be delayed or prevented. 
 Manufacturing drugs, especially in large quantities, is complex and highly regulated and may require the use of innovative technologies. Each lot of an approved drug product must undergo thorough testing for identity, strength, quality, purity and efficacy. Manufacturing drugs requires facilities specifically designed for and validated for this purpose, as well as sophisticated quality assurance and quality control procedures. Manufacturing drugs is highly susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure, improper installation or operation of equipment, vendor or operator error, inconsistency in yields, variability in product characteristics and difficulties in scaling the production process. Slight deviations anywhere in the manufacturing process, including filling, labeling, packaging, storage and shipping and quality control and testing, may result in lot failures, product recalls or spoilage. When changes are made to the manufacturing process, we may be required to provide preclinical and clinical data showing the comparable identity, strength, quality, purity or efficacy of the products before and after such changes. If microbial, viral or other contaminations or impurities are discovered at the facilities of our manufacturer, such facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination or impurity, which could delay clinical trials and adversely harm our business. If our third-party manufacturers are unable to produce sufficient quantities of consistent quality for clinical trials or for commercialization as a result of these challenges, or otherwise, our development and commercialization efforts would be impaired, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties and termination of any of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights, which would harm our business. 
 We are dependent on patents, know-how and proprietary technology, both our own and licensed from others. We entered into a license agreement with Abraxis BioScience, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Celgene Corporation, which is a 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 wholly owned subsidiary of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company BMS pursuant to which we have licensed exclusive global rights to intellectual property and know-how related to FYARRO. We are required t o use commercially reasonable efforts or diligent efforts to commercialize products based on the licensed rights and to pay certain royalties based off our net sales, certain sublicense fees and certain other fees. We may not meet these requirements, which could result in a loss or termination of any rights under such agreements. Any termination of these licenses will result in the loss of significant rights and will restrict our ability to commercialize FYARRO. 
 We are generally also subject to all of the same risks with respect to protection of intellectual property that we license, as we are for intellectual property that we own, which are described below under Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. If we or our licensors fail to adequately protect this intellectual property, our ability to commercialize products could suffer. 
 We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials, research and studies. 
 We do not have the ability to independently conduct all of our preclinical studies and clinical trials. We have relied and expect to continue to rely on third parties, such as CROs, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions and clinical investigators, to conduct, supervise and monitor our preclinical studies and clinical trials of FYARRO for additional indications and other product candidates we may develop in the future. We enter into agreements with third parties that have a significant role in the conduct of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and the subsequent collection and analysis of data. These third parties are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such third parties, we have limited ability to control the conduct of such third party, the amount or timing of resources that any such third party will devote to our preclinical studies and clinical trials and the management of data developed through preclinical studies and clinical trials. Communicating with outside parties can also be challenging, potentially leading to mistakes as well as difficulties in coordinating activities. The third parties we rely on for these services may also (i) have staffing difficulties, (ii) fail to comply with contractual obligations, (iii) experience regulatory compliance issues, (iv) undergo changes in priorities or become financially distressed, or (v) have relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors, which may draw time and resources from our development programs. The third parties with whom we may contract might not be diligent, careful or timely in conducting our preclinical studies or clinical trials, resulting in the preclinical studies and clinical trials being delayed or unsuccessful. Some of these third parties may terminate their engagements with us at any time. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements with a third party, this would delay our drug development activities. 
 Our reliance on these third parties for such drug development activities will reduce our control over these activities but will not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. For example, we will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our preclinical studies and clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial and legal, regulatory, and scientific requirements and standards. Moreover, the FDA requires us and our third parties to comply with applicable GLP and GCP standards, regulations for conducting, monitoring, recording and reporting the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials to assure that the data and reported results are reliable and accurate and for clinical trials that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected and that they are adequately informed of the potential risks of participating in clinical trials. The EMA also requires us to comply with similar standards. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCP requirements through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of our CROs fail to comply with applicable GCP requirements, the clinical data generated in our preclinical studies and clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional preclinical studies or clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our preclinical studies and clinical trials substantially comply with GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with product candidates produced under current cGMP regulations and will require a large number of test patients. Our failure or the failure of our CROs to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process and could also subject us to enforcement action up to and including civil and criminal penalties. We are also required to register certain clinical trials and post the results of certain completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database, ClinicalTrials.gov, within certain timeframes. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions. 
 If we cannot contract with acceptable third parties on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or if these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or perform preclinical studies and clinical trials in a satisfactory manner, meet expected deadlines or conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, regulatory approvals for product candidates that we may develop in the future and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize such product candidates, if approved. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 We may form or seek strategic alliances or collaborations in the future. Such alliances and collaborations may inhibit future opportunities, or we may not realize the benefits of such collaborations or alliances. 
 We may form or seek strategic alliances, joint ventures or collaborations or enter into licensing arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our development and commercialization efforts with respect to FYARRO or any future product candidates that we may develop. We are at risk that any such future collaborations may not be successful. Factors that may affect the success of our collaborations include the following: 
 our collaboration partners may incur financial and cash flow difficulties that force them to limit or reduce their efforts under their collaboration agreement with us; 
 our collaboration partners may be pursuing alternative technologies or developing alternative products that are competitive to our technology and products, either on their own or in partnership with others; 
 our collaboration partners may terminate their collaboration with us, which could make it difficult for us to attract new partners or adversely affect perception of us in the business and financial communities; and 
 our collaboration partners may pursue higher priority programs or change the focus of their development programs, which could affect their commitment to us. 
 In addition, any future collaboration agreements we may enter into, are generally subject to termination by the counterparty on short notice upon the occurrence of certain circumstances without cause subject to a specified notice period. Accordingly, even if we believe that the development of product candidates is worth pursuing, our partners may choose not to continue with such development. If any of our collaborations are terminated, we may not receive additional milestones or royalties under those collaborations. In addition, we may be required to devote additional resources to the development of our product candidates or seek a new collaboration partner on short notice, and the terms of any additional collaboration or other arrangements that we establish may not be favorable to us. 
 Future efforts for additional alliances or collaborations may also require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near- and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing stockholders or disrupt our management and business. In addition, we face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners, and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Furthermore, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operation s and company culture. We cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will achieve the revenues or specific net income that justifies such transaction. 
 If we cannot maintain successful collaborations, our business, financial condition, and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 If we engage in future acquisitions or strategic partnerships, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks. 
 From time to time, we evaluate various acquisition opportunities and strategic partnerships, including licensing or acquiring complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies, or businesses. Any potential acquisition or strategic partnership may entail numerous risks, including: 
 increased operating expenses and cash requirements; 
 the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent liabilities; 
 the issuance of our equity securities; 
 assimilation of operations, intellectual property, and products of an acquired company, including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel; 
 the diversion of our management s attention from our existing programs and initiatives in pursuing such a strategic transaction; 
 retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; 
 risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that party and their existing products or product candidates and regulatory approvals; and 
 our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, if we undertake acquisitions or pursue partnerships in the future, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expense. 
 If we decide to establish collaborations but are not able to establish those collaborations on commercially reasonable terms, we may have to alter our development and commercialization plans. 
 Our drug development programs and the potential commercialization of FYARRO in additional indications or any future product candidates will require substantial additional cash to fund expenses. We may seek to selectively form collaborations to expand our capabilities, potentially accelerate research and development activities and provide for commercialization activities by third parties. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near- and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing stockholders, or disrupt our management and business. 
 We would face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Whether we reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include the design or results of clinical trials, the likelihood of approval by the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, the potential market for the subject product candidate, the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering such product candidate to patients, the potential of competing drugs, the existence of uncertainty with respect to our ownership of intellectual property and industry and market conditions generally. The potential collaborator may also consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for our product candidate. Further, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a collaboration or other alternative arrangements for product candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and third parties may not view them as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy. 
 In addition, there have been a significant number of recent business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. Even if we are successful in entering into a collaboration, the terms and conditions of that collaboration may restrict us from entering into future agreements on certain terms with potential collaborators. 
 If and when we seek to enter into collaborations, we may not be able to negotiate collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of a product candidate, reduce or delay our development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay our potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop FYARRO in additional indications or any future product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. 
 We may enter into collaborations with third parties for the development and commercialization of FYARRO in additional indications or for any future product candidates. If those collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to capitalize on the market potential of these product candidates. 
 If we enter into any collaboration arrangements with any third parties, we will likely have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators dedicate to the development or commercialization of FYARRO in additional indications or any future product candidates. Our ability to generate revenues from these arrangements will depend on our collaborators abilities and efforts to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. Collaborations involving FYARRO or any future product candidates would pose numerous risks to us, including the following: 
 collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations and may not perform their obligations as expected; 
 collaborators may de-emphasize or not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators strategic focus, including as a result of a business combination or sale or disposition of a business unit or development function, or available funding or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 
 collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than us; 
 a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to multiple products may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of FYARRO or any other product candidate that we may develop in the future, if approved, relative to other products; 
 we may grant exclusive rights to our collaborators that would prevent us from collaborating with others; 
 collaborators may not properly obtain, maintain, defend or enforce our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information and intellectual property in such a way as to invite litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings that could jeopardize or invalidate our proprietary information and intellectual property or expose us to potential litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings; 
 disputes may arise between the collaborators and us that result in the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our product candidates or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 
 collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates; 
 collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future in the most efficient manner or at all; 
 collaborators may not provide us with timely and accurate information regarding development progress and activities under the collaboration or may limit our ability to share such information, which could adversely impact our ability to report progress to our investors and otherwise plan our own development of FYARRO or any other product candidates that we may develop in the future; 
 collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our products that results from us collaborating with them, and in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to develop or commercialize such intellectual property; and 
 a collaborator s sales and marketing activities or other operations may not be in compliance with applicable laws, resulting in civil or criminal proceedings. 
 Disputes between us and our collaborators may result in litigation or arbitration which would increase our expenses and divert the attention of our management. Further, these transactions and arrangements are contractual in nature and may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the applicable agreements. For example, on June 27, 2022, EOC elected to terminate the EOC License Agreement, effective immediately, due to alleged material breaches by us. See Notes 7 and 12 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for more information about the EOC License Agreement, its termination, and resulting arbitration (including the arbitration panel's final award in our favor). Under the EOC License Agreement, we relied on EOC for a substantial portion of the financial resources and for the development, regulatory, and commercialization activities for FYARRO in the EOC Territory. In addition, EOC s termination of the EOC License Agreement prior to completing development or commercialization of FYARRO under the collaboration adversely impacts the potential approval and our revenue from the licensed product in the EOC Territory and we will not receive future revenues from the collaboration. It may be necessary for us to assume the responsibility at our own expense for the development of FYARRO in the EOC Territory or find another partner for the territory. In that event, we would likely need to seek additional funding and our potential to generate future revenues from FYARRO could be significantly reduced and our business could be materially and adversely harmed. 
 Risks Related to Employee Matters, Managing Our Growth and Other Risks Related to our Business 
 Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled executive officers, key scientific personnel and employees. 
 To succeed, we must recruit, retain, manage and motivate qualified clinical, scientific, technical and management personnel, and we face significant competition for experienced personnel. We are highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific and medical staff. If we do not succeed in attracting and retaining qualified personnel, particularly at the management level, it could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and harm 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 our operating r esults. In particular, the loss of one or more of our executive officers or key scientific personnel could be detrimental to us if we cannot recruit suitable replacements in a timely manner. Any leadership transitions, as well as future other senior management changes, could disrupt and have a detrimental effect on our business. We may need to hire additional personnel in connection with future clinical development and commercial activities. We could in the future have difficulty attracting and retaining experienced personnel and may be required to expend significant financial resources in our employee recruitment and retention efforts. 
 Many of the other biotechnology companies that we compete against for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles and a longer history in the industry than us. They also may provide higher compensation, more diverse opportunities and better prospects for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high-quali ty candidates than what we have to offer. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high-quality personnel, the rate and success at which we can discover, develop and commercialize our product candidates will be limited and the potential for successfully growing our business will be harmed. 
 Additionally, we rely on our scientific and clinical advisors and consultants to assist us in formulating our research, development and clinical strategies. These advisors and consultants are not our employees and may have commitments to, or consulting or advisory contracts with, other entities that may limit their availability to us. In addition, these advisors and consultants typically will not enter into non-compete agreements with us. If a conflict of interest arises between their work for us and their work for another entity, we may lose their services. Furthermore, our advisors may have arrangements with other companies to assist those companies in developing products or technologies that may compete with ours. In particular, if we are unable to maintain consulting relationships with these advisors or they provide services to our competitors, our development and commercialization efforts will be impaired and our business will be significantly harmed. 
 If we are unable to successfully establish and maintain sales or marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell or market FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa or any additional indications that we may seek approval for, or other product candidates that we may develop in the future, when approved, we may not be able to successfully sell or market our product candidates that obtain regulatory approval. 
 In order to commercialize FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa or any additional indications that we may seek approval for, or any other product candidate that we may develop in the future, when approved, we must build and maintain marketing, sales, distribution, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services for each of the territories in which we may have approval to sell or market our product(s). There are risks involved with establishing and maintaining both our own commercial capabilities and entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services and we may not be successful in accomplishing these required tasks, which may negatively impact the successful commercialization of our product(s), including FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa, for example. 
 Establishing and maintaining an internal sales or marketing team with technical expertise and supporting distribution capabilities to commercialize our product candidates that we obtain approval to market will be expensive and time-consuming and will require significant attention of our executive officers to manage. Any failure or delay in the development of our internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities could adversely impact the commercialization of any of our product candidates that we obtain approval to market or if we do not have arrangements in place with third parties to provide such services on our behalf. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales team and establish marketing and other commercialization capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our commercialization personnel. Alternatively, if we choose to collaborate, either globally or on a territory-by-territory basis, with third parties that have direct sales forces and established distribution systems, either to augment our own sales force and distribution systems or in lieu of our own sales force and distribution systems, we will be required to negotiate and enter into arrangements with such third parties relating to the proposed collaboration and such arrangements may prove to be less profitable than commercializing the product on its own. If we are unable to enter into such arrangements when needed, on acceptable terms, or at all, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval, or any such commercialization may experience delays or limitations. We may have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products effectively. If we are unable to successfully commercialize our approved product candidates, either on our own or through collaborations with one or more third parties, our future product sales will suffer, and we may incur significant additional losses. 
 In order to successfully implement our plans and strategies, from time to time we may need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2024 , we had 53 full-time employees, including 34 employees engaged in research and development. In order to successfully implement our plans and strategies, from time to time we may need additional managerial, operational, development, sales, marketing, financial and other personnel. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 
 identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional employees; 
 managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical, FDA, EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory agencies review process for FYARRO and any other product candidates we may develop in the future, while complying with any contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties that we may have; and 
 improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 
 Our future financial performance and our ability to successfully develop and commercialize FYARRO and any other product candidates we may develop in the future, if approved, will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth, and our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of our attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. 
 We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations, advisors and consultants to provide certain services, including key aspects of clinical development and manufacturing. We cannot assure you that the services of independent organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by third-party service providers is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of FYARRO for additional indications and any other product candidates that we may develop in the future or otherwise advance our business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to manage our existing third-party service providers or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 
 If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and/or engaging additional third-party service providers, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize FYARRO and other product candidates that we may develop in the future and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. 
 Our internal computer systems, or those of any of our CROs, manufacturers, other contractors or consultants or potential future collaborators, may fail or suffer security or data privacy breaches or other unauthorized or improper access to, or use or other processing of, or destruction of our proprietary or confidential data, employee data, or personal data, which could result in additional costs, loss of revenue, significant liabilities, harm to our brand and material disruption of our operations. 
 Despite the implementation of security measures in an effort to protect systems that store our information, given their size and complexity and the increasing amounts of information maintained on our internal information technology systems, and those of our third-party CROs, other contractors (including sites performing our clinical trials) and consultants, these systems are potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other damage or interruption from service interruptions, system malfunction, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures, as well as security breaches and incidents from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, contractors, consultants, business partners, and/or other third parties, or from cyber-attacks by malicious third parties (including the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of systems and information), which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to the loss, destruction, alteration or dissemination of, or damage to, our data. As the cyber-threat landscape evolves, these attacks are growing in frequency, sophistication and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. These risks may be heightened due to the increasing number of our and our vendors' and contractors' personnel working remotely. Further geopolitical events such as wars and conflicts may increase the cybersecurity threats we and the third parties we work with face. Any disruption or security breach or incident resulting in a loss, destruction, unavailability, or unauthorized alteration, dissemination, or other processing of, or damage to, our data or applications, or for it to be believed or reported that any of these occurred, we could incur liability and reputational damage and the development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed. We cannot assure you that our data protection efforts and our investment in information technology, or the efforts or investments of CROs, consultants or other third parties, have prevented or will prevent significant breakdowns or breaches in systems or other cyber incidents that cause loss, destruction, unavailability, or unauthorized alteration, dissemination, or other processing of, or damage to, our data that could have a material adverse effect upon our reputation, business, operations or financial condition. For example, any such 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 event that were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations could result in a material disruption of our programs and the development of our product candidates could be delayed. In addition, the loss, unauthorized alteration, or unavailability of clinical trial data for our product candidates could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Furthermore, interruptions or other disruptions of our internal information technology systems or security breaches could result in the loss, misappropriation, and/or unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or other processing of, or the prevention of access to, data (including trade secrets or other confidential information, intellectual property, proprietary business information, and personal information or individually identifiable health information), which could result in financial, legal, business, and reputational harm to us. For example, any such event that leads or is perceived to lead to unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or other processing of individually identifiable health information or personal information, including such information regarding our clinical trial subjects or employees, could harm our reputation directly, compel us to comply with federal and/or state breach notification laws and foreign law equivalents, subject us to mandatory corrective action, and otherwise subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect the privacy and security of such information, which could result in significant legal and financial exposure and reputational damages that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Some of the federal, state and foreign government requirements include obligations of companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving particular information, which could result from breaches experienced by us or by our vendors, contractors or organizations with which we have formed strategic relationships. Notifications and follow-up actions related to a security incident could impact our reputation and cause us to incur significant costs, including legal expenses and remediation costs. We expect to incur significant costs in an effort to detect and prevent security incidents, and we may face increased costs and requirements to expend substantial resources in the event of an actual or perceived security breach or incident. We also rely on third parties to manufacture our product candidates, and similar events relating to their computer systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. Any disruption or security incident resulting or perceived to result, in any loss, destruction, or unauthorized alteration or other processing of, or damage to, our data (including personal information and other information relating to individuals, and our confidential or proprietary information or that of third parties), we could be exposed to claims, demands, litigation and governmental investigations and other proceedings, the further development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed, and we could be subject to significant fines, penalties, and other liabilities. 
 Our insurance policies may not be adequate to compensate us for the potential losses arising from any such disruption, failure or security breach of, or security incident of, or impacting, our systems or third-party systems where information important to our business operations or commercial development is stored or otherwise processed. In addition, such insurance may not be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Further, our insurance may not cover all claims made against us and could have high deductibles in any event, and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and divert management attention. 
 Our ability to utilize our net operating loss NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be limited. 
 Our NOL carryforwards may be unavailable to offset future taxable income because of restrictions under United States tax law. Our federal NOLs generated in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018 are only permitted to be carried forward for 20 taxable years under applicable United States federal tax law, and therefore could expire unused. Our federal NOLs generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of federal NOLs in tax years beginning after December 31, 2020 is limited to 80 of our current year taxable income. As of December 31, 2023, after consideration of the NOLs that have been estimated to expire unused under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), we had federal NOL carryforwards of approximately 187.2 million, 44.1 million of which will begin to expire in 2030 and the remaining 143.1 million do not expire. We also have state NOL carryforwards of approximately 92.0 million available as of December 31, 2023, which begin to expire in 2037. 
 Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (generally defined as a cumulative change in the corporation s ownership by 5-percent stockholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOLs and certain other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change taxable income may be limited. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. We have experienced such ownership changes in the past and we may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent changes in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside our control. To the extent such limitations will cause NOL and research and development credit carryforwards to expire unused, these tax attributes have been removed from our deferred tax assets. Our ability to utilize our NOLs and certain other tax attributes could be limited by an ownership change as described above and consequently, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our NOLs and certain other tax attributes, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and results of operations. Moreover, due to suspensions on the use of NOLs or other regulatory changes by certain jurisdictions, our NOLs could expire or otherwise 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. For example, in June 2024, California enacted legislation that limits the use of state NOLs for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2024 and before January 1, 2027. 
 Changes in tax laws could materially adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Legislation or other changes in United States and international tax laws could increase our tax liability and adversely affect after-tax profitability. For example, beginning in 2022, the legislation commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or the Tax Act, requires U.S. research and experimental expenditures to be capitalized and amortized ratably over a five-year period. Any such expenditures attributable to research conducted outside of the United States must be capitalized and amortized over a 15-year period. Further, in August 2022, the United States enacted the Inflation Reduction Act, which implemented a number of changes, including a 1 excise tax on stock buybacks and an alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income. Such enacted and other proposed changes, as well as regulations and legal decisions interpreting and applying these changes, may have significant impacts on our effective tax rate, cash tax expenses and net deferred tax assets in future periods. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends on our ability to protect and strengthen our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies, including our ability to obtain patent term extension for our product or any future product candidates. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection and trade secret protection in the United States and other countries for our product and product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses, and know-how related to our business, as well as our ability to operate without infringing upon the valid and enforceable patents and proprietary rights of others. We generally seek to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our product and product candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses that are important to our business. We also seek to protect our proprietary position by acquiring or in-licensing relevant issued patents or pending applications from third parties. We also rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. 
 Pending patent applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless, and until, patents issue from such applications, and then only to the extent the issued claims cover the technology. There can be no assurance that our patent applications or the patent applications of our licensors will result in additional patents being issued in any particular jurisdiction or that issued patents will afford sufficient protection against competitors with similar technology, nor can there be any assurance that the patents issued will not be infringed, designed around or invalidated by third parties. 
 Even issued patents may later be found invalid or unenforceable or may be modified or revoked in proceedings instituted by third parties before various patent offices or in courts. The degree of future protection for us and our licensors proprietary rights is uncertain. Only limited protection may be available and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. These uncertainties and/or limitations in our ability to properly protect the intellectual property rights relating to our product or product candidates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Although we own or license fourteen (14) issued patents in the United States, we cannot be certain that the claims in our other United States pending patent applications, corresponding international patent applications and patent applications in certain foreign territories, or those of our licensors, will be considered patentable by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO ), courts in the United States or by the patent offices and courts in foreign countries, nor can we be certain that the claims in our issued patent will not be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. 
 The patent application process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we or any of our current or potential future collaborators will be successful in protecting our product or product candidates by obtaining and defending patents. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 
 the USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent process, the noncompliance with which can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, and partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction; 
 patent applications may not result in any patents being issued; 
 if clinical trials encounter delays, the period of time during which we could market our current or future product candidates under patent protection would be reduced; 
 patents may be challenged, invalidated, modified, narrowed, revoked, circumvented, found to be unenforceable, found to be not infringed or otherwise may not provide any competitive advantage; 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 our competitors, many of whom have substantially greater resources than we do and many of whom have made significant investments in competing technologies, may seek or may have already obtained patents that could limit, interfere with or eliminate our ability to make, use and sell our product or potential product candidates or design around any of our owned, co-owned, or licensed patents; 
 since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that we were the first to either (i) file any patent application related to our product; or (ii) invent any of the inventions claimed in our patents or patent applications; 
 even when laws provide protection, costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and the outcome of such litigation would be uncertain. Moreover, any actions we may bring to enforce our intellectual property against our competitors could provoke them to bring counterclaims against us; 
 there may be significant pressure on the United States government and international governmental bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside the United States for disease treatments that prove successful, as a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health concerns; and 
 countries other than the United States may have patent laws less favorable to patentees than those upheld by United States courts, allowing foreign competitors a better opportunity to create, develop and market competing products or product candidates. 
 The patent prosecution process is also expensive, complex, and time-consuming, and we and our licensors may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner or in all jurisdictions where protection may be commercially advantageous. It is also possible that we and our licensors will fail to identify patentable aspects of our (or such licensor s) research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. If we are unable to obtain or maintain patent protection with respect to any of our proprietary products and technology we develop, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 In addition, although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our employees, outside scientific collaborators, CROs, third-party manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. 
 Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual property may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to our products. 
 If the scope of any patent protection we obtain is not sufficiently broad, or if we lose any of our patent protection, our ability to prevent our competitors from commercializing similar or identical products or product candidates would be adversely affected. 
 The patent position of biopharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents has emerged to date in the United States or in many foreign jurisdictions. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and we may encounter significant problems in protecting our proprietary rights in these countries. Our pending and future patent applications and those of our licensors may not result in patents being issued that protect our product or product candidates or effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive products or product candidates. 
 Moreover, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and our scope can be reinterpreted after issuance. Even if patent applications we own or in-licenses currently or in the future issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with us, or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Any patents that we own or in-licenses may be challenged or circumvented by third parties or may be narrowed or invalidated as a result of challenges by third parties. Consequently, we do not know whether our product or product candidates will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Our competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent our patents or the patents of our licensors by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our patents or the patents of our licensors may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. We may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the USPTO, or become involved in opposition, derivation, revocation, reexamination, post-grant review PGR and inter partes review IPR ), or other similar proceedings challenging our owned patent rights. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate or render unenforceable, our patent rights or put its patent applications at risk of not issuing, allow third parties to commercialize our product or product candidates and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. Moreover, our patents or the patents of our licensors may become subject to post-grant challenge proceedings, such as oppositions in a foreign patent office, which challenge our priority of invention or other features of patentability with respect to our patents and patent applications and those of our licensors. Such challenges may result in loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our product or product candidates. Such proceedings also may result in substantial cost and require significant time from our scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications or the patents and patent applications of our licensors is threatened, regardless of the outcome, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future products or product candidates. If any of our patents, if and when issued, covering our product candidates are invalidated or found unenforceable, our financial position and results of operations would be materially and adversely impacted. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we or any third-party initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded if we were to prevail may not be commercially meaningful. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to develop products that are similar to FYARRO or any future product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or license; 
 we or our licensors or collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patents or patent application that we own or license; 
 we or our licensors or collaborators might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; 
 others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 
 it is possible that the pending patent applications we own or license will not lead to issued patents; 
 issued patents that we own or license may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 
 our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 
 we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 
 the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business; and 
 we may choose not to file a patent in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent covering such intellectual property. 
 Should any of these events occur, it could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our commercial success depends significantly on our ability to operate without infringing the patents and other proprietary rights of third parties. Claims by third parties that we infringe their proprietary rights may result in liability for damages or prevent or delay our developmental and commercialization efforts. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Our commercial success depends in part on avoiding infringement or misappropriation of the patents, intellectual property and proprietary rights of third parties. However, our research, development and commercialization activities may be subject to claims that we infringe or otherwise violate patents or other intellectual property rights owned or controlled by third parties. Other entities may have or obtain patents or proprietary rights that could limit our ability to make, use, sell, offer for sale or import our products or products that may be approved in the future, or impair our competitive position. There is a substantial amount of litigation, both within and outside the United States, involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biopharmaceutical industry, including patent infringement lawsuits, oppositions, reexaminations, IPR proceedings and PGR proceedings before the USPTO and/or corresponding foreign patent offices. Numerous third-party United States and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications exist in the fields in which we are developing products or product candidates. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product or product candidates. 
 As the biopharmaceutical industry expands and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product or product candidates may be subject to claims of infringement of the patent rights of third parties. Because patent applications are maintained as confidential for a certain period of time, until the relevant application is published, we may be unaware of third-party patents that may be infringed by commercialization of our product or any of our product candidates, and we cannot be certain that we were the first to file a patent application related to a product or technology. Moreover, because patent applications can take many years to issue, and because patent claims can be revised before issuance, there may be currently pending patent applications that may later result in issued patents that our product or product candidates may infringe or which such third parties claim are infringed by our technologies. In addition, identification of third-party patent rights that may be relevant to our technology is difficult because patent searching is imperfect due to differences in terminology among patents, incomplete databases and the difficulty in assessing the meaning of patent claims. There is also no assurance that there is not prior art of which we are aware, but which we do not believe is relevant to our business, which may, nonetheless, ultimately be found to limit our ability to make, use, sell, offer for sale or import our products that may be approved in the future, or impair our competitive position. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. If a patent holder believes one or more of our products or product candidates infringes such holder s patent rights, the patent holder may sue us even if we have received patent protection. Moreover, we may face patent infringement claims from non-practicing entities that have no relevant drug revenue and against whom our own patent portfolio may thus have no deterrent effect. Any claims of patent infringement asserted by third parties would be time consuming and could: 
 result in costly litigation that may cause negative publicity; 
 divert the time and attention of our technical personnel and management; 
 cause development delays; 
 prevent us from commercializing any of our product candidates until the asserted patent expires or is held finally invalid or not infringed in a court of law; 
 require us to develop non-infringing technology, which may not be possible on a cost-effective basis; 
 subject us to significant liability to third parties; or 
 require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or which might be non-exclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same technology. 
 Although no third party has asserted a claim of patent infringement against us as of the date of this Quarterly Report, others may hold proprietary rights that could prevent FYARRO or our other product candidates that we may develop in the future from being marketed. For example, various patent offices periodically grant mode of action patents and a third party may have or obtain a patent with claims covering modes of action relevant to our product or product candidates. While these mode of action patents may be difficult to enforce, the third party may assert a claim of patent infringement directed at FYARRO or any other product candidates we may develop in the future. Any patent-related legal action or any claim relating to intellectual property infringement that is successfully asserted against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin commercial activities relating to our products or processes could subject us to significant liability for damages, including treble damages and attorney s fees if it was determined that we willfully infringed, and require us to obtain a license to manufacture or market our product or product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. We cannot predict whether we would prevail in any such actions or that any license required under any of these patents would be made available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Moreover, even if we or our current or future strategic partners were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 to the same intellectual property. In addition, we cannot be certain that we could redesign our product or product candidates or processes to avoid infringement, if necessary. Accordingly, an adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding, or the failure to obtain necessary licenses, could prevent or delay us from developing and commercializing our product or product candidates, which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, intellectual property litigation, regardless of our outcome, may cause negative publicity and could prohibit us from marketing or otherwise commercializing our product or product candidates and technology. 
 In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional funds or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to our product or product candidates that we may develop in the future through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 Because our development programs may in the future require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license, or use these third-party proprietary rights. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary for our product or product candidates that we may develop in the future. The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. Moreover, collaboration arrangements are complex and time-consuming to negotiate, document, implement and maintain. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish and implement collaborations or other alternative arrangements should we choose to enter into such arrangements. We may also be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would be favorable to us or allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license to intellectual property of interest, we may not be able to secure exclusive rights, in which case others could use the same rights and compete with us. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third party intellectual property rights or maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to abandon development of the relevant program or product candidate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits or other proceedings to protect or enforce our patents or intellectual property or our licensors patents or intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. Further, our issued patents or our licensors patents could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court. 
 Competitors and other third parties may infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate our patents and other intellectual property rights. To prevent infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent we own or in-license is not valid, is unenforceable and/or is not infringed. If we or any of our potential future collaborators were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent directed at one of our products or product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that our patent or the patent of our licensors is invalid and/or unenforceable in whole or in part. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge include an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, written description, non-enablement, or obviousness-type double patenting. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could include an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO or made a misleading statement during prosecution of the patent application. 
 Third parties may also raise similar invalidity claims before the USPTO or patent offices abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, PGR, IPR, derivation proceedings, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in the revocation of, cancellation of or amendment to our patents or our licensors patents in such a way that such patents no longer cover our technology or platform, product or any product candidates that we may develop. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a third party were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our technology or platform, product or any product candidates that we may develop. Such a loss of patent protection would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and/or unenforceability is unpredictable, and prior art could render our patents or our licensors patents invalid. There is no assurance that all potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 and patent applications, or the patents and patent applications of our licensors has been found. There is also no assurance that there is not prior art of which we are aware, but which we do not believe affects the validity or enforceability of a claim in our patents and patent applications or the patents and patent applications of our licensors, which may, nonetheless, ultimately be found to affect the validity or enforceability of a claim. 
 If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we may lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on such product or product candidate. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications or the patents and patent applications of our licensors is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future products or product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection would have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to our intellectual property rights may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could compromise our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation or other legal proceedings relating to our intellectual property rights, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation or other proceedings. 
 In addition, the issuance of a patent does not give us the right to practice the patented invention. Third parties may have blocking patents that could prevent us from marketing our own patented product and practicing our own patented technology. 
 Intellectual property litigation may lead to unfavorable publicity that harms our reputation and causes the market price of our common shares to decline. 
 During the course of any intellectual property litigation, there could be public announcements of the initiation of the litigation as well as results of hearings, rulings on motions, and other interim proceedings or developments in the litigation. If securities analysts or investors regard these announcements as negative, the perceived value of our product or product candidates, programs or intellectual property could be diminished. Accordingly, the market price of shares of our common stock may decline. Such announcements could also harm our reputation or the market for our future products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Derivation proceedings may be necessary to determine priority of inventions, and an unfavorable outcome may require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights from the prevailing party. 
 Derivation proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us or declared by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications or those of our licensors. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to us from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Our defense of derivation proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. In addition, the uncertainties associated with such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties or enter into development or manufacturing partnerships that would help us bring our product or product candidates to market. 
 Patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications or those of our licensors and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents or those of our licensors. 
 On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the Leahy-Smith Act ), was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to United States patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. In particular, under the Leahy-Smith Act, the United States transitioned in March 2013 to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that other requirements of patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent regardless of whether a third party was first to invent the claimed invention. A third party that files a patent application in the USPTO after March 2013 but before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we had made the invention 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 before it was made by such third party. This will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. Furthermore, our ability to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents depends on whether the differences between our technology and the prior art allow our technology to be patentable over the prior art. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing or until issuance, we may not be certain that we or our licensors are the first to either file any patent application related to our product or product candidates or invent any of the inventions claimed in the patents or patent applications. 
 The Leahy-Smith Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and also may affect patent litigation. These include allowing third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including PGR, IPR, and derivation proceedings. An adverse determination in any such submission or proceeding could reduce the scope or enforceability of, or invalidate, our patent rights, which could adversely affect our competitive position. 
 Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in United States federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. Thus, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications or those of our licensors and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents or those of our licensors, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Changes in United States patent law, or laws in other countries, could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product or product candidates. 
 As is the case with other pharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the pharmaceutical industry involve a high degree of technological and legal complexity. Therefore, obtaining and enforcing pharmaceutical patents is costly, time consuming and inherently uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or in the interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property and may increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. We cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patents or in third-party patents. In addition, Congress or other foreign legislative bodies may pass patent reform legislation that is unfavorable to us. 
 For example, the United States Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by the United States Congress, the United States federal courts, the USPTO, or similar authorities in foreign jurisdictions, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and the patents we might obtain or license in the future. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. 
 We may also be subject to claims that our former employees or our licensors or other third parties have an ownership interest in our patents or other intellectual property. Confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements may not be honored and may not effectively assign intellectual property rights to us. The assignment of intellectual property rights under these agreements may not be automatic upon the creation of the intellectual property or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against it, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or ownership. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and distraction to management and other employees. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product or product candidates that we may develop in the future for an adequate amount of time. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest United States non-provisional effective filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product or product 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 candidates that we may develop in the future are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to us. 
 If we do not obtain patent term extension for our product or product candidates that we may develop in the future, our business may be materially harmed. 
 In January 2022, we filed an application for patent term extension based on the approval of FYARRO for advanced malignant PEComa. Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA regulatory approval of our product candidates that we may develop in the future, one or more of our United States patents or those of our licensors may also be eligible for limited patent term restoration under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. A maximum of one patent may be extended per FDA approved product as compensation for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval and only those claims covering such approved drug product, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Patent term extension may also be available in certain foreign countries upon regulatory approval of our product candidates. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request or require. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or restoration or the term of any such extension is less than we request or require, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our revenue could be reduced, possibly materially. Further, if this occurs, our competitors may take advantage of our investment in development and trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Although we own, co-own, or have exclusively licensed at least fourteen (14) issued patents in the United States and pending patent applications in the United States and other countries, filing, prosecuting and defending patents on our product or product candidates in all countries and jurisdictions throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States could be less extensive than those in the United States, assuming that rights are obtained in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. In addition, the statutory deadlines for pursuing patent protection in individual foreign jurisdictions are based on the priority date of each of our p atent applications and we may not timely file foreign patent applications. 
 Further, the complexity and uncertainty of European patent laws have increased in recent years. In Europe, a new unitary patent system took effect June 1, 2023, which significantly impacts European patents, including those granted before the introduction of such a system. Under the unitary patent system, European applications have the option, upon grant of a patent, of becoming a Unitary Patent which will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Unitary Patent Court (the "UPC"). As the UPC is a new court system, there is no precedent for the court, increasing the uncertainty of any litigation. Patents granted before the implementation of the UPC will have the option of opting out of the jurisdiction of the UPC and remaining as national patents in the UPC countries. Patents that remain under the jurisdiction of the UPC will be potentially vulnerable to a single UPC-based revocation challenge that, if successful, could invalidate the patent in all countries who are signatories to the UPC. We cannot predict with certainty the long-term effects of these changes. 
 Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we do not pursue or have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our product or product candidates, and our patents, the patents of our licensors, or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. Even if we pursue and obtain issued patents in particular jurisdictions, our patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent third parties from so competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of many foreign countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or our licensors patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents or the patents of our licensors at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications or the patent applications of our licensors at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 Many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patent. If we are forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, documentary, fee payment and other requirements imposed by regulations and governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on our owned and in-licensed patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various foreign patent offices at various points over the lifetime of our patents and/or applications and those of our licensors and any patent rights we may own or license in the future. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and, in certain instances, we rely on our licensor partners to pay these fees when due. Additionally, the USPTO and various foreign patent offices require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process and over the lifetime of our owned patents and applications. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply, and in many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with rules applicable to the particular jurisdiction. However, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. If such an event were to occur, competitors or other third parties might be able to enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case and it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 We intend to use registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names to brand and market ourselves and our products. Our trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition among potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively, and our business may be adversely affected. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade secrets, domain names, copyrights or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 We also rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. In addition, we rely on the protection of our trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information to maintain our competitive position. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. For example, we may be required to share our trade secrets with third-party licensees, collaborators, consultants, contractors, or other advisors and we have limited control over the protection of trade secrets used by such third parties. Although we have taken steps to protect our trade secrets and unpatented know-how, including by entering into confidentiality agreements with third parties a nd confidential information and inventions agreements with employees, consultants and advisors, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed or that they have been obtained in all circumstances, and it is possible that any of these parties may breach the agreements and may unintentionally or willfully disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. In addition, these agreements typically restrict the ability of our collaborators, 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 advisors, employees and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets. Our academic collaborators typically have rights to publish data, provided that we are notified in advance and may delay publication for a specified time in order to secure our intellectual property rights arising from the collaboration. In other cases, publication rights are controlled exclusively by us, although in some cases we may share these rights with other parties. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally obtained, disclosed, used or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. 
 Moreover, third parties may still obtain this information or may come upon this or similar information independently, and we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation or other proceedings, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation or proceedings. If any of these events occurs or if we otherwise lose protection for our trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information, the value of this information may be greatly reduced, and our competitive position in the marketplace, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected. If we do not apply for patent protection prior to such publication or if we cannot otherwise maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary technology and other confidential information, then our ability to obtain patent protection or to protect our trade secret information may be jeopardized. 
 We may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged confidential information or trade secrets. 
 We have entered into and will enter in the future into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements to protect the proprietary positions of third parties, such as outside scientific collaborators, CROs, third-party manufacturers, consultants, advisors, potential partners, and other third parties. We may become subject to litigation where a third party asserts that we or our employees, consultants or advisors inadvertently or otherwise breached the agreements and used or disclosed trade secrets or other information proprietary to the third parties. Defense of such matters, regardless of their merit, could involve substantial litigation expense and be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. We cannot predict whether we would prevail in any such actions. Moreover, intellectual property litigation, regardless of its outcome, may cause negative publicity and could prohibit us from marketing or otherwise commercializing our product or product candidates and technology. Failure to defend against any such claim could subject us to significant liability for monetary damages or prevent or delay our developmental and commercialization efforts, which could adversely affect our business. 
 We may be subject to claims that we have wrongfully hired an employee from a competitor or that we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged confidential information or trade secrets of their former employers. 
 As is common in the pharmaceutical industry, in addition to our employees, we engage the services of consultants to assist us in the development of our product or any future product candidates. Many of these consultants, and many of our employees, were previously employed at, or may have previously provided or may be currently providing consulting services to, other pharmaceutical companies including competitors or our potential competitors. We may become subject to claims that we, our employees or a consultant inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other information proprietary to their former employers or their former or current clients. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel, which could adversely affect our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management team and other employees. 
 Our rights to develop and commercialize our technology, product and product candidates that we may develop in the future may be subject, in part, to the terms and conditions of licenses granted to us by others. 
 We have entered into license agreements with third parties and we may enter into additional license agreements in the future with others to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product or product candidates that we may develop in the future. These and other licenses may not provide exclusive rights to use such intellectual property and technology in all relevant fields of use and in all territories in which we may wish to develop or commercialize our technology and products in the future. 
 In addition, subject to the terms of any such license agreements, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing, prosecution, maintenance, enforcement, and defense of patents and patent applications covering the technology that we license from third parties. In such an event, we cannot be certain that these patents and patent applications will be prepared, filed, prosecuted, maintained, enforced, and defended in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If our licensors fail to prosecute, maintain, enforce, and defend such patents, or lose rights to those patents or 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 patent applications, the rights we had licensed may be reduced or eliminated, and our rights to develop and commercialize any of our products that are subject of such licensed rights could be adversely affected. 
 Our licensors may have relied on third-party consultants or collaborators or on funds from third parties such that our licensors are not the sole and exclusive owners of the patents we in-licensed. If other third parties have ownership rights to our in-licensed patents, they may be able to license such patents to our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. This could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 It is possible that we may be unable to obtain additional licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to redesign our technology, product, product candidates, or the methods for manufacturing them or to develop or license replacement technology, all of which may not be feasible on a technical or commercial basis. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected product or product candidates, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects significantly. We cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist which might be enforced against our current technology, manufacturing methods, product or future methods or product candidates resulting in either an injunction prohibiting our manufacture, sales or future sales, or, with respect to our future sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation to third parties, which could be significant. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 Disputes may arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 
 whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 
 our right to sublicense patents and other rights to third parties; 
 our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 
 our right to transfer or assign the license; 
 the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by us and our licensors and partners; and 
 the priority of invention of patented technology. 
 In addition, the agreements under which we license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product or product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 In spite of our best efforts, our licensors might conclude that we have materially breached our license agreements and might therefore terminate the license agreements, thereby removing our ability to develop and commercialize products and technology covered by these license agreements. If these in-licenses are terminated, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors would have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical to ours. This could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 The patent protection and patent prosecution for our product and product candidates that we may develop in the future may be dependent on third parties. 
 While we normally seek to obtain the right to control prosecution, maintenance and enforcement of the patents relating to our product or product candidates that we may develop in the future, there may be times when the filing and prosecution activities for patents are controlled by our licensors or collaboration partners, including those licensed to us under our license agreements. If any of our licensors or collaboration partners fail to prosecute, maintain and enforce such patents and 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 patent applications in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business, including by payment of all applicable fees for patents covering our product or product candidates that we may develop in the future, we could lose our rights to the intellectual property or our exclusivity with respect to those rights, our ability to develop and commercialize our product or those product candidates may be adversely affected and we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using and selling competing products. We collaborate with other companies and institutions with respect to research and development matters. Also, we rely on numerous third parties to provide us with materials that we use to develop our technology. If we cannot successfully negotiate sufficient ownership, licensing, and/or commercial rights to any invention that result from our use of any third-party collaborator s materials, or if disputes arise with respect to the intellectual property developed with the use of a collaborator s materials, or data developed in a collaborator s study, our ability to capitalize on the market potential of these inventions or developments may be limited or precluded altogether. In addition, even where we have the right to control patent prosecution of patents and patent applications we have licensed to and from third parties, we may still be adversely affected or prejudiced by actions or inactions of our licensees, our licensors and their counsel that took place prior to the date upon which we assumed control over patent prosecution. 
 Intellectual property discovered through government funded programs may be subject to federal regulations such as march-in rights, certain reporting requirements and a preference for United States-based companies. Compliance with such regulations may limit our exclusive rights and limit our ability to contract with non-United States manufacturers. 
 Our licensed patent applications may have been or may be in the future supported through the use of United States government funding awarded by the National Institute of Health or the FDA Office of Orphan Products Development and the Army Medical Research and Development Command. Although we do not currently own issued patents or pending patent applications that have been generated through the use of United States government funding, we have licensed, or may acquire or license in the future, intellectual property rights that have been generated through the use of United States government funding or grant. Pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act of 1980, the United States government has certain rights in inventions developed with government funding. These United States government rights include a non-exclusive, non-transferable, irrevocable worldwide license to use inventions for any governmental purpose. In addition, the United States government has the right, under certain limited circumstances, to require us to grant exclusive, partially exclusive, or non-exclusive licenses to any of these inventions to a third party if it determines that: (1) adequate steps have not been taken to commercialize the invention; (2) government action is necessary to meet public health or safety needs; or (3) government action is necessary to meet requirements for public use under federal regulations march-in rights ). The United States government also has the right to take title to these inventions if the grant recipient fails to disclose the invention to the government or fails to file an application to register the intellectual property within specified time limits. Intellectual property generated under a government funded program is also subject to certain reporting requirements, compliance with which may require us to expend substantial resources. In addition, the United States government requires that any products embodying any of these inventions or produced through the use of any of these inventions be manufactured substantially in the United States. This preference for United States industry may be waived by the federal agency that provided the funding if the owner or assignee of the intellectual property can show that reasonable but unsuccessful efforts have been made to grant licenses on similar terms to potential licensees that would be likely to manufacture substantially in the United States or that under the circumstances domestic manufacture is not commercially feasible. This preference for United States industry may limit our ability to contract with non-United States product manufacturers for products covered by such intellectual property. 
 General Risks 
 Litigation and legal proceedings may substantially increase our costs and harm our business. 
 As described in Note 12 (Commitments and contingencies) to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, w e have been, are, and may in the future become, party to lawsuits and legal proceedings including, without limitation, actions and proceedings in the ordinary course of business relating to our collaboration partners, directors, officers, stockholders, intellectual property rights, employment matters and the safety or efficacy of our products, which will cause us to incur legal fees and other costs related thereto, including potential expenses for the reimbursement of legal fees of officers and directors under indemnification obligations. For example, in June 2022, EOC filed a Request for Arbitration with the International Chamber of Commerce s International Court of Arbitration against us. In the Request for Arbitration, EOC claimed that we breached certain provisions of the EOC License Agreement, including failing to provide certain manufacturing information to EOC. As a result, we became party to a lengthy arbitration process and, although we were found not liable for any damages to EOC in the arbitration panel s final award in September 2024, we nevertheless experienced management distraction and incurred significant legal fees to defend ourselves . 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 The expense of defending against litigation and legal proceedings may be significant and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in any defense. Further, the amount of time that may be required to resolve such lawsuits or legal proceedings is unpredictable, and these actions may divert management s attention from the day-to-day operations of our business, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and cash flows. Our insurance carriers may deny coverage, may be inadequately capitalized to pay on valid claims, or our policy limits may be inadequate to fully satisfy any damage awards or settlements. If this were to happen, the payment of any such awards could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operations, cash flows and financial position. Additionally, any such claims, whether or not successful, could damage our reputation and business. Litigation and legal proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in such matters that may arise from time to time could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our stock price is volatile. 
 The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations. From the completion of the Merger on August 26, 2021 through September 30, 2024, the closing price for our common stock ranged from a low of 1.21 to a high of 33.00 per share. Market prices for securities of early-stage pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and other life sciences companies have historically been particularly volatile. Some of the factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate include: 
 our ability to obtain regulatory approvals for FYARRO in other indications or for any other product candidates that we may develop in the future, and delays or failures to obtain such approvals; 
 the results of current, and any future, nonclinical or clinical trials of FYARRO or any of our product candidates that we may develop in the future; 
 the failure of FYARRO or any product candidates that we may develop in the future, if approved for marketing and commercialization, to achieve commercial success; 
 any inability to obtain adequate supply of FYARRO or any of our product candidates that we may develop in the future or the inability to do so at acceptable prices; 
 the entry into, or termination of, key agreements, including key licensing, supply or collaboration agreements; 
 adverse regulatory authority decisions; 
 the initiation of material developments in, or conclusion of, disputes or litigation to enforce or defend any of our intellectual property rights or defend against the intellectual property rights of others; 
 changes in laws or regulations applicable to FYARRO or any of our product candidates that we may develop in the future; 
 announcements by commercial partners or competitors of new commercial products, clinical progress (or the lack thereof), significant contracts, commercial relationships, or capital commitments; 
 failure to meet or exceed financial and development projections we may provide to the public; 
 failure to meet or exceed the financial and development projections of the investment community; 
 the perception of the pharmaceutical industry by the public, legislatures, regulators and the investment community; 
 general market conditions and other factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors, including turmoil in the global banking system, deteriorating market conditions due to investor concerns regarding inflation and conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East; 
 adverse publicity relating to our markets, including with respect to other products and potential products in such markets; 
 the introduction of technological innovations or new therapies competing with our products and potential products; 
 announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic collaborations, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 
 disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters, and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; 
 the hiring or loss of key employees; 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 
 if securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our business and stock; 
 changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 
 general and industry-specific economic conditions potentially affecting our research and development expenditures; 
 sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future, or the anticipation thereof; 
 trading volume of our common stock; 
 changes in the structure of health care payment systems; 
 adverse regulatory decisions; 
 trading volume of our common stock; and 
 period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results. 
 Moreover, the stock markets in general have experienced substantial volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of individual companies or the biotechnology sector. These broad market fluctuations may also adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, stockholders have often instituted class action securities litigation against those companies. Regardless of the merits or the ultimate results of such litigation, if instituted, such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation. 
 Additionally, a decrease in our stock price may cause our common stock to no longer satisfy the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. If we are not able to maintain the requirements for listing on Nasdaq, we could be delisted, which could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to raise additional funds as well as the price and liquidity of our common stock. 
 We must maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, and if we are unable to do so, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 
 We must maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in order to accurately and timely report our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, as a public company, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we assess the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures quarterly and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at the end of each fiscal year. We rely heavily on direct management oversight of transactions, along with the use of legal and outsourced accounting professionals. Although we may implement, document, and modify policies and procedures to maintain effective internal controls, we may identify deficiencies and weaknesses or fail to remediate previously identified deficiencies in our internal controls. 
 The rules governing the standards that must be met for our management to assess our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. These stringent standards require that our audit committee be advised and regularly updated on management s review of internal control over financial reporting. Our management may not be able to effectively and timely implement controls and procedures that adequately respond to the increased regulatory compliance and reporting requirements that are applicable to us as a public company. If we fail to staff our accounting, finance and information technology functions adequately or maintain internal control over financial reporting adequate to meet the demands that are placed upon us as a public company, including the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our business and reputation may be harmed and our stock price may decline. Furthermore, investor perceptions of us may be adversely affected, which could cause a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our results of operation could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and estimates and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, equity, and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. For example, management makes judgments and 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 assumptions regarding our product sales based on our interpretation of ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customer ("Topic 606"). The revenue standard is principle-based, and interpretation of those principles may vary from company to company based on their unique circumstances. It is possible that interpretation, industry practice and guidance may evolve as we apply the new standard. If our assumptions underlying our estimates and judgements relating to our critical accounting policies change or if actual circumstances differ from our assumptions, estimates or judgements, our operating results may be adversely affected and could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 If Nasdaq delists our shares of common stock from trading on its exchange for failure to meet Nasdaq s listing standards, we and our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences including: 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 reduced liquidity for our securities; 
 a determination that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 
 a limited amount of new and analyst coverage; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 Sales of a sub stantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, including by our existing stockholders, could cause our stock price to fall. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that these sales and others may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 On February 12, 2024, we filed a universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-277018) (the Shelf Registration Statement ), which became effective on April 30, 2024. No securities have yet been sold under the Shelf Registration Statement. We have established, and may in the future establish, at-the-market programs pursuant to which we may offer and sell shares of our common stock pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement. SEC rules provide that companies with a public float of less than 75 million may only sell shares under a Form S-3 shelf registration statement, during any 12-month period, in an amount less than or equal to one-third of the public float. If we do not meet this public float requirement, any offering by us under the Shelf Registration Statement or any future registration statement on Form S-3 that we may file with the SEC will be limited to raising an aggregate of one-third of our public float in any 12-month period. 
 Our directors and employees may sell our stock through 10b5-1 trading plans or in the market during open windows under our insider trading policy without such plans in place. Sales of our common stock by our officers, directors, holders of 5 or more of our capital stock and their respective affiliates, and employees could be perceived negatively by investors or cause downward pressure on our common stock and cause a reduction in the price of our common stock as a result. We have also registered shares of our common stock that we may issue under our employee equity incentive plans. These shares will be able to be sold freely in the public market upon issuance. 
 SEC regulations limit the amount of funds that we can raise during any 12-month period pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3. 
 SEC regulations limit the amount that companies with a public float of less than 75 million may raise during any 12-month period pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3. As of the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we are subject to General Instruction I.B.6 to Form S-3, referred to as the baby shelf rules. Under these regulations, the amount of funds we can raise through primary public offerings of securities in any 12-month period using a registration statement on Form S-3 is limited to one-third of the aggregate market value of the shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates of the Company. Therefore, we will be limited in the amount of proceeds we are able to raise by selling shares of our common stock using a Form S-3 until such time as our public float exceeds 75 million. Furthermore, if we are required to file a new registration statement on another form, it may incur additional costs and be subject to delays due to review by the SEC staff. 
 Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our common stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Our executive officers, directors, holders of 5 or more of our capital stock and their respective affiliates beneficially own a significant portion of our outstanding voting stock. 
 These stockholders, acting together, may be able to impact matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, they may be able to impact the elections of directors, amendments to our organizational documents or approval of any merger, sale of assets or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. The interests of this group of stockholders may not a lways coincide with your interests or the interests of other stockholder and they may act in a manner that advances their best interests and not necessarily those of other stockholders, including seeking a premium value for their common stock, and might affect the prevailing market price for our common stock. 
 Unfavorable market and global economic conditions as a result of multiple global events, adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, increasing interest rates and general economic downturns, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 While the potential economic impact brought by multiple adverse global circumstances, such as conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, potential uncertainty related to Taiwan and its relationship with China, increasing interest rates, adverse developments affecting the financial services industry and general economic downturns are difficult to assess or predict, both as to magnitude and duration, these events have resulted in, and may continue to result in, extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets, reducing our ability to raise additional capital through equity, equity-linked or debt financings, which could negatively impact our short-term and long-term liquidity and our ability to operate in accordance with our operating plan, or at all. Additionally, our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and financial markets. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including, weakened demand for FYARRO or our any of our future product candidates and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy could also strain our suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption, or cause our customers to delay making payments for our services. In the event of prolonged business interruptions due to geopolitical events, we could incur significant losses, require substantial recovery time and experience significant expenditures in order to resume our business or clinical operations. We have no operations in the Middle East, Russia, Belarus or Ukraine, but we do not and cannot know if the current uncertainties in these geopolitical areas, which are unfolding in real-time, may escalate and result in broad economic and security conditions or rationing of medical supplies, which could limit our ability to conduct clinical trials outside the United States or result in material implications for our business. In addition, our insurance policies typically contain a war exclusion of some description and we do not know how our insurers are likely to respond in the event of a loss alleged to have been caused by geopolitical uncertainties. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 
 In addition, actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ), as receiver, and on March 27, 2023, First-Citizens Bank Trust Company assumed all of SVB s customer deposits and certain other liabilities and acquired substantially all of SVB's loans and certain other assets from the FDIC. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. While we only had a minimal amount of our cash directly at SVB and, since that date, the FDIC has stated that all depositors of SVB would be made whole, and First-Citizens Bank Trust Company has assumed our deposits from SVB, there is no guarantee that the federal government would guarantee all depositors as they did with SVB depositors in the event of further bank closures and continued instability in the global banking system may adversely impact our business and financial condition. 
 Although we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. 
 Our operations and performance may be affected by political or civil unrest or military action, including the current conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, terrorist activity, unstable governments and legal systems. As a result of global economic conditions, some third-party payers may delay or be unable to satisfy their reimbursement obligations. Job losses or other economic hardships may also affect patients ability to afford healthcare as a result of increased co-pay or deductible obligations, greater cost sensitivity to existing co-pay or deductible obligations, lost healthcare insurance coverage or for other reasons. Our ability to conduct clinical trials in regions experiencing political or civil unrest could negatively affect clinical trial enrollment or the timely completion of a clinical trial. We believe the aforementioned economic conditions could lead to reduced demand for our drug products, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, business and results of operations. 
 Additionally, there is ongoing uncertainty regarding the federal budget and federal spending levels, including the possible impacts of a failure to increase the debt ceiling. Any U.S. government default on its debt could have broad macroeconomic effects that could, among other things, disrupt access to capital markets and deepen recessionary conditions. Further, as of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of 62.6 million, consisting of U.S. government treasury bills, commercial paper, and corporate debt securities. Any default by the U.S. government or credit downgrade of the securities we hold could impact the liquidity or valuation of our investments. 
 We, or the third parties upon whom we depend, may be adversely affected by earthquakes, wildfires and other natural disasters, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 
 Any unplanned event, such as flood, fire, explosion, earthquake, extreme weather condition, medical epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, power shortage, telecommunication failure, cyberattacks, geopolitical tensions, including those related to the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East or other natural or man-made accidents or incidents that result in us being unable to fully utilize our facilities, or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party CMOs, may have a material and adverse effect on our ability to operate our business, particularly on a daily basis, and have significant negative consequences on our financial and operating conditions. Loss of access to these facilities may result in increased costs, delays in the development of our product candidate or interruption of our business operations. Earthquakes, wildfires or other natural disasters could further disrupt our operations, including at our California headquarters, and have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as our research facilities or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party CMOs, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible, for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which, could have a material adverse effect on our business. As part of our risk management policy, we maintain insurance coverage at levels that we believe are appropriate for our business. However, in the event of an accident or incident at these facilities, we cannot assure you that the amounts of insurance will be sufficient to satisfy any damages and losses. If our facilities, or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party CMOs, are unable to operate because of an accident or incident or for any other reason, even for a short period of time, any or all of our research and development programs may be harmed. Any business interruption may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We are a smaller reporting company. We cannot be certain whether the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors or otherwise limit our ability to raise additional funds. 
 We are a smaller reporting company under applicable securities regulations. A smaller reporting company is a company that (i) as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter has an aggregate market value of the company s voting stock held by non-affiliates, or public float, of less than 250 million or (ii) for the most recently completed fiscal year has less than 100 million in revenue and as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter has less than 700 million in public float. In addition, a smaller reporting company is able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in its filings and has certain other reduced disclosure obligations in our SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. Reduced disclosure in our SEC filings due to our status as a smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. 
 We do not anticipate that we will pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 The current expectation is that we will retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be stockholders sole source of gain, if any, for the foreseeable future. 
 If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research or reports, about us, our business or our market, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or equity research analysts publish about us and our business. Equity research analysts may elect not to provide research coverage of our common stock, and such lack of research coverage may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In the event we do have equity research analyst coverage, we will not have any control over the analysts, or the content and opinions included in their reports. The price of our common stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts downgrade our stock or issue other unfavorable commentary or research. If one or more equity research analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult and may prevent attempts our stockholders to replace or remove our management. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent an acquisition or a change in management. These provisions include a classified board of directors, a prohibition on actions by written consent of our stockholders, and the ability of the board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), which prohibits stockholders owning in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us in certain circumstances. Although we believe these provisions collectively will provide for an opportunity to receive higher bids by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors, they would apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove then current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of the board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of management. 
 Our bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 
 Our bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) is the sole and exclusive forum for any state law claims for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees or our stockholders to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provisions of the DGCL, or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws (including the interpretation, validity or enforceability thereof), or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided, that these choice of forum provisions do not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. The amended and restated bylaws provide that the federal district courts are the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in the bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of our bylaws described above. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 During our last fiscal quarter, none of our directors or officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a , as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408. 
 , , a , a trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c), which had been originally adopted on September 20, 2021, as replaced on December 1, 2022. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index immediately preceding such exhibits, which is incorporated herein by reference, are filed or furnished as part of this Quarterly Report. 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 27, 2021). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 7, 2022). 
 10.1# Form of Retention Bonus Letters with executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38560) filed with the SEC on September 19, 2024). 
 10.2 + Amendment No.3 to the Negotiated Purchase Order Terms and Conditions for Clinical and Commercial Product, effective as of July 31, 2024, by and between Aadi Bioscience, Inc. and Fresenius Kabi, LLC . 
 10.3 # Transition Agreement and Release by and between Neil Desai and Aadi Bioscience, Inc., dated October 16, 2024 . 
 10.4 # Transition Agreement and Release by and between Loretta Itri and Aadi Bioscience, Inc., dated September 16, 2024 . 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document.) 
 Filed herewith. 
 The certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to be furnished with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and will not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 + Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 
 # Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 AADI BIOSCIENCE, INC. Date: November 6, 2024 
 By: /s/ Scott Giacobello 
 Scott Giacobello 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Duly Authorized Officer) 
 
 103 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 exhibit102amendmentno03fk.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 
 Certain identified information marked with has been excluded from this exhibit because it is not material and is of the type that the registrant treats as private and confidential 

 AMENDMENT NO. 03 to 
 NEGOTIATED PURCHASE ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 FOR CLINICAL AND COMMERCIAL PRODUCT 
 
 This Amendment No. 03 to the Negotiated Purchase Order Terms and Conditions for Clinical and Commercial Product, with a last signed date of January 13, 2022, Amendment 03 is made effective as of July 31, 2024 Amendment Effective Date by and between Fresenius Kabi, LLC, a Delaware company having a principal place of business at Three Corporate Drive, Lake Zurich, IL 60047 FRESENIUS KABI ), and AADi Bioscience, Inc., a Delaware corporation having a principal address at 17383 Sunset Blvd., Suite A 250, Pacific Palisades, CA 90272 AADI or Customer ). Fresenius Kabi and AADI may hereafter be referred to collectively as the Parties and individually as a Party . 
 WHEREAS, FRESENIUS KABI and AADI are Parties to the Negotiated Purchase Order Terms and Conditions for Clinical and Commercial Product with a last signed date of January 13, 2022, as amended by Amendment 01 effective as of August 1, 2022 and Amendment 02 effective as of March 31, 2024 Agreement or Negotiated Terms and Conditions for Commercial Product and 
 WHEREAS, the Parties mutually desire to amend, modify and restate certain terms and conditions of the Agreement. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, it is mutually agreed as follows 
 1. DEFINITIONS 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized words in this Amendment 03 shall have the meaning attributed to them in the Agreement. 
 2. AMENDMENTS 
 The Parties agree that, as of the Amendment Effective Date, the Agreement is further amended as set forth in this Section 2. 
 2.1 The following sentences shall be added to the end of second paragraph on page 1 of the Agreement 
 The Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to agree in writing, and subject to a quotation signed by both Parties, on activities related to process performance qualification, stability testing and other activities required for Product forecasted in Exhibit G of this Amendment 03 prior to manufacture of such Product. 
 2.2 Section 3 subsection a) shall be deleted and replaced by the following new Section 3 subsection a) 
 3) Forecasts and Facility Relocation 
 a. FRESENIUS KABI acknowledges that it has received from AADI an updated forecast for required manufacturing slots Product Manufacturing Timing 

Exhibit 10.2 
 Certain identified information marked with has been excluded from this exhibit because it is not material and is of the type that the registrant treats as private and confidential 

 Estimates or Forecast setting forth AADI s good faith estimate of its expected timing of manufacture of Product and Product for the period beginning on the Effective Date and concluding September 30, 2024, as specified in Exhibit G. For clarity, in this Amendment 03, only manufacturing slots on or after are indicated in Exhibit G. 
 2.3 Section 31 (Term Termination) shall be deleted and replaced by the following new Section 31 
 31) Term Termination The term of this Agreement begins upon FRESENIUS KABI s acceptance of the purchase order and continues until September 30, 2024, subject to the terms that survive expiration or termination of this Agreement (i.e., Sections 2, 4, 19, 21, and 26-31), provided that purchase orders have been placed by AADI pursuant to the second paragraph on page 1 and the terms of this Agreement. 
 Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, no Party shall have any obligation to make any further payments to the other, except for amounts accrued prior to expiration or termination. Further, any purchase orders for Product or Product confirmed by FRESENIUS KABI with a batch manufacturing date prior to expiration or termination of the term of this Agreement shall be delivered by FRESENIUS KABI and shall be paid by AADI in full pursuant to this Agreement. Except as otherwise agreed upon by the Parties and except for any purchase order AADI may submit requesting a manufacturing date in , AADI may terminate a purchase order submitted under this Agreement within of FRESENIUS KABI s confirmation of the purchase order. AADI may not terminate a confirmed purchase order under this Agreement after such period. 
 2.4 Exhibit G shall be deleted and replaced with Exhibit G attached to this Amendment 03. 
 3. INTEGRATION 
 Except for the sections of the Agreement specifically amended hereunder, all terms and conditions of the Agreement remain and shall remain in full force and effect. This Amendment 03 shall hereafter be incorporated into and deemed part of the Agreement and any future reference to the Agreement shall include the terms and conditions of this Amendment 03. 
 4. APPLICABLE LAW & JURISDICTION 
 This Amendment 03 shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws which govern the Agreement, and the Parties submit to the jurisdiction and dispute resolution provisions as set forth in the Agreement. 

signature page follows immediately hereafter 

Exhibit 10.2 
 Certain identified information marked with has been excluded from this exhibit because it is not material and is of the type that the registrant treats as private and confidential 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Party is signing this Amendment 03 on the date stated opposite that Party s signature. 
 
 AADi Bioscience, Inc. 

By _ s Scott Giacobello _______________ Date ___ 8 6 2024 _________ 
 Name Scott Giacobello 
 Title CFO 

AADi Bioscience, Inc. 

By __ s David Lennon _______________ Date ____8 7 2024 _______ 
 Name Dave Lennon 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

Fresenius Kabi, LLC 

By __ s Anthony Pavell __________ Date ___ 8 6 2024________ 
 Name Anthony Pavell 
 Title Plant Manager 

Fresenius Kabi, LLC 

By _ s Saleem Farooqui __________ Date __ 8 6 2024 ________ 
 Name Saleem Farooqui 
 Title EVP BU Pharma 

Exhibit 10.2 
 Certain identified information marked with has been excluded from this exhibit because it is not material and is of the type that the registrant treats as private and confidential 

 Exhibit G 
 FORECAST 2024 Product Manufacturing Timing Estimates for 2024 starting 
 
 Batch # 
 Month Year 
 Batch Size 
 Target Vials 
 Description 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 exhibit103ndesaitransition.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 
 Exhibit 10.3 

 TRANSITION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE 
 This Transition Agreement and Release Agreement is made by and between Neil Desai Executive and Aadi Bioscience, Inc. (the Company (jointly referred to as the Parties or individually referred to as a Party ). The Company includes its subsidiaries and their respective successors, including the entity that employs Executive, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, Executive is employed by the Company as its Executive Chairman 
 WHEREAS, Executive signed an Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement with the Company on November 8, 2022 that became effective as of January 1, 2023 (the Employment Agreement 
 WHEREAS, Executive signed an Confidentiality and Invention Assignment with Aadi, LLC (a predecessor to the Company) dated December 19, 2016 (the Confidentiality Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Company has granted to Executive options to purchase shares of Company common stock (the Options that are evidenced by Stock Option Agreements that were granted subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s applicable equity incentive plans (collectively the Equity Documents as set forth on Exhibit A 
 WHEREAS, the Company and Executive have determined Executive s employment with the Company as Executive Chairman will end on October 1, 2024 (the Separation Date 
 WHEREAS, following the Separation Date, Executive will continue to serve as a member of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board and 
 WHEREAS, the Parties wish to resolve any and all disputes, claims, complaints, grievances, charges, actions, petitions, and demands that Executive may have against the Company and any of the Releasees as defined below, including, but not limited to, any and all claims arising out of or in any way related to Executive s employment with or separation from the Company. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows 
 COVENANTS 
 1. Consideration . In consideration of Executive s execution of this Agreement and Executive s fulfillment of all of its terms and conditions, and provided that Executive does not revoke the Agreement under Section 6 below, the Parties agree as follows 
 a. Severance. The Company agrees to pay Executive a total of 1,072,539, which is equal to eighteen (18) months of Executive s base salary and 150 of Executive s actual bonus for 2023, in equal installments over a period of eighteen (18) months following the Separation Date in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices provided, however, that the first payment will occur on the first regular payroll date following the Effective Date, and if necessary, will include any payments that would have otherwise been made following the Separation Date, but for the fact that the Effective Date of the Agreement had yet to occur. 
 b. 2024 Bonus . In respect of the Company s 2024 fiscal year, Executive shall not receive a bonus award (the 2024 Bonus ). 
 c. COBRA. The Company will pay on behalf of Executive the Company s share of benefit premium payments for Executive s COBRA coverage for a period of eighteen (18) months, or until Executive has secured health insurance coverage through another employer, 

Exhibit 10.3 

 whichever occurs first, provided Executive timely elects and pays for continuation coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), within the time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA. 
 d. Board Membership . The Company hereby agrees and acknowledges that notwithstanding the terms of the Employment Agreement that Executive will not be required to resign as a member of the Board as a condition to receiving the severance payments and benefits set forth herein. Executive agrees and acknowledges that the Board will be under no obligation to nominate Executive for continued service on the Board. Commencing on October 1, 2024, Executive as a non-employee director will be eligible to receive (i) cash compensation (on a pro rata basis) for the period from October 1, 2024 to the Company s next Annual Meeting , and (ii) annual awards commencing at such time as the Company s next Annual Meeting under, and in accordance with the terms of, the Company s Outside Director Compensation Policy. 
 e. Change of Control Protection . The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that Section 7(b) of the Employment Agreement shall remain in effect through December 31, 2024. If a Change of Control (as defined in the Employment Agreement) occurs prior to such date, to the extent Section 7(b) of the Employment Agreement would result in additional payments or benefits being provided to Executive pursuant to its terms, the Company shall provide such payments or benefits to the Executive, subject to Executive executing and not revoking a separation agreement and release of claims substantially in the form of this Agreement that becomes effective and irrevocable within sixty (60) days of the Change in Control. 
 f. Acknowledgement . Executive acknowledges that without this Agreement, Executive is otherwise not entitled to the consideration listed in this Section 1. 
 2. Equity . The Parties agree that as of the Separation Date, Executive s outstanding and unvested equity awards subject solely to service-based vesting (i.e., not to include awards subject to performance vesting) will accelerate vesting as to the number of shares of Company common stock subject to such awards that would have otherwise vested had Executive continued to be employed by the Company for an additional eighteen (18) months following termination of Executive s employment. In addition, after applying such acceleration to the full vesting schedule (i.e., treating the full schedule as having been accelerated by 18 months) of all applicable equity awards, Executive will continue vesting in the Options for the duration of the time he continues to serve as a member of the Board, in accordance with, and pursuant to, the terms and conditions of the Equity Documents. The Parties agree that for purposes of determining the number of shares of the Company s common stock the Executive is entitled to purchase from the Company, pursuant to the exercise of outstanding Options, after giving effect to the acceleration described herein, Executive will be permitted to vest only up through the date Executive continues as a Service Provider (as defined in the Equity Documents). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Documents, Executive s outstanding Options will remain exercisable until the later of (a) twelve (12) months following the Separation Date, or (b) the date this is three months following such time as Executive is no longer a Service Provider (as defined in the Equity Documents) provided, however, in no event shall the Options be exercisable following the expiration of the term of such Option as provided in the Equity Documents. 
 3. Benefits . Executive s health insurance benefits will cease on October 31, 2024, subject to Executive s right to continue Executive s health insurance under COBRA. Executive s participation in all other benefits and incidents of employment will cease on the Separation Date. 
 4. Payment of Compensation and Receipt of All Benefits . Executive acknowledges and agrees that, other than the consideration set forth in this Agreement and Executive s accrued vacation paid time off (which is agreed to be an amount equal to 92,700 and shall be paid within thirty (30) days 

Exhibit 10.3 

 following the date hereof), the Company has paid or provided all salary, wages, bonuses, premiums, leaves, housing allowances, relocation costs, interest, severance, outplacement costs, fees, reimbursable expenses, commissions, stock, stock options, vesting, and any and all other benefits and compensation due to Executive as of the Separation Date. 
 5. Release of Claims . Executive agrees that the foregoing consideration represents settlement in full of all outstanding obligations owed to Executive by the Company and its parents and subsidiaries and their current and former officers, directors, employees, agents, investors, attorneys, shareholders, administrators, affiliates, benefit plans, plan administrators, professional employer organization or co-employer, insurers, trustees, divisions, subsidiaries, predecessor and successor corporations, and assigns (collectively, the Releasees ). Executive, on Executive s own behalf and on behalf of Executive s respective heirs, family members, executors, agents, and assigns, hereby and forever releases the Releasees from, and agrees not to sue concerning, or in any manner to institute, prosecute, or pursue, any claim, complaint, charge, duty, obligation, demand, or cause of action relating to any matters of any kind, whether presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that Executive may possess against any of the Releasees arising from any omissions, acts, facts, or damages that have occurred up until and including the date Executive signs this Agreement, including, without limitation 
 a. any and all claims relating to or arising from Executive s employment relationship with the Company or the termination of that relationship 
 b. any and all claims relating to, or arising from, Executive s right to purchase, or actual purchase of shares of stock of the Company (other than rights to exercise the Options in accordance with their terms, as modified herein), including, without limitation, any claims for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of duty under applicable state corporate law, and securities fraud under any state or federal law 
 c. any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment, termination in violation of public policy, discrimination, harassment, retaliation, breach of contract (both express and implied), breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing (both express and implied), promissory estoppel, negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress, fraud, negligent or intentional misrepresentation, negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage, unfair business practices, defamation, libel, slander, negligence, personal injury, assault, battery, invasion of privacy, false imprisonment, conversion, and disability benefits 
 d. any and all claims for violation of any federal, state, or municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Equal Pay Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Executive Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Immigration Reform and Control Act, the National Labor Relations Act, the California Family Rights Act, the California Labor Code, the California Workers Compensation Act, and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act 
 e. any and all claims for violation of the federal or any state constitution 
 f. any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination 

Exhibit 10.3 

 g. any claim for any loss, cost, damage, or expense arising out of any dispute over the nonwithholding or other tax treatment of any of the proceeds received by Executive as a result of this Agreement and 
 h. any and all claims for attorneys fees and costs. 
 Executive agrees that the release set forth in this Section will be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to the matters released. This release does not extend to (i) any obligations incurred under this Agreement, (ii) claims that cannot be released as a matter of law (iii) any right Executive may have to unemployment compensation benefits, (iv) any claims arising after the Separation Date (v) any rights to vested benefits or Options that are vested or eligible to vest after the Separation Date in accordance with their terms (as modified herein) or (vi) any rights to indemnification (and related advancement of expenses) under any agreement with the Company, the Company s governing document or through coverage under any director and officer indemnification or liability insurance policy. Any and all disputed wage claims that are released herein will be subject to binding arbitration in accordance with this Agreement, except as required by applicable law. 
 6. Acknowledgment of Waiver of Claims under ADEA . Executive acknowledges that Executive is waiving and releasing any rights Executive may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA ), and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. Executive agrees that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA after the date Executive signs this Agreement. Executive acknowledges that the consideration given for this waiver and release is in addition to anything of value to which Executive was already entitled. Executive further acknowledges that Executive has been advised by this writing that (a) Executive should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement (b) Executive has twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (c) Executive has seven (7) days following Executive s execution of this Agreement to revoke this Agreement (d) this Agreement will not be effective until after the revocation period has expired and (e) nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes Executive from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties, or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. In the event Executive signs this Agreement and returns it to the Company in less than the 21-day period identified above, Executive hereby acknowledges that Executive has knowingly and voluntarily chosen to waive the time period allotted for considering this Agreement. Executive acknowledges and understands that revocation must be accomplished by a written notification to the person executing this Agreement on the Company s behalf that is received prior to the Effective Date. The Parties agree that changes, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the running of the 21-day period. 
 7. California Civil Code Section 1542 . Executive acknowledges that Executive has been advised to consult with legal counsel and is familiar with the provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542, a statute that otherwise prohibits the release of unknown claims, which provides as follows 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 Executive, being aware of said code section, agrees to expressly waive any rights Executive may have thereunder, as well as under any other statute or common law principles of similar effect. 
 8. No Pending or Future Lawsuits . Executive represents that Executive has no lawsuits, claims, or actions pending in Executive s name, or on behalf of any other person or entity, against the 

Exhibit 10.3 

 Company or any of the other Releasees. Executive also represents that Executive does not intend to bring any claims on Executive s own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity against the Company or any of the other Releasees. 
 9. Confidentiality . Subject to the Protected Activity Not Prohibited section, Executive agrees to maintain in complete confidence the existence of this Agreement, the contents and terms of this Agreement, and the consideration for this Agreement (hereinafter collectively referred to as Separation Information ). Except as required by law, Executive may disclose Separation Information only to Executive s immediate family members, the Court in any proceedings to enforce the terms of this Agreement, Executive s attorney(s), and Executive s accountant(s) and any professional tax advisor(s) to the extent that they need to know the Separation Information in order to provide advice on tax treatment or to prepare tax returns, and must prevent disclosure of any Separation Information to all other third parties. Executive agrees that Executive will not publicize, directly or indirectly, any Separation Information. This Section 9 will cease to apply if, when and to the extent Separation Information is publicly announced or made available by the Company. 
 10. Trade Secrets and Confidential Information Company Property . Executive acknowledges that, separate from this Agreement, Executive remains under continuing obligations to the Company under the Confidentiality Agreement, including the provisions therein regarding nondisclosure of the Company s trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information. Notwithstanding, Executive may retain access to Company property and or Confidential Information only to the extent necessary or appropriate to continue to perform the services as a member of the Board or such other services as are requested by the Company of Executive from time to time (e.g., consultation regarding certain intellectual property matters). 
 11. No Cooperation . Subject to the Protected Activity Not Prohibited section, Executive agrees that Executive will not knowingly encourage, counsel, or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints by any third party against any of the Releasees, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so or upon written request from an administrative agency or the legislature or as related directly to the ADEA waiver in this Agreement. Executive agrees both to immediately notify the Company upon receipt of any such subpoena or court order or written request from an administrative agency or the legislature, and to furnish, within three (3) business days of its receipt, a copy of such subpoena or other court order or written request from an administrative agency or the legislature. If approached by anyone for counsel or assistance in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints against any of the Releasees, Executive will state no more than that Executive cannot provide counsel or assistance. 
 12. Protected Activity Not Prohibited . Executive understands that nothing in this Agreement will in any way limit or prohibit Executive from engaging in any Protected Activity. Protected Activity includes (i) filing and or pursuing a charge, complaint, or report with, or otherwise communicating, cooperating, or participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any federal, state or local government agency or commission , including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the National Labor Relations Board Government Agencies and or (ii) discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Executive has reason to believe is unlawful. Executive understands that in connection with such Protected Activity, Executive is permitted to disclose documents or other information as permitted by law, without giving notice to, or receiving authorization from, the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive agrees to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any Company trade secrets, proprietary information, or confidential 

Exhibit 10.3 

 information that does not involve unlawful acts in the workplace or the activity otherwise protected herein. Executive further understands that Protected Activity does not include the disclosure of any Company attorney-client privileged communications or attorney work product. Any language in the Confidentiality Agreement regarding Executive s right to engage in Protected Activity that conflicts with, or is contrary to, this section is superseded by this Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive is notified that an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official (directly or indirectly) or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if (and only if) such filing is made under seal. In addition, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the individual s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 13. Mutual Nondisparagement . Subject to the Protected Activity Not Prohibited section, Executive agrees to refrain from any disparagement, defamation, libel, or slander of any of the Company, its current executive officers and members of its Board, and agrees to refrain from any tortious interference with the contracts and relationships of any of the Releasees. The Company agrees to refrain from any disparaging statements, defamation, libel, or slander of or about Executive. Executive understands that the Company s obligations under this paragraph extend only to the Company s current executive officers and members of its Board and only for so long as each officer or member is an executive officer of the Company or Board member, as applicable. Executive will direct any inquiries by potential future employers to the Company s human resources department. 
 14. Breach . Executive acknowledges and agrees that any material breach of this Agreement, unless such breach constitutes a legal action by Executive challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the waiver herein under the ADEA, will entitle the Company immediately to cease providing the consideration provided to Executive under this Agreement and to seek damages, except as provided by law. 
 15. No Admission of Liability . Executive understands and acknowledges that with respect to all claims released herein, this Agreement constitutes a compromise and settlement of any and all actual or potential disputed claims by Executive unless such claims were explicitly not released by the release in this Agreement. No action taken by the Company hereto, either previously or in connection with this Agreement, will be deemed or construed to be (a) an admission of the truth or falsity of any actual or potential claims or (b) an acknowledgment or admission by the Company of any fault or liability whatsoever to Executive or to any third party. 
 16. Legal Costs . The Parties will each bear their own costs, attorneys fees and other fees incurred in connection with the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement. 
 17. ARBITRATION . EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEIR INTERPRETATION, EMPLOYEE S EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY OR THE TERMS THEREOF, OR ANY OF THE MATTERS HEREIN RELEASED, WILL BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION UNDER THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT (THE FAA AND THAT THE FAA WILL GOVERN AND APPLY TO THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WITH FULL FORCE AND EFFECT HOWEVER, WITHOUT LIMITING ANY PROVISIONS OF THE FAA, A MOTION OR PETITION OR ACTION TO COMPEL ARBITRATION MAY ALSO BE BROUGHT IN STATE COURT UNDER THE PROCEDURAL PROVISIONS OF SUCH STATE S LAWS RELATING TO MOTIONS OR PETITIONS OR ACTIONS TO COMPEL ARBITRATION. EMPLOYEE AGREES 

Exhibit 10.3 

 THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EMPLOYEE MAY BRING ANY SUCH ARBITRATION PROCEEDING ONLY IN EMPLOYEE S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY. ANY ARBITRATION WILL OCCUR IN LOS ANGELES COUNTY, BEFORE JAMS, PURSUANT TO ITS EMPLOYMENT ARBITRATION RULES & PROCEDURES JAMS RULES ), EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR WILL HAVE THE POWER TO DECIDE ANY MOTIONS BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY TO THE ARBITRATION, INCLUDING MOTIONS FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT AND OR ADJUDICATION, AND MOTIONS TO DISMISS AND DEMURRERS, APPLYING THE STANDARDS SET FORTH UNDER THE CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE. THE PARTIES AGREE that the arbitrator will issue a written decision on the merits. THE PARTIES ALSO AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR WILL HAVE THE POWER TO AWARD ANY REMEDIES AVAILABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT AWARD ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY. THE ARBITRATOR MAY GRANT INJUNCTIONS AND OTHER RELIEF IN SUCH DISPUTES. THE DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR WILL BE FINAL, CONCLUSIVE, AND BINDING ON THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE PREVAILING PARTY IN ANY ARBITRATION WILL BE ENTITLED TO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO ENFORCE THE ARBITRATION AWARD. THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION WILL EACH PAY AN EQUAL SHARE OF THE COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH ARBITRATION UP TO THE AMOUNT OF EQUIVALENT COURT FEES (WITH ANY EXCESS OVER SUCH AMOUNT PAID BY THE COMPANY), AND EACH PARTY WILL SEPARATELY PAY FOR ITS RESPECTIVE COUNSEL FEES AND EXPENSES. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM RESOLVED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR JURY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS SECTION WILL NOT PREVENT EITHER PARTY FROM SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF (OR ANY OTHER PROVISIONAL REMEDY) FROM ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION OVER THE PARTIES AND THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THEIR DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE AGREEMENTS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. SHOULD ANY PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION CONFLICT WITH ANY OTHER ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT IN THIS SECTION WILL GOVERN. 
 18. Tax Consequences . The Company makes no representations or warranties with respect to the tax consequences of the payments and any other consideration provided to Executive or made on Executive s behalf under the terms of this Agreement. Executive agrees and understands that Executive is responsible for payment, if any, of local, state, and or federal taxes on the payments and any other consideration provided hereunder by the Company and any penalties or assessments thereon. 
 19. Authority . The Company represents and warrants that the undersigned has the authority to act on behalf of the Company and to bind the Company and all who may claim through it to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Executive represents and warrants that Executive has the capacity to act on Executive s own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through Executive to bind them to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each Party warrants and represents that there are no liens or claims of lien or assignments in law or equity or otherwise of or against any of the claims or causes of action released herein. 
 20. Severability . In the event that any provision or any portion of any provision hereof or any surviving agreement made a part hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction 

Exhibit 10.3 

 or arbitrator to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without said provision or portion of provision. 
 21. Attorneys Fees . In the event that either Party brings an action to enforce or effect its rights under this Agreement, the Parties will each bear their own costs, attorneys fees, and other fees incurred in connection with such action. 
 22. Entire Agreement . This Agreement (including its exhibits) represents the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Executive concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Executive s employment with and separation from the Company and the events leading thereto and associated therewith, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements and understandings concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Executive s relationship with the Company, including the Employment Agreement, with the exception of the Confidentiality Agreement and the Equity Documents (as modified herein). 
 23. No Oral Modification . This Agreement may only be amended in a writing signed by Executive and the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 
 24. Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard for choice-of-law provisions, except that any dispute regarding the enforceability of the arbitration section of this Agreement will be governed by the FAA. Executive consents to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the State of California. 
 25. Effective Date . Executive understands that this Agreement will be null and void if not executed by Executive by October 4, 2024. Each Party has seven (7) days after that Party signs this Agreement to revoke it. This Agreement will become effective on the eighth (8th) day after Executive signed this Agreement, so long as it has been signed by the Parties and has not been revoked by either Party before that date (the Effective Date ). 
 26. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and each counterpart will be deemed an original and all of which counterparts taken together will have the same force and effect as an original and will constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned. The counterparts of this Agreement may be executed and delivered by facsimile, photo, email PDF, or other electronic transmission or signature. 
 27. Voluntary Execution of Agreement . Executive understands and agrees that Executive cannot executed this Agreement prior to Executive s last day of employment with the Company, and that Executive executed this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing all of Executive s claims against the Company and any of the other Releasees. Executive acknowledges that 
 (a) Executive has read this Agreement 
 (b) Executive has a right to consult with an attorney regarding this Agreement, and has been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by an attorney of Executive s own choice or has elected not to retain an attorney 
 (c) Executive understands the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains 
 (d) Executive is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement and 
 (e) Executive has not relied upon any representations or statements made by the Company that are not specifically set forth in this Agreement. 

Exhibit 10.3 

THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 

Exhibit 10.3 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below. 

NEIL DESAI, PH.D., an individual 
 
 Dated October 15, 2024 s Neil Desai 
 Neil Desai, Ph.D. 
 
 AADI BIOSCIENCES, Inc. 
 
 Dated October 16, 2024 By s David Lennon 
 David J. Lennon, Ph.D. 
 President & Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit 10.3 

 EXHIBIT A 
 
 OUTSTANDING STOCK OPTION AWARDS 
 
 Option (ISO) for 31,720 shares of common stock granted on January 31, 2018 
 Option (NSO) for 7,930 shares of common stock granted on March 13, 2020 
 Option (NSO) for 125,000 shares of common stock granted on September 8, 2021 
 Option (NSO) for 153,300 shares of common stock granted on April 1, 2022 
 Option (NSO) for 150,000 shares of common stock granted on January 3, 2023 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 4
 exhibit104litri.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 
 Exhibit 10.4 

 TRANSITION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE 
 This Transition Agreement and Release (this Agreement is made by and between Loretta Itri Executive and Aadi Bioscience, Inc. (the Company (jointly referred to as the Parties or individually referred to as a Party ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, Executive is employed by the Company 
 WHEREAS, Executive signed an Executive Employment Agreement with the Company dated October 19, 2021 (the Employment Agreement 
 WHEREAS, Executive signed an At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement with the Company on October 21, 2021 (the Confidentiality Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Company granted Executive options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock on October 21, 2021, April 1, 2022, March 1, 2023, March 1, 2024, and March 1, 2024 (the Options ), with each of the Options subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and a stock option agreement thereunder between Executive and the Company (the Option Agreements ), and the Company granted Executive awards of restricted stock units covering shares of the Company s Common Stock on March 1, 2024 (the RSU Award ), subject to the terms of the Plan and a restricted stock unit award agreement thereunder between Executive and the Company (the RSU Award Agreement , and collectively with the Plan and the Option Agreements, the Stock Agreements 
 WHEREAS, Executive informed the Company that Executive has decided to resign Executive s employment voluntarily, effective October 1, 2024 (the Resignation Date ), at which point Executive s employment will end 
 WHEREAS, the Parties wish to provide for Executive s orderly transition of the day-to-day duties of Executive s position with the Company until the Resignation Date and 
 WHEREAS, the Parties wish to resolve any and all disputes, claims, complaints, grievances, charges, actions, petitions, and demands that Executive may have against the Company and any of the Releasees as defined below, including, but not limited to, any and all claims arising out of or in any way related to Executive s employment with, transition from, or resignation from employment 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows 
 COVENANTS 
 1. Consideration . 
 a. Continued Employment Services . The Company agrees that beginning on the Effective Date, the Company will continue to employ Executive as an at-will employee through the Resignation Date (such period the Transition Period ). During the Transition Period, Executive will continue receiving Executive s regular base salary, Executive will continue to vest in all outstanding equity awards according to their terms, and Executive will be eligible to participate in then-available Company benefit plans at the same level as Executive would have been eligible to participate in such plans immediately prior to the start of the Transition Period, subject to the terms and conditions, including eligibility requirements, of such plans. Executive agrees that during the Transition Period, Executive will continue to perform Executive s full time responsibilities and duties associated with her position, and work in good faith with the Company to complete open projects, transition Executive s responsibilities, 

Exhibit 10.4 

 facilitate the knowledge transfer of items within Executive s area of responsibility, and provide other services as may be reasonably requested by the Company (the Services ). 
 b. Supplemental Release Consideration . Subject to Executive complying with the terms of this Agreement, providing the Services to the Company s reasonable satisfaction, and executing and not revoking the Supplemental Release attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Supplemental Release ), the Company agrees to (i) pay Executive a total of Seven Hundred Eighty-Four Thousand, Five Hundred Thirty-Five Dollars and Fifty-Five Cents 784,535.55), less applicable withholdings (the Separation Pay ), which amount approximately equals twelve (12) months of Executive s base salary plus Executive s 2024 target annual bonus and (ii) pay Executive a lump sum amount of 59,808.96, which amount approximately equals the cost of the payments Executive will make for COBRA coverage for a period of eighteen (18) months, which shall be paid on the Supplemental Release Effective Date (as defined in the Supplement Release Agreement Attached hereto) . The Separation Pay will be paid in equal installments in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices beginning as of the sixty-first (61 st day following the Resignation Date and continuing until twelve (12) months from the Resignation Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the first such payment will include payment for the period from the Resignation Date to the first payment date. 
 c. Supplemental Release Agreement . In exchange for the Supplemental Release Consideration, Executive agrees to execute, within seven (7) calendar days after the Resignation Date, the Supplemental Release attached hereto as Exhibit A provided, however, the Parties agree to modify the Supplemental Release to comply with any new laws that become applicable prior to the end of the Transition Period. Executive understands and agrees that Executive will only be entitled to the consideration set forth in Section 1.b. if Executive executes the Supplemental Release within the time allotted in this Section 1.c. 
 d. Acknowledgement . Executive acknowledges that without this Agreement, Executive is otherwise not entitled to the consideration listed in this Section 1. Accordingly, Executive acknowledges that without this Agreement, Executive would not be entitled to any employment (or compensation for such employment) during the Transition Period. Executive further acknowledges and agrees that Executive s voluntary resignation from the Company will not entitle Executive to any severance, notice, or other post-employment benefits, including under the Employment Agreement, except as set forth herein. 
 2. Benefits . Executive s health insurance benefits shall cease on October 31, 2024, subject to Executive s right to continue Executive s health insurance under COBRA. Executive s participation in all benefits and incidents of employment, including, but not limited to, the accrual of bonuses, vacation, and paid time off, will cease as of the Resignation Date. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding the termination of Executive s employment on the Resignation Date, Executive s Options and RSU Awards shall continue to vest, as provided in the Stock Agreements, if Executive is otherwise then a Service Provider under the Plan. 
 3. Payment of Salary and Receipt of All Benefits . Executive acknowledges and represents that, as of the date of signing this Agreement, the Company and its agents have paid or provided all salary, wages, bonuses, accrued vacation paid time off, notice periods, premiums, leaves, housing allowances, relocation costs, interest, severance, outplacement costs, fees, reimbursable expenses, commissions, stock, stock options, vesting, and any and all other benefits and compensation due to Executive. 
 4. Release of Claims . Executive agrees that the foregoing consideration represents settlement in full of all outstanding obligations owed to Executive by the Company and its current and former officers, directors, employees, agents, investors, attorneys, shareholders, administrators, affiliates, 

Exhibit 10.4 

 benefit plans, plan administrators, professional employer organization or co-employer, insurers, trustees, divisions, and subsidiaries, and predecessor and successor corporations and assigns (collectively, the Releasees ). Executive, on Executive s own behalf and on behalf of Executive s respective heirs, family members, executors, agents, and assigns, hereby and forever releases the Releasees from, and agrees not to sue concerning, or in any manner to institute, prosecute, or pursue, any claim, complaint, charge, duty, obligation, demand, or cause of action relating to any matters of any kind, whether presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that Executive may possess against any of the Releasees arising from any omissions, acts, facts, or damages that have occurred up until and including the Effective Date of this Agreement, including, without limitation 
 a. any and all claims relating to or arising from Executive s employment relationship with the Company and the termination of that relationship 
 b. any and all claims relating to, or arising from, Executive s right to purchase, actual purchase, or ownership of shares of stock of the Company, including, without limitation, any claims for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of duty under applicable state corporate law, and securities fraud under any state or federal law 
 c. any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment termination in violation of public policy discrimination harassment retaliation breach of contract, both express and implied breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing, both express and implied promissory estoppel negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress fraud negligent or intentional misrepresentation negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage unfair business practices defamation libel slander negligence personal injury assault battery invasion of privacy false imprisonment conversion and disability benefits 
 d. any and all claims for violation of any federal, state, or municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 the Civil Rights Act of 1991 the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 the Equal Pay Act the Fair Labor Standards Act the Fair Credit Reporting Act the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act the Family and Medical Leave Act the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act the Immigration Reform and Control Act the New York State Human Rights Law the New York Executive Law the New York Civil Practice Law and Rules the New York Labor Law the New York Civil Rights Law the New York State Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law Section 125 of the New York Workers Compensation Law the New York City Human Rights Law and the New York City Administrative Code 
 e. any and all claims for violation of the federal or any state constitution 
 f. any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination 
 g. any claim for any loss, cost, damage, or expense arising out of any dispute over the nonwithholding or other tax treatment of any of the proceeds received by Executive from the Company and 
 h. any and all claims for attorneys fees and costs. 
 Executive agrees that the release set forth in this Section shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to the matters released. This release does not extend to any obligations incurred under this Agreement. This release does not release claims that cannot be released as a matter of law, including any Protected Activity (as defined below). This release does not extend to any right Executive may have to unemployment compensation benefits or workers compensation benefits. 

Exhibit 10.4 

 Executive represents that Executive has made no assignment or transfer of any right, claim, complaint, charge, duty, obligation, demand, cause of action, or other matter waived or released by this Section. Further, notwithstanding any of the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement releases any rights or claims Executive may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act or the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, but Executive acknowledges that Executive will release such claims upon executing the Supplemental Release. 
 5. No Pending or Future Lawsuits . Executive represents that Executive has no lawsuits, claims, or actions pending in Executive s name, or on behalf of any other person or entity, against the Company or any of the other Releasees. Executive also represents that Executive does not intend to bring any claims on Executive s own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity against the Company or any of the other Releasees. 
 6. Trade Secrets and Confidential Information Company Property . Executive reaffirms and agrees to observe and abide by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, specifically including the provisions therein regarding nondisclosure of the Company s trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information, noncompetition, and nonsolicitation of Company employees. Executive agrees that the above reaffirmation and agreement with the Confidentiality Agreement shall constitute a new and separately enforceable agreement to abide by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, entered and effective as of the Effective Date. Executive specifically acknowledges and agrees that any violation of the restrictive covenants in the Confidentiality Agreement shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive is notified that an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official (directly or indirectly) or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if (and only if) such filing is made under seal. In addition, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the individual s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 7. No Cooperation . Subject to the Protected Activity Not Prohibited Section below, Executive agrees that Executive will not knowingly encourage, counsel, or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints by any third party against any of the Releasees, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so or as related directly to the ADEA waiver in the Supplemental Release. Executive agrees both to immediately notify the Company upon receipt of any such subpoena or court order, and to furnish, within three (3) business days of its receipt, a copy of such subpoena or other court order. If approached by anyone for counsel or assistance in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints against any of the Releasees, Executive shall state no more than that Executive cannot provide counsel or assistance. 
 8. Breach . In addition to the rights provided in the Attorneys Fees section below, Executive acknowledges and agrees that any material breach of this Agreement or the Supplemental Release (unless such breach constitutes a legal action by Executive challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the waiver under the ADEA in the Supplemental Release) or of any provision of the Confidentiality Agreement shall entitle the Company immediately to recover and or cease providing the Supplemental Release Consideration and to obtain damages, except as provided by law, provided , however , that the Company shall not recover One Hundred Dollars 100.00) of the consideration already paid pursuant to the Supplemental Release and such amount shall serve as full and 

Exhibit 10.4 

 complete consideration for the promises and obligations assumed by Executive under this Agreement, the Supplemental Release, and the Confidentiality Agreement. 
 9. No Admission of Liability . Executive understands and acknowledges that this Agreement constitutes a compromise and settlement of any and all actual or potential disputed claims by Executive. No action taken by the Company hereto, either previously or in connection with this Agreement, shall be deemed or construed to be (a) an admission of the truth or falsity of any actual or potential claims or (b) an acknowledgment or admission by the Company of any fault or liability whatsoever to Executive or to any third party. 
 10. Costs . The Parties shall each bear their own costs, attorneys fees, and other fees incurred in connection with the preparation of this Agreement. 
 11. ARBITRATION . THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEIR INTERPRETATION, AND ANY OF THE MATTERS HEREIN RELEASED, SHALL BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION UNDER THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT (THE FAA AND THAT THE FAA SHALL GOVERN AND APPLY TO THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WITH FULL FORCE AND EFFECT HOWEVER, WITHOUT LIMITING ANY PROVISIONS OF THE FAA, A MOTION OR PETITION OR ACTION TO COMPEL ARBITRATION MAY ALSO BE BROUGHT IN STATE COURT UNDER THE PROCEDURAL PROVISIONS OF SUCH STATE S LAWS RELATING TO MOTIONS OR PETITIONS OR ACTIONS TO COMPEL ARBITRATION. THE ARBITRATION SHALL BE BEFORE A SINGLE ARBITRATOR WHO SHALL BE A FORMER FEDERAL OR STATE COURT JUDGE. EXECUTIVE AGREES THAT EXECUTIVE MAY ONLY BRING ANY SUCH ARBITRATION IN EXECUTIVE S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY. SUCH ARBITRATION WILL OCCUR IN NEW YORK COUNTY, BEFORE JAMS UNDER ITS APPLICABLE RULES AND PROCEDURES JAMS RULES AND NEW YORK LAW. THE ARBITRATOR MAY GRANT INJUNCTIONS AND OTHER RELIEF IN SUCH DISPUTES. THE ARBITRATOR SHALL ADMINISTER AND CONDUCT ANY ARBITRATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH NEW YORK LAW, AND THE ARBITRATOR SHALL APPLY SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL NEW YORK LAW TO ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ANY CONFLICT-OF-LAW PROVISIONS OF ANY JURISDICTION. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE JAMS RULES CONFLICT WITH NEW YORK LAW, NEW YORK LAW SHALL TAKE PRECEDENCE. THE DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE WRITTEN, FINAL, AND BINDING ON THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE PREVAILING PARTY IN ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO ENFORCE THE ARBITRATION AWARD. THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION SHALL EACH PAY HALF THE COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH ARBITRATION, AND EACH PARTY SHALL SEPARATELY PAY FOR ITS RESPECTIVE COUNSEL FEES AND EXPENSES PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL AWARD ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY, EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW. IN THE EVENT THAT JAMS FAILS, REFUSES, OR OTHERWISE DOES NOT ENFORCE THE AFOREMENTIONED ARBITRATION COSTS SHARING PROVISION, EITHER PARTY MAY COMMENCE AN ACTION TO RECOVER SUCH AMOUNTS AGAINST THE NON-PAYING PARTY IN COURT AND THE NON-PAYING PARTY SHALL REIMBURSE THE MOVING PARTY FOR THE ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS INCURRED IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH ACTION. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT PUNITIVE DAMAGES SHALL BE UNAVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM RESOLVED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR JURY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS SECTION WILL NOT PREVENT EITHER 

Exhibit 10.4 

 PARTY FROM SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF (OR ANY OTHER PROVISIONAL REMEDY) FROM ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION OVER THE PARTIES AND THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THEIR DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE AGREEMENTS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. SHOULD ANY PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION CONFLICT WITH ANY OTHER ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN. 
 12. Tax Consequences . The Company makes no representations or warranties with respect to the tax consequences of the COBRA reimbursements set forth in Section 1.b. above. Executive agrees and understands that Executive is responsible for payment, if any, of local, state, and or federal taxes on such reimbursement and any penalties or assessments thereon. Executive further agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any claims, demands, deficiencies, penalties, interest, assessments, executions, judgments, or recoveries by any government agency against the Company for any amounts claimed due on account of (a) Executive s failure to pay, or Executive s delayed payment of, federal or state taxes, or (b) damages sustained by the Company by reason of any such claims, including attorneys fees and costs. 
 13. Section 409A . It is intended that this Agreement comply with, or be exempt from, Code Section 409A and the final regulations and official guidance thereunder Section 409A and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply and or be exempt from Section 409A. Each payment and benefit to be paid or provided under this Agreement is intended to constitute a series of separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. The Company and Executive will work together in good faith to consider either (i) amendments to this Agreement or (ii) revisions to this Agreement with respect to the payment of any awards, which are necessary or appropriate to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to the actual payment to Executive under Section 409A. In no event will the Releasees reimburse Executive for any taxes that may be imposed on Executive as a result of Section 409A. 
 14. Authority . The Company represents and warrants that the undersigned has the authority to act on behalf of the Company and to bind the Company and all who may claim through it to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Executive represents and warrants that Executive has the capacity to act on Executive s own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through Executive to bind them to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each Party warrants and represents that there are no liens or claims of lien or assignments in law or equity or otherwise of or against any of the claims or causes of action released herein. 
 15. Protected Activity Not Prohibited . Executive understands that nothing in this Agreement or the Supplemental Release shall in any way limit or prohibit Executive from engaging for a lawful purpose in any Protected Activity. For purposes of this Agreement and the Supplemental Release, Protected Activity shall mean filing a charge, complaint, or report with, or otherwise communicating with, cooperating with or participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by, any federal, state or local government agency or commission, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the National Labor Relations Board Government Agencies ). Executive understands that in connection with such Protected Activity, Executive is permitted to disclose documents or other information as permitted by law, and without giving notice to, or receiving authorization from, the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive agrees to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any information that may constitute Company confidential information under the Confidentiality Agreement to any parties other than the relevant Government Agencies. Executive further understands that Protected Activity does not include the disclosure of any Company attorney-client privileged communications, and that any such disclosure without the Company s 

Exhibit 10.4 

 written consent shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement. Finally, nothing in this Agreement constitutes a waiver of any rights Executive may have under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act NLRA ). For purposes of clarity, nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to impair or limit Executive s participation in any legally protected activities, such as (i) forming, joining, or supporting labor unions, (ii) bargaining collectively through representatives of employees choosing, (iii) discussing wages, benefits, or terms and conditions of employment, and (iv) discussing, or raising complaints about, working conditions for the purpose of mutual aid or protection of Executive or the Company s other current or former employees, to the extent such activities are protected by Section 7 of the NLRA. 
 16. No Representations . Executive represents that Executive has had an opportunity to consult with an attorney and has carefully read and understands the scope and effect of the provisions of this Agreement. Executive has not relied upon any representations or statements made by the Company that are not specifically set forth in this Agreement. 
 17. Severability . In the event that any provision or any portion of any provision of this Agreement, the Supplemental Release, or any surviving agreement made a part hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, this Agreement and the Supplemental Release shall continue in full force and effect without said provision or portion of provision. 
 18. Attorneys Fees . Except with regard to a legal action challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the ADEA waiver in the Supplemental Release, in the event that either Party brings an action to enforce or effect its rights under this Agreement or the Supplemental Release, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover its costs and expenses, including the costs of mediation, arbitration, litigation, court fees, and reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with such an action. 
 19. Entire Agreement . This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Executive concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Executive s employment with and separation from the Company and the events leading thereto and associated therewith, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements and understandings concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Executive s relationship with the Company, including the Employment Agreement, with the exception of the Confidentiality Agreement and the Stock Agreements. 
 20. No Oral Modification . This Agreement may only be amended in a writing signed by Executive and the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 
 21. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard for choice-of-law provisions. Executive consents to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the State of New York. 
 22. Effective Date . Executive understands that this Agreement shall be null and void if not executed by Executive, and returned to the Company, by September 16, 2024 . This Agreement will become effective on the date it has been signed by both Parties (the Effective Date ). 
 23. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and each counterpart shall be deemed an original and all of which counterparts taken together shall have the same force and effect as an original and shall constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned. The counterparts of this Agreement may be executed and delivered by facsimile, photo, email PDF, Docusign Echosign or a similarly accredited secure signature service, or other electronic transmission or signature. 

Exhibit 10.4 

 24. Voluntary Execution of Agreement . Executive understands and agrees that Executive executed this Agreement voluntarily, without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing all of Executive s claims against the Company and any of the other Releasees. Executive acknowledges that 
 (a) Executive has read this Agreement 
 (b) Executive has been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of Executive s own choice or has elected not to retain legal counsel 
 (c) Executive understands the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains and 
 (d) Executive is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally blank signature page follows 

Exhibit 10.4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below. 
 
 LORETTA ITRI, an individual 
 
 Dated September 16, 2024 s Loretta Itri 
 Loretta Itri 
 
 AADI BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 
 Dated September 16, 2024 By s David Lennon 
 David J. Lennon, Ph.D. 
 President & Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit 10.4 

 EXHIBIT A OF TRANSITION AGREEMENT 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL RELEASE 
 
 This Supplemental Release (the Supplemental Release is made by and between Loretta Itri Executive and Aadi Biosciences, Inc. (the Company (jointly, Executive and the Company referred to as the Parties or individually referred to as a Party ). Capitalized terms not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Transition Agreement. 
 1. Consideration Release of Claims . In consideration for the Supplemental Release Consideration set forth in Section 1 of the Transition Agreement and Release signed between Executive and the Company in or around September 2024 (the Transition Agreement ), Executive hereby extends Executive s release and waiver of claims to any claims that may have arisen between the Effective Date and the Supplemental Release Effective Date (as defined below), as well as all claims under the ADEA. 
 2. Incorporation of Terms of Transition Agreement . The Parties further acknowledge that the terms of the Transition Agreement shall apply to this Supplemental Release and are incorporated herein in full to the extent that they are not inconsistent with the express terms of this Supplemental Release. 
 3. Stock . The Parties agree that Executive will be considered to have vested in the Options and RSU Award only through the Resignation Date. Executive acknowledges that as of the Resignation Date, Executive will have vested in a total of 294,283 shares subject to the Options and no shares subject to the RSU Award. The Options and RSU Award shall continue to be governed by the terms and conditions of the applicable Stock Agreements. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding the termination of Executive s employment on the Resignation Date, Executive s Options and RSU Awards shall continue to vest, as provided in the Stock Agreements, if Executive is otherwise then a Service Provider under the Plan. 
 4. Payment of Salary and Receipt of All Benefits . Executive acknowledges and represents that, other than the Supplemental Release Consideration, the Company and its agents have paid or provided all salary, wages, bonuses, accrued vacation paid time off, notice periods, premiums, leaves, housing allowances, relocation costs, interest, severance, outplacement costs, fees, reimbursable expenses, commissions, stock, stock options, vesting, and any and all other benefits and compensation due to Executive. 
 5. Acknowledgment of Waiver of Claims under ADEA . Executive understands and acknowledges that Executive is waiving and releasing any rights Executive may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA ), and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. Executive understands and agrees that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA after the date Executive signs this Supplemental Release. Executive understands and acknowledges that the consideration given for this waiver and release is in addition to anything of value to which Executive was already entitled. Executive further understands and acknowledges that Executive has been advised by this writing that (a) Executive should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Supplemental Release (b) Executive has had more than twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Supplemental Release (c) Executive has seven (7) days following Executive s execution of this Supplemental Release to revoke this Supplemental Release (d) this Supplemental Release shall not be effective until after the revocation period has expired and (e) nothing in this Supplemental Release or the Transition Agreement prevents or precludes Executive from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor 

Exhibit 10.4 

 does it impose any condition precedent, penalties, or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. Executive acknowledges and understands that any revocation of this Supplemental Release must be accomplished by a written notification to the person executing this Supplemental Release on the Company s behalf that is received prior to the Supplemental Release Effective Date. The Parties agree that changes, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the running of the 21-day period. 
 6. Nondisparagement . Subject to the Protected Activity Not Prohibited Section, Executive agrees to refrain from any disparagement, defamation, libel, or slander of any of the Releasees, and agrees to refrain from any tortious interference with the contracts and relationships of any of the Releasees. Executive shall direct any inquiries by potential future employers to the Company s human resources department, which shall provide only Executive s last position and dates of employment. 
 7. Return of Company Property . Executive s signature below constitutes Executive s certification under penalty of perjury that Executive has returned all Company property and information, and, to the extent any additional copies of Company property or information is on Executive s personal devices or storage spaces, Executive has taken all necessary steps to permanently delete or destroy all such property and documents from such locations, with the exception of a copy of any Employee Handbook and personnel documents specifically relating to Executive, which Executive may keep. 
 8. Effective Date . Executive understands that this Supplemental Release shall be null and void (i) if executed by Executive before the Resignation Date or (ii) if not executed by Executive within seven (7) days following the Resignation Date. This Supplemental Release will become effective on the eighth (8th) day after Executive signs this Supplemental Release, so long as it has been signed by the Parties and has not been revoked by either Party before that date (the Supplemental Release Effective Date ). 
 9. Voluntary Execution of Agreement . Executive understands and agrees that Executive executed this Supplemental Release voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing all of Executive s claims against the Company and any of the other Releasees. Executive acknowledges that (a) Executive has read this Supplemental Release (b) Executive (i) has seven (7) days following the Resignation Date in which to sign this Supplemental Release, and (ii) Executive cannot sign this Supplemental Release before the Resignation Date (c) Executive has been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Supplemental Release by legal counsel of Executive s own choice or has elected not to retain legal counsel (d) Executive understands the terms and consequences of this Supplemental Release and of the releases it contains (e) Executive is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Supplemental Release and (f) Executive has not relied upon any representations or statements made by the Company that are not specifically set forth in this Supplemental Release. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Supplemental Release on the respective dates set forth below. 
 LORETTA ITRI, an individual 
 
 Dated ________________ 
 Loretta Itri 

AADI BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 
 Dated _______________ By 
 David J. Lennon, Ph.D. 
 President & Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 aadi-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David J. Lennon, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Aadi Bioscience, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 By s David J. Lennon, Ph.D. David J. Lennon, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 aadi-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Scott Giacobello, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Aadi Bioscience, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s Scott Giacobello Scott Giacobello 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 aadi-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Aadi Bioscience, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 6, 2024 By s David J. Lennon, Ph.D. David J. Lennon, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 aadi-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Aadi Bioscience, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s Scott Giacobello 
 Scott Giacobello Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 aadi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 aadi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 aadi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 aadi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 aadi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

