<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241206_10-Q_edgar_data_1837929_0001213900-24-106537.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4093159</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>128840</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>933731</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>774815</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>978715</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1201286</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-106537.hdr.sgml : 20241206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241206165841
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-106537
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			New Providence Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001837929
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41023
		FILM NUMBER:		241533023

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6500 RIVERPLACE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78730
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-969-4834

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6500 RIVERPLACE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78730

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-106537.txt : 20241206

10-Q
 1
 ea0221077-10q_newpro2.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of December 6, 2024, there were 
shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and share of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 
 Financial Statements. 
 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 (Audited) 
 
 1 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 

Item 2. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 22 

Item 3. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 27 

Item 4. 
 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 
 27 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 29 

Item 1. 
 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 29 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors. 
 
 29 

Item 2. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 30 

Item 3. 
 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 
 31 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 31 

Item 5. 
 
 Other Information. 
 
 31 

Item 6. 
 
 Exhibits. 
 
 32 

SIGNATURES 
 
 33 

i 

Unless otherwise stated in
this Report (as defined below), or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

2021
Annual Report are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC (as defined
below) on March 25, 2022; 

2022
Annual Report are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the SEC on March
31, 2023; 

2023
Annual Report are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on April
9, 2024; 

2023 Founder Share Conversion are to the conversion
 of 3,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock (as defined below) held by the Sponsor (as defined below) as Founder Shares (as defined
 below) into an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock (as defined below) issued on May 5, 2023 to the Sponsor; 

2023
Redemptions are to the 19,732,125 Public Shares (as defined below) whose holders properly exercised their right to redeem such
Public Shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.41 per share in connection with the approval of the First Extension
Amendment Proposal (as defined below) and Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal (as defined below); 

2024
SPAC Rules are to the new rules and regulations for SPACs (as defined below) adopted by the SEC on January 24, 2024, which became
effective on July 1, 2024; 

2024
Founder Share Conversion are to the conversion of an aggregate of 3,249,999 shares of Class B Common Stock held by the Founder
Share Holders (as defined below) as Founder Shares into an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued on July 29, 2024 to
the Founder Share Holders; 

2024
Redemptions are to the 4,585,351 Public Shares whose holders properly exercised their right to redeem such Public Shares for cash
at a redemption price of approximately 10.89 per share in connection with the approval of the Second Extension Amendment Proposal
(as defined below); 

Administrative
Support Agreement are to the Administrative Support Agreement, dated November 4, 2021, which we entered into with our Sponsor; 

Amended
and Restated Charter are to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and currently in effect; 

ASC 
are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

ASU 
are to the FASB Accounting Standards Update; 

Board
of Directors or Board are to our board of directors; 

Business
Combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses; 

Class
A Common Stock are to shares of our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class
B Common Stock are to shares of our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 

ii 

Combination
Period are to the 36-month period, from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (as defined below) to November 9, 2024 if all
monthly extensions are implemented (or such earlier date as determined by the Board), as extended by the Second Extension Amendment Proposal,
that we have to consummate an initial Business Combination; provided that the Combination Period may be further extended pursuant to
an amendment to the Amended and Restated Charter and consistent with applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange rules; 

Common
Stock are to the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock, together; 

Company, 
 our, we, or us are to New Providence Acquisition Corp. II, a Delaware corporation; 

Continental 
are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our Trust Account (as defined below) and warrant agent of our Public
Warrants (as defined below); 

Exchange
Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

FASB 
are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

First
Extension Amendment Proposal are to the proposal at the First Special Meeting (as defined below) to extend the Combination Period
from May 9, 2023 to May 9, 2024; 

First
Special Meeting are to our special meeting of stockholders in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders held on May 5, 2023; 

First
Promissory Note are to that certain unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of up to 300,000 issued to our Sponsor
on September 15, 2023; 

Founder
Share Conversions are to the 2023 Founder Share Conversion and the 2024 Founder Share Conversion, together; 

Founder
Share Holders are to the (i) Sponsor and (ii) Rick Mazer, Dan Ginsberg, Tim Gannon, Terry Wilson and Greg Stevens, our independent
directors at the time of the Initial Public Offering, collectively; 

Founder
Shares are to the shares of Class B Common Stock initially purchased by our Sponsor prior to the Initial Public Offering and the
shares of Class A Common Stock that (i) will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of Class B Common Stock at the time
of our Business Combination as described herein and (ii) were issued in connection with the Founder Share Conversions upon the conversion
of an equal number of shares of Class B Common Stock (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A Common Stock will not be Public
Shares 

GAAP 
are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

Initial
Public Offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that we consummated on November 9, 2021; 

Investment
Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

IPO
Registration Statement are to the Registration Statements on Form S-1, initially filed with the SEC on February 22,
2021, as amended, which were declared effective on November 4, 2021 (File Nos. 333-253337 and 333-260794)); 

Management 
or our Management Team are to our executive officers and directors; 

MVLS 
are to the Market Value of Listed Securities; 

MVLS
Requirement are to Nasdaq (as defined below) Listing Rule 5450(b)(2); 

iii 

Nasdaq 
are to the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC; 

Nasdaq
Compliance Date are to January 17, 2025, the date by which we must regain compliance with the MVLS Requirement; 

Nasdaq
Staff are to the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq; 

Private
Placement are to the private placement of Private Placement Warrants (as defined below) that occurred simultaneously with the
closing of our Initial Public Offering; 

Private
Placement Warrants are to the warrants issued to our Sponsor in the Private Placement; 

Promissory
Notes are to First Promissory Note and the Second Promissory Note (as defined below), together; 

Public
Shares are to the shares of Class A Common Stock sold as part of the Units (as defined below) in our Initial Public Offering (whether
they were purchased in our Initial Public Offering or thereafter in the open market); 

Public
Stockholders are to the holders of our Public Shares, including our Management Team to the extent the members of our Management
Team purchase Public Shares, provided that each member of our Management Team s status as a Public Stockholder will
only exist with respect to such Public Shares; 

Public
Warrants are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the Units in our Initial Public Offering (whether they were subscribed
for in our Initial Public Offering or purchased in the open market); 

Redemption
Limitation Amendment Proposal are to the proposal at the First Special Meeting to amend the Amended and Restated Charter to remove
the limitation that we may not redeem Public Shares to the extent that such redemption would result in us having net tangible assets
(as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act), of less than 5,000,001; 

Report 
are to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024; 

SEC 
are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Second
Extension Amendment Proposal are to the proposal at the Second Special Meeting (as defined below) to extend the Combination
Period on a monthly basis, up to six (6) times, from May 9, 2024 until November 9, 2024, or such earlier date as may be determined by
the Board; 

Second
Special Meeting are to our special meeting of stockholders in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders held on May 9, 2024; 

Second
Promissory Note are to that certain non-interest bearing promissory note in the principal amount of up to 400,000 issued to our
Sponsor on March 7, 2024; 

Securities
Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPACs 
are to special purpose acquisition companies; 

Sponsor 
are to New Providence Acquisition II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Treasury 
are to the U.S. Department of the Treasury; 

Trust
Account are to the U.S.-based trust account in which an amount of 255,000,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units
in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement was placed following the closing of the Initial
Public Offering; 

Underwriting
Agreement are to the Underwriting Agreement, dated November 4, 2021, which we entered into with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.; 

Units 
are to the units sold in our Initial Public Offering, which consist of one Public Share and one-third of one Public Warrant; 

Warrants 
are to the Private Placement Warrants and the Public Warrants, together; and 

Working
Capital Loans are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business
Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan
us. 

iv 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid income taxes 

Total Current Assets 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Excise taxes payable 

Promissory Notes - related party 

Advance from related parties 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption, par value; and shares issued and outstanding at and per share redemption value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding (excluding 682,524 and 5,267,875 shares subject to possible redemption) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Class B Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; share and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Other income 

(Loss) Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net (loss) income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Redeemable Class A Common Stock 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, Redeemable Class A Common Stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Non-Redeemable Class A Common Stock 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, Non-Redeemable Class A Common Stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B Common Stock 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, Class B Common Stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(Unaudited) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 1, 2024 

Remeasurement of Class A Common Stock to Redemption Value 

Net income 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Remeasurement of Class A Common Stock to Redemption Value 

Excise Tax payable attributable to redemption of Class A Common Stock 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Remeasurement of Class A Common Stock to Redemption Value 

Conversion of Class B Common Stock to Class A Common Stock 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2024 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholder 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 1, 2023 

Remeasurement of Class A Common Stock to Redemption Value 

Net income 

Balance March 31, 2023 

Conversion of Class B Common Stock to Class A Common Stock 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Remeasurement of Class A Common Stock to Redemption Value 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Remeasurement of Class A Common Stock to Redemption Value 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Deferred tax provision 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid income taxes 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Advance from related parties 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption of Common Stock 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from Promissory Notes - related party 

Redemption of Common Stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Supplementary cash flow information: 

Cash paid for franchise and income taxes 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Remeasurement of Class A Common Stock subject to redemption 

Excise Tax payable attributable to redemption of Common Stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

or more businesses (the Business Combination ). 

The financial statements presented in this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q do not reflect the redemption of the Public Shares as announced on November 8, 2024 and the cancellation of the Public
Warrants and Private Placement Warrants in connection with the decision of the Company to dissolve and liquidate. 

The Company was not limited to a particular industry
or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such,
the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

All activity through September 30, 2024 relates
to the Company s formation, the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on November 9, 2021 (the Initial
Public Offering or IPO ), which is described below, and subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target
company for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues as a result of its November 8, 2024 announcement
to dissolve and liquidate. The Company generated non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the
Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account (as defined and described below). 

The Registration Statements on Form S-1 for the
Initial Public Offering, initially filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February
22, 2021, as amended (File Nos. 333-253337 and 333-260794) were declared effective on November 4, 2021 (the IPO Registration
Statement ). On November 9, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units 
and, with respect to the (i) shares of the Class A Common Stock (as defined below) included in the Units offered, the Public Shares ,
and (ii) redeemable warrants included in the Units offered, the Public Warrants ), which includes the partial exercise by
the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 
(see Note 3). 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants and together with
the Public Warrants, the Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to New Providence
Acquisition II LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of (the Private Placement (see Note
4). 

Transaction costs amounted to , consisting
of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
on November 9, 2021, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public
Offering and the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement was placed in a U.S.-based trust account (the Trust Account ),
which was initially invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined
by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust
Account to the Company s stockholders, as described below. 

To mitigate the risk of being viewed as operating
an unregistered investment company, on April 12, 2024, the Company instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental ),
the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury obligations
or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to maintain the funds in the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing demand
deposit account at a bank until the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination and the liquidation of the Company. As a result,
following the liquidation of investments in the Trust Account, the remaining proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private
Placement are no longer invested in U.S. government securities or money market funds invested in U.S. government securities. Interest
on such deposit account is currently per annum, but such deposit account carries a variable rate and the Company cannot assure its
stockholders that such rate will not decrease or increase significantly. 

5 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

of
the net assets held in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust
Account) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination. The Company would only complete a Business
Combination if the post-Business Combination company owned or acquired or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquired a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. 

The Company would have provided its holders of
the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public
Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business
Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company would seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination
or conduct a tender offer would have been made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Stockholders would have been entitled
to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account per Public Share as of September
30, 2024), including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and net of taxes paid or payable). There would
be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Warrants. 

Prior to the Company s announcement on November
8, 2024 of its decision to dissolve and liquidate, the Company would have proceeded with a Business Combination only if the Company had
net tangible assets of at least either prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company had
sought stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted were voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote was
not required by law and the Company does not decided to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company would have,
pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended and currently in effect, the Amended and Restated
Charter ), conducted the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC
prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction was required by law, or the Company decided
to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company would have offered to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company had sought stockholder approval in
connection with a Business Combination, the Founder Share Holders (as defined in Note 5) agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined
in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally,
each Public Stockholder might elected to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction
or do not vote at all. Upon approval by the Company s stockholders of the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal (as defined below)
at the First Special Meeting (as defined below), the net tangible asset limitation was removed from the Amended and Restated Charter. 

Notwithstanding the above, if the Company had
sought stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it did not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended
and Restated Charter provided that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom
such stockholder was acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act )), would have been restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The Founder Share Holders have agreed (i) to waive
its redemption rights with respect to its Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business
Combination and (ii) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Charter (x) to modify the substance or timing of the ability
of the Public Stockholders to seek redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or the Company s obligation to
redeem of its Public Shares if the Company did not complete an initial Business Combination within 36 months from the closing of
the Initial Public Offering or (y) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless the Company provided the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction
with any such amendment. 

6 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption would have completely extinguish Public Stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board
of directors (the Board ), dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to the Warrants, which would have expired worthless if the Company had failed to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. 

The Founder Share Holders agreed to waive its
liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company had failed to complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period. However, if the Sponsor acquired Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares would have been entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company had failed to complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period. The underwriter of the Initial Public Offering had agreed to waive its rights to its deferred underwriting commission (see Note
6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company did not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in
such event, such amounts would have been included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that would have been available to fund
the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it was possible that the per share value of the assets remaining
available for distribution would have been less than the per Unit amount held in the Trust Account per Public Share as of September
30, 2024, net of taxes paid or payable). 

In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust
Account, the Founder Share Holders agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered
or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company had discussed entering into a transaction agreement,
reduced the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share or (ii) the actual amount per Public
Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due to reductions
in the value of the Trust Account assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability would have not applied to any claims by a third
party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account nor would have it
applied to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an
executed waiver was deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor would have not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. The Company would seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor would have to indemnify the Trust Account
due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company did business, execute agreements with the Company
waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

On July 23, 2024, the Company received a deficiency
letter from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Nasdaq Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that, for the preceding 30 consecutive business days, the Company s Market Value of Listed Securities MVLS was below the million minimum requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)
(the MVLS Requirement ). 

On September 10, 2024, the Company received a
written notice from the Nasdaq Staff notifying the Company that the Nasdaq Staff has determined that for the last 30 consecutive business
days, from August 14, 2024 to August 27, 2024, the Company s MVLS has been million or greater. Accordingly, the Company has
regained compliance with the MVLS Requirement and the Nasdaq Staff has indicated that the matter is now closed. 

Extensions of the Combination Period 

On May 5, 2023, the Company held a special meeting
in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders (the First Special Meeting ), to, among other things, amend the Amended and
Restated Charter to (i) extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a Business Combination from May 9, 2023 to May 9, 2024
(the First Extension Amendment Proposal and (ii) remove the limitation that the Company may not redeem Public Shares to
the extent that such redemption would result in the Company having net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1)
of the Exchange Act), of less than (the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal ). The stockholders of the Company
approved the First Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal at the First Special Meeting and on May
5, 2023, the Company filed the required amendments to the Amended and Restated Charter with the Secretary of State of Delaware. 

7 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Public Shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 
(the 2023 Redemptions ). 

On May 9, 2024, the Company held a special meeting
in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders (the Second Special Meeting ), to amend the Amended and Restated Charter to
extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a Business Combination from May 9, 2024 on a monthly basis, up to six (6) times,
until November 9, 2024, or such earlier date as may be determined by the Board (the Second Extension Amendment Proposal ).
The stockholders of the Company approved the Second Extension Amendment Proposal at the Second Special Meeting and on May 9, 2024, the
Company filed the required amendment to the Amended and Restated Charter with the Secretary of State of Delaware. 

In connection with the vote to approve the Second
Extension Amendment Proposal, Public Stockholders elected to redeem an aggregate of Public Shares for cash at a redemption price
of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . Following the Redemptions, the Company
has Public Shares outstanding. 

On November 8, 2024, the Company announced that
its Board has determined that the Company (i) would abandon and not implement the proposal to extend the date by which the Company must
consummate an initial business combination from November 9, 2024 to November 9, 2025, which proposal was approved by the Company s
stockholders at the special meeting of stockholders held on November 1, 2024, (ii) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up as soon as practicable, (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible redeem the Public Shares that were included in the Units issued in
the Company s IPO at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes
(less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law (the Redemption ), and (iv) as promptly as reasonably possible following the Redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and its Board, liquidate the funds held in the Trust Account (the
 Liquidation and dissolve the Company (the Dissolution ), subject in each case to its obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless. The Sponsor has agreed to waive its redemption
rights with respect to the shares of Class B common stock of the Company issued prior to the IPO, including shares of the Company s
Class A common stock issued upon conversion of the Class B common stock. 

In order to provide for the disbursement of funds from the Trust Account,
on November 11, 2024, the Company instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental ), as its trustee,
to take all necessary actions to effect the Liquidation. The proceeds thereof, less of interest to pay dissolution expenses and
net of franchise and income taxes payable, will be held in a trust operating account while awaiting disbursement to the holders of the
Public Shares. The Company expects to redeem all of the outstanding Public Shares for an estimated redemption price of approximately 
per share (the Redemption Amount after the payment of up to of dissolution expenses, but before the payment of
taxes. All other costs and expenses associated with implementing the Dissolution will be funded from proceeds held outside of the Trust
Account. Record holders of Public Shares will receive their pro rata portion of the proceeds of the Trust Account by delivering their
Public Shares to Continental, the Company s transfer agent. Beneficial owners of Public Shares held in street name, 
however, will not need to take any action in order to receive the Redemption Amount. The Redemption Amount is expected to be paid out
within ten business days after the instruction to Continental to commence the Redemption and Liquidation. 

Founder Share Conversions 

On May 5, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate
of shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value per share (the Class A Common Stock to the Sponsor upon the conversion of an equal number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value per share
(the Class B Common Stock, and together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock held by the Sponsor
as Founder Shares (the 2023 Founder Share Conversion ). The shares of Class A Common Stock issued in
connection with the 2023 Founder Share Conversion are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B Common Stock before the
2023 Founder Share Conversion (see Note 5). 

On July 29, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate
of shares of Class A Common Stock to the (i) Sponsor, and (ii) Rick Mazer, Dan Ginsberg, Tim Gannon, Terry Wilson and Greg Stevens,
the Company s independent directors at the time of its Initial Public Offering (collectively, the Founder Shareholders ),
upon the conversion of an equal number of shares of the Class B Common Stock held by the Founder Shareholders (the 2024 Founder
Share Conversion ). The shares of Class A Common Stock issued in connection with the 2024 Founder Share Conversion are
subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B Common Stock before the 2024 Founder Share Conversion. As a result of the 2024
Founder Share Conversion, the Company had an aggregate of (x) shares of Class A Common Stock and (y) share of Class B Common
Stock issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024. 

Share Transfer Agreements 

In connection with the First Special Meeting,
the Company and the Sponsor entered into share transfer agreements with several holders of Public Shares, pursuant to which such holders
agreed not to redeem an aggregate of shares of Class A Common Stock (the Non-Redeemed Stock ). In exchange for
the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Stock, the Sponsor agreed to forfeit and surrender to the Company, for no consideration,
an aggregate of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock held by the Sponsor, at the closing of the initial
Business Combination, and the Company agreed to issue an aggregate of shares of Class A Common Stock to such holders at such
time. 

8 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

in its operating bank accounts, of which was restricted to pay for taxes, in cash held in the Trust Account to be used for
a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its Common Stock in connection therewith and a working capital deficit of .
Approximately of interest income earned on funds held in the Trust Account is available to pay for taxes. 

Prior to the Company s announcement on November
8, 2024 of its decision to dissolve and liquidate, the Company was using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating
prospective Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures,
selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standards
Update ASU Topic 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, 
management has determined that the Company currently lacks the liquidity it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time,
which is considered to be at least one year from the date that the condensed financial statements are issued as it expects to continue
to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. The Company announced on November 8, 2024 its decision to dissolve and
liquidate with a redemption of the Company s Public Shares which occurred on November 26, 2024. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets
or liabilities should the Company liquidate after November 26, 2024. The Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation date
as of the time of filing of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023 (the Excise Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing
corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the Excise Tax is generally of the fair market
value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the Excise Tax, repurchasing corporations
are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the
same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the Excise Tax. The Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations
and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the Excise Tax. In April 2024, the Treasury issued proposed
regulations providing guidance with respect to the Excise Tax. Taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until final regulations
are issued. Under the proposed regulations, liquidating distributions made by publicly traded domestic corporations are exempt from the
Excise Tax. In addition, any redemptions that occur in the same taxable year as a liquidation is completed will also be exempt from such
tax. 

Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs
after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the Excise Tax. Whether
and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise
would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business
Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE 
or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination
but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury.
In addition, because the Excise Tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment
of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business
Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

On May 5, 2023, in the 2023 Redemptions, Public
Stockholders elected to redeem Public Shares for a total of and on May 9, 2024, in the 2024 Redemptions, Public
Stockholders elected to redeem Public Shares for a total of . As such the Company has recorded a Excise Tax liability
in the aggregate amount of on the accompanying condensed balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. The liability does not impact
the accompanying unaudited condensed statements of operations and is offset against additional paid-in capital or accumulated deficit
if additional paid-in capital is not available. 

9 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

interest per annum and
a underpayment penalty per month or portion of a month up to of the total liability for any amount that is unpaid from November
1, 2024 until paid in full. On October 28, 2024, the Company has filed an excise tax return for the year ended December 31, 2023. As of
the date of filing of these financial statements the Company has not yet paid the amount due. 

The Company s results of operations and
its ability to complete an initial Business Combination could have been adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic
uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which were beyond the Company s control. The Company s business
could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation,
increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, including geopolitical instability,
such as the military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East. The Company cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or
more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they could negatively impact its business. 

10 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

of interest from the Trust Account since inception to pay for taxes. There was and of cash that was restricted to pay for taxes
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

per annum, but such deposit
account carries a variable rate and the Company cannot assure its stockholders that such rate will not decrease or increase significantly. 

11 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Common Stock subject to possible redemption, March 31, 2024 

Less: 

Redemption of Class A Common Stock subject to redemption 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Common Stock subject to possible redemption, June 30, 2024 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Common Stock subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

, of which were allocated to Class A Common Stock and were allocated to equity
Warrants. 

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively,
and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory
tax rate of for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, primarily due to the valuation allowance on the deferred
tax assets. 

12 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Class A Common Stock in the aggregate. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts
that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into Common Stock and then share in the (loss) income of the Company. As a result,
diluted net (loss) income per common stock is the same as basic net (loss) income per Common Stock for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average Common Stock outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per share of Common Stock 

13 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common stock outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share of common stock 

. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had not experienced
losses on this account and management believes the Company was not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

14 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Units, which included a partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of Units,
at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Public Share and one-third of one Public Warrant. Each Public Warrant
entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). As discussed
in Note 1, the Company announced on November 8, 2024 its decision to dissolve and liquidate with a redemption of the Company s public
shares which occurred on November 26, 2024. The Company will be cancelling the Public Warrants in connection with its liquidation. 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an
aggregate purchase price of , in the Private Placement. Each Private Placement Warrant was exercisable to purchase one Class
A Common Stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement
was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. Because the Company will not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period as discussed in Note 1, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be
used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will
expire worthless. 

to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for shares of Class B Common Stock (the Founder Shares ).
In February 2021, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to each of the Company s independent directors at that time, Rick
Mazer, Dan Ginsberg, Tim Gannon, Terry Wilson and Greg Stevens (collectively with the Sponsor, the Founder Share Holders ).
On November 4, 2021, the Company effected a stock capitalization resulting in the Sponsor any other holders of the Founder Shares prior
to the Initial Public Offering (or their permitted transferees) (collectively, the Initial Stockholders holding shares
of its Class B Common Stock. Following the underwriter s election to partially exercise its over-allotment option at the Initial
Public Offering and forfeiture by the underwriters of the remaining outstanding option, Founder Shares were forfeited. 

15 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Founder Shares granted to the Company s directors was or per share. The Founder Shares were granted
subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares
was recognized only when the performance condition was probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance.
As of September 30, 2024, the Company determined the performance conditions were not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based
compensation expense had been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date the performance conditions were considered
probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares vested times the grant
date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. 

The Founder Share Holders have agreed, subject
to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after
the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class
A Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the
date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of
the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property. 

On May 5, 2023, in connection with the First Special
Meeting, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Class A Common Stock to the Sponsor upon the conversion of an
equal number of shares of Class B Common Stock held by the Sponsor as Founder Shares. The shares of Class A Common Stock
issued in connection with the 2023 Founder Share Conversion are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B Common Stock
before the 2023 Founder Share Conversion as described above. 

On July 29, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate
of shares of Class A Common Stock to the Founder Shareholders upon the conversion of an equal number of shares of Class B Common
Stock held by them. The shares of Class A Common Stock issued in connection with the 2024 Founder Share Conversion are subject to the
same restrictions applicable to the shares of Class B Common Stock prior to the 2024 Founder Share Conversion, including certain transfer
restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of a Business Combination, as described in the IPO Registration
Statement. Following the 2024 Founder Share Conversion, there are shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding and
 share of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

The shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon
the 2024 Founder Share Conversion have not been registered under the Securities Act in reliance on the exemption from registration provided
by Section 3(a)(9) thereof. 

The Company effected the 2024 Founder Share Conversion
to regain compliance with the MVLS Requirement. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing
on November 4, 2021 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay the
Sponsor a total of up to per month for, among other things, the provision of the services of one or more investment professionals,
who may be related parties of the Sponsor or of one of the Company s executive officers. For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, the Company incurred and in fees for these services, respectively, of which is included in accounts
payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying condensed balance sheets for the period ended September 30, 2024. For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred and , respectively, in fees for these services, of which 
is recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying condensed balance sheets for the period ended September 30, 2023. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s directors and officers may,
but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a
Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company.
Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may
be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. Any warrants issued upon conversion
of the Working Capital Loans would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company
had no Working Capital Loans. 

16 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

to the Sponsor (the First Promissory Note ). The First Promissory
Note bears no interest and has been amended and restated to be payable in full upon the earlier of (i) the date of the consummation of
the initial Business Combination, and (ii) the date of the Company s liquidation (see Note 1). The Company and the Sponsor agree
that the Company may request up to for costs reasonably related to the Business Combination. The principal of the First Promissory
Note may be drawn down upon written request from the Company to the Sponsor (each, a Drawdown Request ). Each Drawdown Request
must state the amount to be drawn down and must not be an amount less than unless agreed upon by the Company and the Sponsor. As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was outstanding under the First Promissory Note. 

On March 7, 2024, the Company issued a non-interest
bearing promissory note to the Sponsor to borrow up to (the Second Promissory Note , and together with the First
Promissory Note, the Promissory Notes ). 

On May 20, 2024, the Promissory Notes were amended
and restated to be payable in full upon the earlier of (i) the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, and (ii)
the date of the Company s liquidation. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. The rest of the terms of the Promissory
Notes remain the same, including that the Promissory Notes bear no interest. 

On July 18, 2024, the Second Promissory Note was
amended and restated to increase the principal balance available under the Second Promissory Note from to . The rest
of the terms of the Second Promissory Note remain the same, including that the Second Promissory Note bears no interest. Through September
30, 2024, the Company has borrowed under the Second Promissory Note and an aggregate of remains available to borrow
under the Second Promissory Note, as amended and restated. As of September 30, 2024, there was outstanding under the Second Promissory
Note. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
respectively, there was an aggregate of and outstanding under the Promissory Notes. 

per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee would have become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held
in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completed a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement,
dated November 4, 2021, by and between the Company and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. As discussed in Note 1, the Company announced
on November 8, 2024 its decision to dissolve and liquidate. 

Consulting Services Arrangements 

The Company had arrangements with third-party
consultants to provide services to the Company relating to identification of and negotiation with potential targets, assistance with due
diligence, marketing, financial analyses and investor relations. These arrangements, which were terminated in June 2023, provide for aggregate
monthly fees of approximately . For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not incur any fees for
these services. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred and , respectively. 

17 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

shares of preferred
stock at a par value. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Class A Common Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue up to 
shares of Class A Common Stock at a par value per share. Holders of the Class A Common Stock are entitled to vote for each
share. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding
(excluding and shares of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption), respectively. 

Class B Common Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue up to 
shares of Class B Common Stock at a par value per share. Holders of the Class B Common Stock are entitled to vote for each
share. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was and shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding,
respectively. 

Holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common
Stock vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as required by law. 

The shares of Class B Common Stock was to automatically
convert into shares of Class A Common Stock (a) at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof and (b) automatically
upon the closing of the Business Combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like). In the case that additional shares of Class A Common Stock, or equity-linked securities, had been issued
or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination,
the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock should be converted into shares of Class A Common Stock would be adjusted (unless the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock agreed to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance
or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B Common Stock
would have equaled, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, (taking into account any shares of Class A Common Stock held by the
Sponsor in connection with its prior conversion) of the sum of the total number of all shares of Common Stock outstanding upon completion
of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A Common Stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination,
and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of Working Capital Loans made to
the Company). 

18 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

shares of Class A Common Stock to the Sponsor upon the conversion of an equal number of shares of the Class B Common
Stock held by the Sponsor as Founder Shares. The shares of Class A Common Stock issued in connection with the 2023 Founder
Share Conversion are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B Common Stock before the 2023 Founder Share Conversion.
On July 29, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Class A Common Stock to the Founding Shareholders upon the conversion
of an equal number of shares of the Class B Common Stock held by them. The shares of Class A Common Stock issued in connection
with the 2024 Founder Share Conversion were subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B Common Stock before the 2024 Founder
Share Conversion. As a result of the 2023 Founder Share Conversion, the 2023 Redemptions, the 2024 Redemptions, and the 2024 Founder Share
Conversion, the Company had an aggregate of (x) shares of Class A Common Stock and (y) share of Class B Common Stock issued
and outstanding at September 30, 2024. 

Warrants 

At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
were Public Warrants issued and outstanding. Public Warrants would have only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional
shares would have been issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants would have become exercisable on the later of
(i) 30 days after the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public
Warrants would have expired from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or the Company s
liquidation. As discussed in Note 1, the Company announced on November 8, 2024 its decision to dissolve and liquidate. There will be no
redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company's warrants, which will expire worthless. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were Private Placement Warrants issued and outstanding. The Private Placement Warrants were identical to the Public Warrants
underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants were not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business
Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants were exercisable on a cashless basis
and were non-redeemable. 

19 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

20 

NEW PROVIDENCE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

under the Second Promissory Note, resulting in the Second Promissory Note being fully drawn. 

On November 1, 2024, the Company held a special
meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders (the Meeting ), to amend the Amended and Restated Charter to extend
the date by which the Company has to consummate a Business Combination from November 9, 2024 on a monthly basis, up to twelve (12) times,
until November 9, 2025 (the Third Extension Amendment Proposal ). The stockholders of the Company approved the Third Extension
Amendment Proposal at the Meeting. 

On November 4, 2024, the Company received
a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq stating that, pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule IM-5101-2 Rule
IM-5101-2 ), the Staff of Nasdaq Staff had determined that (i) the Company s securities will be delisted from
Nasdaq, (ii) trading of the Company s Class A common stock, warrants, and units will be suspended at the opening of business on
November 11, 2024 and (iii) a Form 25-NSE will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which will remove the Company s
securities from listing and registration on Nasdaq. Under Rule IM-5101-2, a special purpose acquisition company must complete one or more
business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its initial public offering registration statement. Since the Company failed
to complete its initial business combination by November 4, 2024, the Staff concluded that the Company did not comply with Rule IM-5101-2
and that the Company s securities are now subject to delisting. 

On November 8, 2024, the Company announced that
its Board has determined that the Company (i) will abandon and not implement the proposal to extend the date by which the Company must
consummate an initial business combination from November 9, 2024 to November 9, 2025, which proposal was approved by the Company s
stockholders at the special meeting of stockholders held on November 1, 2024, (ii) will cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up as soon as practicable, (iii) will as promptly as reasonably possible redeem the Public Shares that were included in the units
issued in the Company s IPO at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income
taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law (the Redemption ), and (iv) will as promptly as reasonably possible following the Redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and its Board, liquidate the funds held in the Trust Account (the
 Liquidation and dissolve the Company (the Dissolution ), subject in each case to its obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless. New Providence Acquisition II LLC, the Company s
sponsor, has agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to the shares of Class B common stock of the Company issued prior to the
IPO, including shares of the Company s Class A common stock issued upon conversion of the Class B common stock. 

In order to provide for the disbursement of funds
from the Trust Account, on November 11, 2024, the Company instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental ),
as its trustee, to take all necessary actions to effect the Liquidation. The proceeds thereof, less of interest to pay dissolution
expenses and net of franchise and income taxes payable, will be held in a trust operating account while awaiting disbursement to the holders
of the Public Shares. The Company expects to redeem all of the outstanding Public Shares for an estimated redemption price of approximately
 per share (the Redemption Amount after the payment of up to of dissolution expenses, but before the payment
of taxes. All other costs and expenses associated with implementing the Dissolution will be funded from proceeds held outside of the Trust
Account. Record holders of Public Shares will receive their pro rata portion of the proceeds of the Trust Account by delivering their
Public Shares to Continental, the Company s transfer agent. Beneficial owners of Public Shares held in street name, 
however, will not need to take any action in order to receive the Redemption Amount. The Redemption Amount is expected to be paid out
within ten business days after the instruction to Continental to commence the Redemption and Liquidation. 

21 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than
statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements under this Item regarding our financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of Management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used
in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our Management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
are based on the beliefs of our Management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our Management. Actual
results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our
filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are
qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial
statements and the notes thereto included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements . 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated under
the laws of the State of Delaware on November 16, 2020 for the purpose of effectuating a Business Combination. The Company announced on
November 8, 2024 that its board of directors (the Board has determined that the Company (i) will abandon and not implement
the proposal to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination from November 9, 2024 to November
9, 2025, it has decided to dissolve and liquidate with a redemption of its public shares which occurred on November 26, 2024. Prior to
the Company s announcement, we intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public
Offering and our Private Placement, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

On November 9, 2021, we consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 25,000,000 Units, which included the partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in
the amount of 2,500,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 8,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrants in
the Private Placement to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 12,000,000. 

Following our Initial Public
Offering and the Private Placement, a total of 255,000,000 was placed in our Trust Account. We incurred 14,566,172 in Initial Public
Offering related costs, including 5,000,000 of underwriting fees, 8,750,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and 816,172 of other offering
costs. 

On January 24, 2024, the SEC adopted the 2024
SPAC Rules, which became effective on July 1, 2024. The 2024 SPAC Rules would have required, among other matters, (i) additional disclosures
relating to SPAC Business Combination transactions (ii) additional disclosures relating to dilution and to conflicts of interest
involving sponsors and their affiliates in both SPAC initial public offerings and Business Combination transactions; (iii) additional
disclosures regarding projections included in SEC filings in connection with proposed Business Combination transactions and (iv)
the requirement that both the SPAC and its target company be co-registrants for Business Combination registration statements. In addition,
the SEC s adopting release provided guidance describing circumstances in which a SPAC could become subject to regulation under the
Investment Company Act, including its duration, asset composition, business purpose, and the activities of the SPAC and its management
team in furtherance of such goals. The 2024 SPAC Rules may materially affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business
Combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

Recent Developments 

On July 18, 2024, the Second
Promissory Note was amended and restated to increase the principal balance available under the Second Promissory Note from 400,000 to
 900,000. The rest of the terms of the Second Promissory Note remain the same, including that the Second Promissory Note bears no interest.
Through September 30, 2024, we have borrowed 500,000 in the aggregate under the Second Promissory Note and an aggregate of 400,000 remains
available to borrow under the Promissory Notes, as amended and restated. On October 16, 2024, we borrowed an additional 400,000 under
the Second Promissory Note, resulting in the Second Promissory Note being fully drawn. 

On July 23, 2024, we received
a deficiency letter from the Nasdaq Staff notifying us that, for the preceding 30 consecutive business days, our MVLS was below the 50
million minimum requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market pursuant to the MVLS Requirement. 

On September 10, 2024, the
Company received a written notice from the Nasdaq Staff notifying the Company that the Nasdaq Staff has determined that for the last 30
consecutive business days, from August 14, 2024 to August 27, 2024, the Company s MVLS has been 50 million or greater. Accordingly,
the Company has regained compliance with the MVLS Requirement and the Nasdaq Staff has indicated that the matter is now closed. 

22 

On July 29, 2024, we issued
an aggregate of 3,249,999 shares of Class A Common Stock to the Founder Shareholders upon the conversion of an equal number of shares
of Class B Common Stock held by them. The shares of Class A Common Stock issued in connection with the 2024 Founder Share Conversion are
subject to the same restrictions applicable to the shares of Class B Common Stock prior to the 2024 Founder Share Conversion, including
certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of a Business Combination, as described
in the IPO Registration Statement. Following the 2024 Founder Share Conversion there are 6,932,523 shares of Class A Common Stock issued
and outstanding and one share of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

The shares of Class A Common
Stock issued upon the 2024 Founder Share Conversion have not been registered under the Securities Act in reliance on the exemption from
registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) thereof. 

We effected the 2024 Founder
Share Conversion to regain compliance with the MVLS Requirement. 

On November 4, 2024, the Company received
a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq stating that, pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule IM-5101-2 Rule
IM-5101-2 ), the Staff of Nasdaq Staff had determined that (i) the Company s securities will be delisted
from Nasdaq, (ii) trading of the Company s Class A common stock, warrants, and units will be suspended at the opening of business
on November 11, 2024 and (iii) a Form 25-NSE will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which will remove the Company s
securities from listing and registration on Nasdaq. Under Rule IM-5101-2, a special purpose acquisition company must complete one or
more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its initial public offering registration statement. Since the Company
failed to complete its initial business combination by November 4, 2024, the Staff concluded that the Company did not comply with Rule
IM-5101-2 and that the Company s securities are now subject to delisting. 

Extensions of Our Combination Period 

On May 5, 2023, we held the
First Special Meeting, to, among other things, amend the Amended and Restated Charter to (i) extend the Combination Period from May 9,
2023 to May 9, 2024 and (ii) remove the limitation that we may not redeem Public Shares to the extent that such redemption would result
in us having net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act), of less than 5,000,001. Our
stockholders approved the First Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal at the First Special Meeting
and on May 5, 2023, we filed the required amendments to the Amended and Restated Charter with the Secretary of State of Delaware. 

In connection with the vote
to approve the First Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal, Public Stockholders elected to redeem
an aggregate of 19,732,125 Public Shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.41 per share, for an aggregate redemption
amount of approximately 205,478,750 in the 2023 Redemptions. 

On May 9, 2024, we held the
Second Special Meeting, to amend the Amended and Restated Charter to extend the Combination Period from May 9, 2024 on a monthly basis,
up to six (6) times, until November 9, 2024, or such earlier date as may be determined by the Board. Our stockholders approved the Second
Extension Amendment Proposal at the Second Special Meeting and on May 9, 2024, we filed the required amendment to the Amended and Restated
Charter with the Secretary of State of Delaware. 

In connection with the vote
to approve the Second Extension Amendment Proposal, Public Stockholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 4,585,351 Public Shares for
cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.89 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 49.95 million in the
2024 Redemptions. Following the 2024 Redemptions, we have 682,524 Public Shares outstanding. 

On November 1, 2024, the Company held a special
meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders (the Meeting ), to amend the Amended and Restated Charter to extend
the date by which the Company has to consummate a Business Combination from November 9, 2024 on a monthly basis, up to twelve (12) times,
until November 9, 2025 (the Third Extension Amendment Proposal ). The stockholders of the Company approved the Third Extension
Amendment Proposal at the Meeting. 

On November 8, 2024, the Company announced that
its Board has determined that the Company (i) will abandon and not implement the proposal to extend the date by which the Company must
consummate an initial business combination from November 9, 2024 to November 9, 2025, which proposal was approved by the Company s
stockholders at the special meeting of stockholders held on November 1, 2024, (ii) will cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up as soon as practicable, (iii) will as promptly as reasonably possible redeem the Public Shares that were included in the units
issued in the Company s IPO at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income
taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law (the Redemption ), and (iv) will as promptly as reasonably possible following the Redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and its Board, liquidate the funds held in the Trust Account (the
 Liquidation and dissolve the Company (the Dissolution ), subject in each case to its obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless. New Providence Acquisition II LLC, the Company s
sponsor, has agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to the shares of Class B common stock of the Company issued prior to the
IPO, including shares of the Company s Class A common stock issued upon conversion of the Class B common stock. 

23 

In order to provide for the disbursement of funds from the Trust Account,
on November 11, 2024, the Company instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental ), as its trustee,
to take all necessary actions to effect the Liquidation. The proceeds thereof, less 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses
and net of franchise and income taxes payable, will be held in a trust operating account while awaiting disbursement to the holders of
the Public Shares. The Company expects to redeem all of the outstanding Public Shares for an estimated redemption price of approximately
 10.90 per share (the Redemption Amount after the payment of up to 100,000 of dissolution expenses, but before the payment
of taxes. All other costs and expenses associated with implementing the Dissolution will be funded from proceeds held outside of the
Trust Account. Record holders of Public Shares will receive their pro rata portion of the proceeds of the Trust Account by delivering
their Public Shares to Continental, the Company s transfer agent. Beneficial owners of Public Shares held in street name, 
however, will not need to take any action in order to receive the Redemption Amount. The Redemption Amount is expected to be paid out
within ten business days after the instruction to Continental to commence the Redemption and Liquidation. 

Founder Share Conversions 

On May 5, 2023, the Company
issued an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class
A Common Stock to the Sponsor upon the conversion of an equal number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par
value 0.0001 per share (the Class B Common Stock, and together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock held by the Sponsor as Founder Shares (the 2023 Founder Share Conversion ). The 3,000,000 shares of Class A Common
Stock issued in connection with the 2023 Founder Share Conversion are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B Common
Stock before the 2023 Founder Share Conversion (see Note 5). 

On July 29, 2024, the Company
issued an aggregate of 3,249,999 shares of Class A Common Stock to the (i) Sponsor, and (ii) Rick Mazer, Dan Ginsberg, Tim Gannon, Terry
Wilson and Greg Stevens, the Company s independent directors at the time of its Initial Public Offering (the Founder Shareholders ),
upon the conversion of an equal number of shares of the Class B Common Stock held by the Founder Shareholders (the 2024 Founder
Share Conversion ). The 3,249,999 shares of Class A Common Stock issued in connection with the 2024 Founder Share Conversion are
subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B Common Stock before the 2024 Founder Share Conversion. As a result of the Founder
Share Conversion, the Company had an aggregate of (x) 6,932,523 shares of Class A Common Stock and (y) one share of Class B Common Stock
issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare
for our Initial Public Offering and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating
revenues as a result of its November 8, 2024 announcement to dissolve and liquidate. We generated non-operating income in the form of
interest income on cash and marketable securities held in our Trust Account. We incurred expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence and other expenses in connection with
searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 292,612, which consisted of operating costs of 368,515 and a provision for income taxes of
 8,985, offset by interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account of 84,888. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2023, we had net income of 225,699, which consisted of interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust
Account of 722,208, offset by operating costs of 355,345 and a provision for income taxes of 141,164. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 356,389 , which consisted of operating costs of 1,330,422 and a provision for income taxes
of 223,273, offset by interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 1,197,306. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, we had net income of 2,945,394, which consisted of interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust
Account of 5,138,865, offset by operating costs of 1,145,809 and provision for income taxes of 1,047,662. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect our Results
of Operations 

Our results of operations and our ability to complete
an initial Business Combination could be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in
the financial markets, many of which were beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the
financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions,
declines in consumer confidence and spending, public health considerations, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflicts
in Ukraine and the Middle East. We cannot at this time predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude
or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial Business Combination. 

24 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, cash used in operating activities was 1,277,682. Net loss of 356,389 was affected by interest income on cash and
marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 1,197,306. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 276,013 of cash for
operating activities. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, cash used in operating activities was 1,625,474. Net income of 2,945,394 was affected by interest income on marketable
securities held in the Trust Account of 5,138,865 and a deferred tax provision of 148,862. Changes in operating assets and liabilities
provided 716,859 of cash for operating activities. 

As of September 30, 2024,
we had cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 7,504,714 (including approximately 543,000 of interest income) consisting
of cash held in a demand deposit account. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account can be used by us to pay taxes. From our
inception through September 30, 2024, we have withdrawn an aggregate of 2,730,500 of interest earned from the Trust Account to pay tax
obligations, in which 2,730,500 was used to pay for taxes and 0 was restricted cash to pay for taxes. 

Prior to our announcement on November 8, 2024
of the decision to dissolve and liquidate, we had planned to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any
amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt was used, in whole or in part, as consideration
to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account would have been used as working capital to finance
the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash held outside
the Trust Account of 3,400, of which 0 was restricted to pay for taxes. Prior to our announcement of our intention to dissolve and liquidate,
we intended to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due
diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses
or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure,
negotiate and complete a Business Combination. Subsequent to the announcement of our intention to dissolve and liquidate, we intend to
use such funds to pay expenses associated with the liquidation and to settle outstanding liabilities of the Company. 

On September 15, 2023, we
issued the First Promissory Note in the principal amount of 300,000 to the Sponsor. The First Promissory Note bears no interest and was
amended and restated on May 20, 2024 to be payable in full upon the earlier of (i) the date of the consummation of the initial Business
Combination, and (ii) the date of our liquidation. We agreed with the Sponsor that we may request up to 300,000 for costs reasonably
related to the Business Combination. The principal of the First Promissory Note may be drawn down upon written request from us to the
Sponsor. Each such request must state the amount to be drawn down, and must not be an amount less than 1,000, unless agreed upon by us
and the Sponsor. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was 290,000 outstanding under the First Promissory Note. 

On March 7, 2024, we issued
the Second Promissory Note to our Sponsor to borrow up to 400,000. The Second Promissory Note bears no interest and was amended and restated
on May 20, 2024 to be payable in full upon the earlier of (i) the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, and (ii)
the date of our liquidation. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. 

On July 18, 2024, the Second
Promissory Note was amended and restated to increase the principal balance available under the Second Promissory Note from 400,000 to
 900,000. The rest of the terms of the Second Promissory Note remain the same, including that the Second Promissory Note bears no interest.
Through September 30, 2024, the Company has borrowed 500,000 under the Second Promissory Note and an aggregate of 400,000 remains available
to borrow under the Second Promissory Note, as amended and restated. As of September 30, 2024, there was 500,000 outstanding under the
Second Promissory Note. On October 16, 2024, we borrowed an additional 400,000 under the Second Promissory Note, resulting in the Second
Promissory Note being fully drawn. 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, there was an aggregate of 790,000 and 290,000 outstanding under the Promissory Notes, respectively. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates might have, but were not obligated to, loan us Working Capital Loans as may be required. As we have not completed a Business
Combination within the Combination Period and have announced our intention to dissolve and liquidate, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of
 1.50 per warrant. Any warrants issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

25 

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU Topic 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has
determined that the Company currently lacks the liquidity it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered
to be at least one year from the date that the condensed financial statements are issued as it expects to continue to incur significant
costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. The Company announced on November 8, 2024 its decision to dissolve and liquidate with a redemption
of the Company s public shares which occurred on November 26, 2024. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company
liquidate after November 26, 2024. The Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation date as of the time of filing of this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

To mitigate the risk of being
viewed as operating an unregistered investment company, on April 12, 2024, we instructed Continental, the trustee with respect to
the Trust Account, to liquidate the Treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to maintain the
funds in the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank until the earlier of the consummation
of a Business Combination and our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the Trust Account, the
remaining proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement are no longer invested in U.S. government securities or money
market funds invested in U.S. government securities. Interest on such deposit account is currently 4.5 per annum, but such deposit account
carries a variable rate and we cannot assure our stockholders that such rate will not decrease or increase significantly. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities ,
which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased
any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than the Administrative Support Agreement, pursuant to which,
we pay our Sponsor a total of up to 20,000 per month for, among other things, the provision of the services of one or more investment
professionals, who might be related parties of our Sponsor or of one of our executive officers. 

The underwriter of the Initial Public Offering
was entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 8,750,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee would have become payable to the underwriter
from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we completed a business combination, subject to the terms of the Underwriting
Agreement. 

In connection with the First
Special Meeting, we entered into share transfer agreements with the Sponsor and several holders of Public Shares, pursuant to which such
holders agreed not to redeem an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to
redeem such Public Shares, the Sponsor agreed to forfeit and surrender to us, for no consideration, an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of
Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock held by the Sponsor, at the closing of the initial Business Combination, and we agreed to
issue an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of Class A Common Stock to such holders at such time. 

26 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of the unaudited
condensed financial statements included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities in our unaudited condensed financial statements included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements .
On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued
expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Such estimates may be subject to change as more current information becomes available
and, accordingly, actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

We consider an accounting
estimate to be critical if: (i) the accounting estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the
time the accounting estimate was made, and (ii) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period or use
of different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material impact on our financial condition
or results of operations. There are items within our unaudited condensed financial statement that require estimation but are not deemed
critical, as defined above. 

As of the end of the reporting
period, we have not identified any critical accounting estimates. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In June 2016, the FASB issued
ASU Topic 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). This update requires financial assets measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount
expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events, including historical
experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. Since
June 2016, the FASB issued clarifying updates to the new standard including changing the effective date for smaller reporting companies.
The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early
adoption permitted. We adopted ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2023. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 did not have a material impact on the unaudited
condensed financial statements and notes thereto included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements . 

In December 2023, the FASB
issued ASU Topic 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ASU 2023-09 ),
which requires disclosure of incremental income tax information within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes
paid, among other disclosure requirements. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption
is permitted. Management does not believe the adoption of ASU 2023-09 will have a material impact on the unaudited condensed financial
statements and notes thereto included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements . 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our
unaudited condensed financial statements included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements . 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (the Certifying Officer ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

27 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our Management, including our Certifying Officer, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the
foregoing, our Certifying Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2024, due to (i) identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting related to
properly recording and accruing expenses and (ii) a material weakness identified during the December 31, 2023 audit related to proper
safeguarding of Trust Account assets, reporting of appropriate disclosure and monitoring process over the use of Trust Account funds,
both disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that
our unaudited condensed financial statements included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements were prepared in
accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, Management believes that the unaudited condensed financial statements included in this Report present
fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. As of September
30, 2024, the identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting have not yet been remediated. 

In light of this material
weakness, we have enhanced our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and
understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements including making greater use of third-party
professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished
over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. We believe our efforts will
enhance our controls relating to accounting for complex financial transactions, but we can offer no assurance that our controls will not
require additional review and modification in the future as industry accounting practice may evolve over time. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than as discussed above,
there have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 that
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

28 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our Management,
there is no material litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such
or against any of our property. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company
under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. For additional risks relating to our
operations, other than as set forth below, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our (i) IPO Registration Statement,
(ii) 2023 Annual Report, 2022 Annual Report and 2021 Annual Report, (iii) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended
March 31, 2024, June 30, 2022 and March 31, 2022, as filed with the SEC on May 21, 2024, August 10, 2022 and May 13, 2022, respectively,
and (iv) Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, as filed with the SEC on April 18, 2024 Any of these factors could result in a significant
or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our
business or ability to consummate an initial Business Combination. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional
risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

If we fail to consummate our initial Business
Combination by November 4, 2024, our securities will be suspended from trading on Nasdaq and subject to potential delisting, which may
have a material adverse effect on the trading of our securities and our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

Our IPO Registration Statement
was declared effective by the SEC on November 4, 2021 and our securities are currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Market. Pursuant to
our Amended and Restated Charter, we have until November 9, 2025 if all monthly extensions are implemented (or such earlier date as determined
by the Board) to consummate our initial Business Combination. Nasdaq s rules and guidance currently provide that SPACs (such as
us) must satisfy certain listing conditions, including that a SPAC must complete one or more Business Combinations meeting certain conditions
within 36 months of the effectiveness of its initial public offering registration statement (the 36-Month Requirement ).
If a SPAC does not meet the 36-Month Requirement, it will receive a Staff Delisting Determination from Nasdaq which, among other things,
informs the SPAC that (i) its securities will be suspended as of a date certain; (ii) it has a right to request review of the Staff Delisting
Determination by a Hearings Panel; and (iii) a timely request for such review will stay the suspension and delisting action pending the
issuance of a written decision of the Hearings Panel. The Hearings Panel may, where it deems appropriate, grant an exception to the continued
listing standards for a period not to exceed 180 days from the date of the Staff Delisting Determination. The basis for the Staff Delisting
Determination may be cured if, for example, a SPAC completes an initial Business Combination during the period of the stay. 

On July 8, 2024, Nasdaq filed
with the SEC a proposal to change the rules applicable to the foregoing procedures (the Proposed Nasdaq Rules that includes
removing the stay referred to above so that a SPAC s securities will be immediately suspended from trading on Nasdaq through the
pendency of the Hearings Panel s review. In addition, under the Proposed Nasdaq Rules, the scope of the Hearings Panel s review
would be limited, as the Hearings Panel may only reverse a Staff Delisting Determination where it determines that the Staff Delisting
Determination was in error and that the SPAC never failed to satisfy the 36-Month Requirement. In such cases, the Hearings Panel would
not be able to consider facts indicating that the SPAC had regained compliance since the date of the Staff Delisting Determination, nor
may the Hearings Panel grant an exception allowing the SPAC additional time to regain compliance. If a SPAC completes a Business Combination
after receiving a Staff Delisting Determination and/or demonstrates compliance with all applicable initial listing requirements, the combined
company could apply to list its securities on Nasdaq pursuant to the normal application review process. The Proposed Nasdaq Rules contained
a list of deficiencies that would immediately result in a Staff Delisting Determination, which includes noncompliance with the 36-Month
Requirement. 

On July 15, 2024, the SEC
issued a release approving the immediate effectiveness of the Proposed Nasdaq Rules. The Proposed Nasdaq Rules will become operative on
October 7, 2024. 

29 

Accordingly, unless we are
able to consummate our initial Business Combination on or prior to November 4, 2024, our securities will be suspended from trading on
Nasdaq and subject to potential delisting. If Nasdaq were to suspend our securities from trading, or delist our securities, our securities
could potentially be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences,
including: 

our
ability to complete an initial Business Combination with a target company contemplating a Nasdaq listing, as we would be a less attractive
acquiror absent a listing on a national exchange; 

a
limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
liquidity for our securities; 

a
determination that our Class A Common Stock is a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our Class A Common
Stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for
our securities; 

a
limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

In addition, if our securities
are delisted from Nasdaq, offers and sales of our securities by us may be subject to regulation and we may be subject to additional compliance
costs in each state in which we offer or sell our securities. 

Our Public Stockholders exercise
of redemption rights with respect to a large number of Public Shares in the 2023 Redemptions and 2024 Redemptions may affect our ability
to complete an initial Business Combination in the most desirable manner that will optimize the capital structure of the combined company,
or at all. 

Over the past two years,
the redemption rate of shares held by public stockholders of SPACs at the time of a stockholder meeting that approves an amendment to
the charter of the SPAC or the initial Business Combination of the SPAC has been very high, thereby increasing the likelihood that we,
too, may be subject to significant redemptions that may affect our ability to complete an initial Business Combination. 

In connection with the (i)
First Special Meeting, 19,732,125 Public Shares were redeemed at a price per Public Share of approximately 10.41, and (ii) Second Special
Meeting, 4,585,351 Public Shares were redeemed at a price per Public Share of approximately 10.89, thereby reducing the number of outstanding
Public Shares to 682,524, and reducing the total amount held in the Trust Account to approximately 7,504,714 (as of September 30, 2024). 

Due to the high rates of
redemptions of Public Shares in connection with stockholder votes on extensions or Business Combinations of SPACs, we may need to rely
upon significant PIPE or other outside financing to provide cash to our post- Business Combination company. Obtaining financing in connection
with initial Business Combinations of SPACs has in recent times been very difficult, with many financings available only on terms that
are onerous to the surviving company of the Business Combination. The failure to secure additional financing on reasonable terms could
have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of the Sponsor or our other stockholders
is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial Business Combination. Raising additional third-party
financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels or on onerous terms.
The above considerations may limit our ability to complete a Business Combination in the most desirable manner that will optimize the
capital structure of the combined company, or at all. If we are unable to complete an initial Business Combination, our Public Stockholders
may only receive approximately 10.99 per Public Share on the liquidation of our Trust Account (as of September 30, 2024, net of taxes
paid or payable), and our Warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our Public Stockholders may receive less than 10.99
per share on the redemption of their Public Shares. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

There were no sales of unregistered
securities during the quarterly period covered by the Report. However, on July 29, 2024 we issued an aggregate of 3,249,999 shares of
Class A Common Stock to the Founder Share Holders, upon the conversion of an equal number of shares of Class B Common Stock held by the
Founder Share Holders in the 2024 Founder Share Conversion. For more information on the 2024 Founder Share Conversion, see Part
I. Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

Use of Proceeds 

For a description of the
use of proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the SEC on December 20, 2021.There has been no material change in the
planned use of proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and Private Placement as described in the IPO Registration Statement. The specific
investments in our Trust Account may change from time to time. 

On April 12, 2024, we instructed
Continental to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in an
interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank, with Continental continuing to act as trustee, until the earlier of the consummation
of our initial Business Combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the Trust Account,
the remaining proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement are no longer invested in U.S. government securities or
money market funds invested in U.S. government securities. 

30 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

There were no repurchases of our equity securities for the three months
ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

Trading Arrangements 

During the quarterly period
ended September 30, 2024, of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act)
adopted or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each
term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

31 

Additional Information 

On July 18, 2024, the Second
Promissory Note was amended and restated to increase the principal balance available under the Second Promissory Note from 400,000 to
 900,000. The rest of the terms of the Second Promissory Note remain the same, including that the Second Promissory Note bears no interest.
Through September 30, 2024, we have borrowed 500,000 under the Second Promissory Note and an aggregate of 400,000 remains available
to borrow under the Second Promissory Note, as amended and restated. On October 16, 2024, we borrowed an additional 400,000 under the
Second Promissory Note, resulting in the Second Promissory Note being fully drawn. 

The issuance of the Second
Promissory Note was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

The foregoing description
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Second Promissory Note, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Report, respectively,
and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

The following exhibits are
filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Report. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive and Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive and Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

Furnished
herewith. 

32 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

Dated: December 6, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Gary P. Smith 

Name: 
 Gary P. Smith 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive, Accounting and Financial Officer) 

33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022107701ex31-1_newpro2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Gary P. Smith, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of New Providence Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 6, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Gary P. Smith 

Gary P. Smith 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ea022107701ex32-1_newpro2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of New Providence Acquisition Corp. II (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gary P. Smith, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 December 6, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Gary P. Smith 

Gary P. Smith 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 npab-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 npab-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 npab-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 npab-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 npab-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

