<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241008_10-Q_edgar_data_1543418_0001558370-24-013186.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5642344</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>60434</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>877959</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2002650</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1066023</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1497579</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-013186.hdr.sgml : 20241008
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241008064655
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-013186
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241008
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241008

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trilogy Metals Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001543418
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35447
		FILM NUMBER:		241359157

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		510 BURRARD STREET, SUITE 901
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3B8
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(604) 638-8088

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		510 BURRARD STREET, SUITE 901
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3B8

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NovaCopper Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120228

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-013186.txt : 20241008

10-Q
 1
 tmq-20240831x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Quarterly Period Ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Transition Period from to Commission File Number: (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Toronto Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of October 8, 2024, the registrant had Common Shares, no par value, outstanding. 

Table of contents 
 Trilogy Metals Inc. Table of Contents 

Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 3 Item 1. Financial Statements 3 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 15 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 22 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 22 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 23 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 23 Item 1A. Risk Factors 23 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 23 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 23 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 23 Item 5. Other Information 23 Item 6. Exhibits 23 

Table of contents 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Trilogy Metals Inc. Condensed Interim Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 

in thousands of US dollars August 31, 2024 November 30, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Deposits and prepaid amounts Total current assets Investment in Ambler Metals LLC (note 3) Fixed assets Right of use asset (note 5(a)) Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (note 4) Current portion of lease liability Total current liabilities Long-term portion of lease liability Total liabilities Shareholders equity Share capital (note 6) unlimited common shares authorized, par value issued (2023 Contributed surplus Contributed surplus options (note 6(a)) Contributed surplus units (note 6(b)) Deficit ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity Subsequent Events (note 8) (See accompanying notes to the condensed interim consolidated financial statements) 

/s/ Tony Giardini, President, CEO and Director /s/ Diana Walters, Director Approved on behalf of the Board of Directors 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 3 

Table of contents 
 Trilogy Metals Inc. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statements of Loss and Comprehensive Loss (unaudited) 

in thousands of US dollars, except share and per share amounts For the three months ended For the nine months ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Expenses Amortization Exploration expenses Foreign exchange loss (gain) General and administrative Investor relations Professional fees Salaries Salaries and directors expense stock-based compensation Total expenses Other items Interest and other income ) ) ) ) Services agreement income ) ) Share of loss on equity investment (note 3(b)) Loss and comprehensive loss for the period ) ) ) ) Basic loss per common share ) ) ) ) Diluted loss per common share ) ) ) ) Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding (See accompanying notes to the condensed interim consolidated financial statements) 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 4 

Table of contents 
 Trilogy Metals Inc. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (unaudited) in thousands of US dollars, except share amounts 

Contributed Contributed Total Contributed surplus surplus shareholders Number of shares Share capital surplus options units Deficit equity outstanding Balance November 30, 2022 ) Restricted Share Units ) ) Joint venture contribution Services settled by common shares Stock-based compensation Loss for the period ) ) Balance February 28, 2023 ) Shares issued for private placement, net of share issue cost Restricted Share Units Deferred Share Units conversion ) Services settled by common shares Stock-based compensation Loss for the period ) ) Balance May 31, 2023 ) Restricted Share Units Services settled by common shares NovaGold deferred share units conversion ) Stock-based compensation Loss for the period ) ) Balance August 31, 2023 ) Balance November 30, 2023 ) Restricted Share Units ) Joint venture contribution Services settled by common shares Stock-based compensation Loss for the period ) ) Balance February 29, 2024 ) Restricted Share Units ) Services settled by common shares Stock-based compensation Loss for the period ) ) Balance May 31, 2024 ) Restricted Share Units ) Services settled by common shares Stock-based compensation Loss for the period ) ) Balance August 31, 2024 ) (See accompanying notes to the condensed interim consolidated financial statements) 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 5 

Table of contents 
 Trilogy Metals Inc. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 

in thousands of US dollars For the nine months ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Cash flows used in operating activities Loss for the period ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash flows used in operating activities Amortization Consulting fees settled by common shares Office lease accounting ) Loss on equity investment in Ambler Metals LLC (note 3(b)) Unrealized foreign exchange (gain) loss Stock-based compensation Net change in non-cash working capital Decrease in accounts receivable Decrease in deposits and prepaid amounts ) ) Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Total cash flows used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Issuance of common shares, net of share issue cost (note 6(a)) Total cash flows from financing activities Cash flows from investing activities Return of capital from Ambler Metals LLC (note 3(c)) Total cash flows from investing activities Change in cash Effect of exchange rate on cash ) Cash and cash equivalents beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents end of the period (See accompanying notes to the condensed interim consolidated financial statements) 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 6 

Table of contents Trilogy Metals Inc. Notes to the Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 7 

Table of contents Trilogy Metals Inc. Notes to the Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
 / joint venture named Ambler Metals LLC Ambler Metals with South32 Limited South32 ). As part of the formation of the joint venture, Trilogy contributed all its assets associated with the UKMP, including the Arctic and Bornite Projects, while South32 contributed cash of million, resulting in each party s subsidiaries directly owning a interest in Ambler Metals. Ambler Metals is a company jointly controlled by Trilogy and South32 through a -member board, of which members are appointed by Trilogy based on its equity interest. All significant decisions related to the UKMP require the approval of both companies. We determined that Ambler Metals is a VIE because it is expected to need additional funding from its owners for its significant activities. However, we concluded that we are not the primary beneficiary of Ambler Metals as the power to direct its activities, through its board, is shared under the Ambler Metals LLC limited liability company agreement. As we have significant influence over Ambler Metals through our representation on its board, we use the equity method of accounting for our investment in Ambler Metals. Our maximum exposure to loss in this entity is limited to the carrying amount of our investment in Ambler Metals, which, as of August 31, 2024, totaled million (2023 - million). (b) Carrying value of equity method investment Trilogy recognized, based on its ownership interest in Ambler Metals, an equity loss equivalent to its pro rata share of Ambler Metals comprehensive loss of million for the three-month period ending August 31, 2024 (2023 - million) and million for the nine-month period ending August 31, 2024 (2023 - million). During the nine-month period ending August 31, 2024, Trilogy made a equity contribution to Ambler Metals through the issuance of common shares of the Company as part of the long-term incentive compensation for Ambler Metals executives. Likewise, South32 made an equivalent equity contribution to Ambler Metals for in cash for their share. The carrying value of Trilogy s investment in Ambler Metals as at August 31, 2024 is summarized on the following table. Joint venture equity contribution Return of capital ) Share of loss on equity investment for the nine-month period ending August 31, 2024 ) August 31, 2024, Investment in Ambler Metals (c) The following table summarizes Ambler Metals Balance Sheet as at August 31, 2024. Cash and cash equivalents Mineral properties Total liabilities ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Members' equity (total assets less total liabilities) 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 8 

Table of contents Trilogy Metals Inc. Notes to the Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
 million of excess cash to the members. (d) The following table summarizes Ambler Metals' loss for the three-month and nine-month periods ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023. Corporate salaries and wages General and administrative Mineral property expense Professional fees Foreign exchange loss ) ) Interest and other income ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss (e) Related party transactions During the nine-month period ended August 31, 2024, the Company charged (2023 - related to human resources and accounting services in connection with a service agreement between the Company and Ambler Metals. In addition, the Company received payments of (2023 - related to operating expenses paid on behalf of Ambler Metals pursuant to the service agreement. Accrued liabilities Accrued salaries and vacation Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Subsequent to the end of the third quarter, on September 3, 2024, approximately of accrued salaries was settled through the issuance of common shares of the Company. 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 9 

Table of contents Trilogy Metals Inc. Notes to the Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Net amortization for lease ended June 30, 2024 ) ROU assets recognized for lease commenced July 1, 2024 Net amortization for lease commenced July 1, 2024 ) Balance as at August 31, 2024 The Company s previous office lease ended on June 30, 2024. The Company entered into a new office lease commencing on July 1, 2024, with a term ending in June 2028, and with renewal option. During the quarter ended August 31, 2024, the Company recognized a ROU asset of for the new office lease. (b) Lease liabilities 
 The Company s lease arrangement consists of an operating lease for our office space ending in June 2028. There are extension options. Total lease expense recorded within general and administrative expenses was comprised of the following components: Variable lease costs Total lease expense Variable lease costs consist primarily of the Company s portion of operating costs associated with the office space lease as the Company elected to apply the practical expedient not to separate lease and non-lease components. As at August 31, 2024, the weighted-average remaining lease term is years and the weighted-average discount rate is . Significant judgment was used in the determination of the incremental borrowing rate which included estimating the Company s credit rating. Supplemental cash and non-cash information relating to our leases during the nine-month period ending August 31, 2024 are as follows: 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities was , of which related to the office lease that expired on June 30, 2024 and related to the new office lease that commenced on July 1, 2024. 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 10 

Table of contents Trilogy Metals Inc. Notes to the Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total undiscounted lease payments Effect of discounting ) Present value of lease payments recognized as lease liability par value Restricted Share Units Services settled by common shares Joint venture equity contribution (note 3(a)) August 31, 2024, issued and outstanding (a) Stock options During the three-month period ended February 29, 2024, the Company granted stock options (2023 - stock options) at an exercise price of CDN (2023 - CDN to employees, consultants and directors exercisable for a period of with various vesting terms from immediate vesting to vesting over a period. The fair value attributable to each of these option grants was CDN (2023 - CDN ). grants were made during the three-month periods ended May 31, 2024 or August 31, 2024. For the three-month period ended August 31, 2024, Trilogy recognized a stock-based compensation charge of million (2023 - million) for options granted to directors, employees and service providers, net of estimated forfeitures. For the nine-month period ended August 31, 2024, Trilogy recognized a stock-based compensation charge of million (2023 - million) for options granted to directors, employees and service providers, net of estimated forfeitures. The fair value of the stock options recognized in the period has been estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 11 

Table of contents Trilogy Metals Inc. Notes to the Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Exercise price CDN Expected life Expected volatility Expected dividends Nil As at August 31, 2024, there were non-vested options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of CDN . The value of non-vested stock option expense not yet recognized was million of which approximately million will be recognized during the quarter ending November 30, 2024 and the remainder throughout the next fiscal year. A summary of the Company s stock options outstanding and changes during the nine-month period ended August 31, 2024 is as follows: Granted Expired ) Balance end of the period There were stock options exercised during the nine-month period ended August 31, 2024. The following table summarizes information about the stock options outstanding at August 31, 2024. to to to The aggregate intrinsic value of vested stock options (the market value less the exercise price) at August 31, 2024 was Nil (2023 - Nil) and the aggregate intrinsic value of exercised options for the nine-month period ending August 31, 2024 was Nil (2023 - Nil). (b) Restricted Share Units and Deferred Share Units The Company has a Restricted Share Unit Plan RSU Plan to provide long-term incentives to employees and consultants, a Non-Executive Director Deferred Share Unit Plan DSU Plan ), and a Non-Executive Directors Fixed Deferred Share Unit Plan Fixed DSU Plan to offset cash payments for fees to directors. Awards under the RSU Plan, DSU Plan and Fixed DSU Plan will be settled in common shares of the Company with each restricted share unit RSU and deferred share unit DSU entitling the holder to receive common share of the Company. All units are accounted for as equity-settled awards. 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 12 

Table of contents Trilogy Metals Inc. Notes to the Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Granted Vested/Converted ) Balance end of the period For the three-month period ending August 31, 2024, Trilogy recognized a combined RSU and DSU stock-based compensation charge of million (2023 - million), net of estimated forfeitures. For the nine-month period ending August 31, 2024, Trilogy recognized a combined RSU and DSU stock-based compensation charge of million (2023 - million), net of estimated forfeitures. , accounts receivable of approximately CDN and accounts payable of approximately CDN . Based on a change in the US-Canadian exchange rate, assuming all other variables remain constant, the Company s net loss would change by approximately . (b) Credit risk Credit risk is the risk of an unexpected loss if a customer or third party to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations. The Company holds cash with a Canadian chartered financial institution of which the majority is uninsured as at August 31, 2024. The Company s only significant exposure to credit risk is equal to the balance of cash as recorded in the financial statements. (c) Liquidity risk Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulties raising funds to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Company is in the exploration stage and does not have cash inflows from operations; therefore, the Company manages liquidity risk through the management of its capital structure and financial leverage. 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 13 

Table of contents Trilogy Metals Inc. Notes to the Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Office lease Included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximately is for accrued salaries that were settled, subsequent to the end of the third quarter, on September 3, 2024, by the way of a grant of RSUs which was paid out through the issuance of common shares of the Company (note 8). (d) Interest rate risk Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk with respect to interest earned on cash. Based on balances as at August 31, 2024 of approximately million, a change in interest rates would result in a change of approximately over a period, assuming all other variables remain constant. As we are currently in the exploration phase, none of our financial instruments are exposed to commodity price risk; however, our ability to obtain long-term financing and its economic viability could be affected by commodity price volatility. DSUs in settlement of approximately of director fees and senior management were granted RSUs in lieu of cash salaries of approximately , all vesting immediately. The grants were in support of continued cash preservation efforts. 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 14 

Table of contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Trilogy Metals Inc. Management s Discussion Analysis For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 (expressed in US dollars) Cautionary notes Forward-looking statements This Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A contains forward-looking information and forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and other applicable securities laws. These forward-looking statements may include statements regarding the Company s work programs and budgets; perceived merit of properties, exploration results and budgets, the impact of the Bureau of Land Management s BLM suspension of permits on the right-of-way with the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority AIDEA relating to the Ambler Road Project, the Company and Ambler Metals funding requirements, the Company s cash preservation strategies, the Company s future funding of Ambler Metals, mineral reserves and resource estimates, work programs, capital expenditures, operating costs, cash flow estimates, production estimates and similar statements relating to the economic viability of a project, timelines, strategic plans, statements regarding Ambler Metals plans and expectations relating to its Upper Kobuk Mineral Projects (the UKMP , as defined below), sufficiency of the Ambler Metals cash to fund the UKMP, impact of COVID-19 on the Company s operations, market prices for precious and base metals, statements regarding the Ambler Access Project also known as the Ambler Mining District Industrial Access Project) , or other statements that are not statements of fact. These statements relate to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results, estimates of amounts not yet determinable and assumptions of management. Statements concerning mineral resource estimates may also be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements to the extent that they involve estimates of the mineralization that will be encountered if the property is developed. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always, identified by words or phrases such as expects , is expected , anticipates , believes , plans , projects , estimates , assumes , intends , strategy , goals , objectives , potential , possible or variations thereof or stating that certain actions, events, conditions or results may , could , would , should , might or will be taken, occur or be achieved, or the negative of any of these terms and similar expressions) are not statements of historical fact and may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs, expectations and opinions of management on the date the statements are made, as well as on a number of material assumptions, which could prove to be significantly incorrect, including about: our ability to achieve production at the Upper Kobuk Mineral Projects; the accuracy of our mineral resource and reserve estimates; the results, costs and timing of future exploration drilling and engineering; timing and receipt of approvals, consents and permits under applicable legislation; the adequacy of our financial resources; 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 15 

Table of contents 
 the receipt of third party contractual, regulatory and governmental approvals for the exploration, development, construction and production of our properties and any litigation or challenges to such approvals; our expected ability to develop adequate infrastructure and that the cost of doing so will be reasonable; continued good relationships with South32, our joint venture partner, as well as local communities and other stakeholders; there being no significant disruptions affecting operations, whether relating to labor, supply, power damage to equipment or other matter; expected trends and specific assumptions regarding metal prices and currency exchange rates; and prices for and availability of fuel, electricity, parts and equipment and other key supplies remaining consistent with current levels. 
 We have also assumed that no significant events will occur outside of our normal course of business. Although we have attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause actions, events or results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. We believe that the assumptions inherent in the forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this MD A. However, forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and, accordingly, undue reliance should not be put on such statements due to the inherent uncertainty therein. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ from those reflected in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation: risks related to inability to define proven and probable reserves; risks related to our ability to finance the development of our mineral properties through external financing, strategic alliances, the sale of property interests or otherwise; uncertainty as to whether there will ever be production at the Company s mineral exploration and development properties; risks related to our ability to commence production and generate material revenues or obtain adequate financing for our planned exploration and development activities; risks related to lack of infrastructure including but not limited to the risk whether or not the Ambler Mining District Industrial Access Project, or AMDIAP, will receive the requisite permits and, if it does, whether the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority will build the AMDIAP; risks related to the suspension by the BLM of the right-of-way permits with AIDEA relating to the AMDIAP to permit the Department of the Interior to carry out additional work on the environmental impact statement, and associated delays relating to such suspension; risks related to inclement weather which may delay or hinder exploration activities at our mineral properties; risks related to our dependence on a third party for the development of our projects; none of the Company s mineral properties are in production or are under development; 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 16 

Table of contents 
 commodity price fluctuations; uncertainty related to title to our mineral properties; our history of losses and expectation of future losses; risks related to increases in demand for equipment, skilled labor and services needed for exploration and development of mineral properties, and related cost increases; risks related to increases in costs of fuel and other required supplies and concerns relating to supply chain and the ability to obtain needed supplies at a reasonable cost, or at all; risks related to global economic instability, including global supply chain issues, inflation and fuel and energy costs may affect the Company s business; uncertainties relating to the assumptions underlying our resource estimates, such as metal pricing, metallurgy, mineability, marketability and operating and capital costs; uncertainty related to inferred mineral resources; mining and development risks, including risks related to infrastructure, accidents, equipment breakdowns, labor disputes or other unanticipated difficulties with or interruptions in development, construction or production; risks and uncertainties relating to the interpretation of drill results, the geology, grade and continuity of our mineral deposits; risks related to governmental regulation and permits, including environmental regulation, including the risk that more stringent requirements or standards may be adopted or applied due to circumstances unrelated to the Company and outside of our control; the risk that permits and governmental approvals necessary to develop and operate mines at our mineral properties will not be available on a timely basis or at all; risks related to the need for reclamation activities on our properties and uncertainty of cost estimates related thereto; risks related to the acquisition and integration of operations or projects; our need to attract and retain qualified management and technical personnel; risks related to conflicts of interests of some of our directors and officers; risks related to potential future litigation; risks related to market events and general economic conditions; risks related to future sales or issuances of equity securities decreasing the value of existing Trilogy common shares, diluting voting power and reducing future earnings per share; risks related to the voting power of our major shareholders and the impact that a sale by such shareholders may have on our share price; uncertainty as to the volatility in the price of the Company s common shares; 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 17 

Table of contents 
 the Company s expectation of not paying cash dividends; adverse federal income tax consequences for U.S. shareholders should the Company be a passive foreign investment company; risks related to global climate change; risks related to adverse publicity from non-governmental organizations; uncertainty as to our ability to maintain the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting as per the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; and increased regulatory compliance costs, associated with rules and regulations promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, Canadian Securities Administrators, the NYSE American Stock Exchange, the Toronto Stock Exchange, and the Financial Accounting Standards Boards, and more specifically, our efforts to comply with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
 This list is not exhaustive of the factors that may affect any of the Company s forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements about the future and are inherently uncertain, and actual achievements of the Company or other future events or conditions may differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including, without limitation, those referred to in Trilogy s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2023, filed with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities and the SEC on February 9, 2024, and other information released by Trilogy and filed with the appropriate regulatory agencies. The Company s forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs, expectations and opinions of management on the date the statements are made, and the Company does not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements if circumstances or management s beliefs, expectations or opinions should change, except as required by law. For the reasons set forth above, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. General This Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A of Trilogy Metals Inc. Trilogy , Trilogy Metals , the Company or we is dated October 8, 2024 and provides an analysis of our unaudited condensed interim financial results for the quarter ended August 31, 2024 compared to the quarter ended August 31, 2023. The following information should be read in conjunction with our August 31, 2024 unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements and related notes which were prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). The MD A should also be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the year ended November 30, 2023. A summary of the U.S. GAAP accounting policies is outlined in note 2 of the audited consolidated financial statements. All amounts are in United States dollars unless otherwise stated. References to Canadian dollars and CDN are to the currency of Canada and references to U.S. dollars , or US are to the currency of the United States. Richard Gosse, P.Geo., Vice President, Exploration of the Company, is a Qualified Person under National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects NI 43-101 ), and has approved the scientific and technical information in this MD A. Trilogy s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange TSX and the NYSE American Stock Exchange NYSE American under the symbol TMQ . Additional information related to Trilogy, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2023, is available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov. 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 18 

Table of contents 
 Description of business We are a base metals exploration company focused on the exploration and development of mineral properties, through our equity investee, in the Ambler mining district located in Alaska, U.S.A. We conduct our operations through a wholly owned subsidiary, NovaCopper US Inc. which is doing business as Trilogy Metals US Trilogy Metals US ). Our Upper Kobuk Mineral Projects UKMP or UKMP Projects were contributed into a 50/50 joint venture named Ambler Metals LLC Ambler Metals between Trilogy and South32 Limited South32 on February 11, 2020 (see below). The projects contributed to Ambler Metals consist of: i) the Ambler lands which host the Arctic copper-zinc-lead-gold-silver project (the Arctic Project and ii) the Bornite lands being explored under a collaborative long-term agreement with NANA Regional Corporation, Inc. NANA ), a regional Alaska Native Corporation, which hosts the Bornite carbonate-hosted copper project (the Bornite Project and related assets. The Company may also conduct early-stage exploration through a wholly owned subsidiary, 995 Exploration Inc. Corporate and project activities The Company has a 2024 fiscal year cash budget totaling 2.8 million. For the nine-month period ended August 31, 2024, we used 1.9 million in operating activities mainly for personnel costs, professional fees, regulatory and office expenses compared with budgeted cash expenditures totaling 2.1 million. Ambler Metals LLC The board of Ambler Metals approved a 2024 fiscal year budget totaling 5.5 million to support external and community affairs, to maintain the State of Alaska mineral claims in good standing, and for the maintenance of physical assets. During the nine-month period ended August 31, 2024, Ambler Metals expended 3.5 million on salaries and wages, professional fees, engineering, project support costs and mineral property expenses, excluding the Ambler Access Project (the AAP costs, compared with the budget of 4.5 million. The board of Ambler Metals also approved a 2024 fiscal year budget totaling 2.5 million to support the AAP. During the nine-month period ended August 31, 2024, Ambler Metals funded 1.4 million to the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority AIDEA in support of the AAP compared with the budget of 1.9 million. During the third quarter of 2024, we received additional cash from Ambler Metals. In total, Ambler Metals returned 50 million to Trilogy and South32 as at August 31, 2024. Ambler Mining District Industrial Access Project AMDIAP or Ambler Access Project On April 22, 2024, the Company announced that the United States Bureau of Land Management BLM had filed the Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement SEIS for the AAP on its website. The Final SEIS identifies No Action as the BLM s preferred alternative. The proponent for the AAP is AIDEA which is a public corporation of the State of Alaska. AIDEA s purpose is to promote, develop, and advance general prosperity and economic welfare of the people of Alaska. AIDEA strongly objected to both the process used by the BLM to reach a No Build decision and the effect of the decision which AIDEA believes illegally blocks access to statehood lands, minerals, and federally patented mining claims. On May 8, 2024, NANA announced its withdrawal from further involvement with the AAP and stated its intentions to not renew the surface access permit with AIDEA upon the permit s expiry this year. On June 28, 2024, the BLM issued the Record of Decision confirming their selection of the No Action alternative and thus denied AIDEA s application for a right-of-way grant ROW Grant across BLM-managed lands which terminated the BLM ROW Grant issued to AIDEA on January 5, 2021. 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 19 

Table of contents 
 Summary of results 

in thousands of US dollars, except per share amounts Three months ended Nine months ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Selected expenses General and administrative 293 278 1,027 1,014 Investor relations 15 18 46 71 Professional fees 138 139 530 897 Salaries 158 191 527 621 Salaries and directors expense stock-based compensation 506 526 3,014 3,379 Share of loss on equity investment 624 2,910 2,019 5,998 Comprehensive loss for the period (1,591) (4,052) (6,951) (11,927) Basic and diluted loss per common share (0.01) (0.03) (0.04) (0.08) For the three-month period ended August 31, 2024, we reported a net loss of 1.6 million compared to a net loss of 4.1 million for the three-month period ended August 31, 2023. The decrease in comprehensive loss in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same quarter in 2023 is primarily due to the decrease in our share of loss of Ambler Metals. The decrease of our share of losses of Ambler Metals is mainly due to the decrease in corporate wages and in mineral property expenses partially offset from the increase in professional fees. The primary drivers in decrease in mineral property expenses over the comparative quarter in the prior year were from a reduction in activities both at the project level and at the AAP. For the nine-month period ended August 31, 2024, we reported a net loss of 7.0 million compared to a net loss of 11.9 million for the nine-month period ended August 31, 2023. The decrease for the nine-month period ended August 31, 2024, when compared to the same period in 2023, is primarily due to the decrease in our share of losses of Ambler Metals, professional fees and stock-based compensation and salaries. The decrease of our share of losses of Ambler Metals is mainly due to the decrease in corporate wages due to a reduction in staffing and a reduction in mineral property expenses due to a reduction in project activities which was partially offset by the increase in professional fees related to part-time contractors engaged to assist with management of Ambler Metals, along with consultants engaged in government and external affairs. Liquidity and capital resources We expended 1.9 million on operating activities during the nine-month period ending August 31, 2024 with the majority of cash spent on professional fees and American and Canadian securities commission fees related to our annual regulatory filings, annual fees paid to the Toronto Stock Exchange and the NYSE American Exchange and corporate salaries. As at August 31, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents and working capital of 25.7 million. During the nine months ended August 31, 2024, Trilogy received a total of 25.0 million from Ambler Metals as a return of excess cash to the owners. Although the Company has a strong cash position, management continues with cash preservation strategies to reduce cash expenditures where feasible, including but not limited to reductions in marketing and investor conferences and office expenses. In addition, the Company s board of directors continue to take all of their fees in deferred share units in an effort to preserve cash. The Company s senior management team is also continuing to take a portion of their base salaries and all of their short and long term compensation in shares of the Company to preserve cash. All project related costs are funded by Ambler Metals. Ambler Metals had 9.8 million in cash and cash equivalents and 8.7 million in working capital as at August 31, 2024. There are sufficient funds at Ambler Metals to fund this fiscal year s budget for the UKMP and the AAP. 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 20 

Table of contents 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements We have no material off-balance sheet arrangements. Outstanding share data As at October 8, 2024, we had 160,902,814 common shares issued and outstanding. As at October 8, 2024, we had 14,316,900 stock options outstanding with a weighted-average exercise price of CDN 1.78, 3,133,412 Deferred Share Units DSUs ), and 2,818,339 Restricted Share Units RSUs outstanding. As at October 8, 2024 we hold 5,144 NovaGold Resources Inc. NovaGold DSUs for which the NovaGold director is entitled to receive one common share of Trilogy for every six NovaGold shares to be received upon their retirement from the NovaGold board. A total of 859 common shares will be issued upon redemption of the NovaGold DSUs. Upon the exercise of all the foregoing convertible securities, the Company would be required to issue an aggregate of 20,268,651 common shares. New accounting pronouncements There are no new accounting pronouncements affecting the Company. Critical accounting estimates The most critical accounting estimates upon which our financial status depends are those requiring estimates of the recoverability of our equity method investment in Ambler Metals, income taxes and valuation of stock based compensation. Impairment of Investment in Ambler Metals LLC Management assesses the possibility of impairment in the carrying value of its equity method investment in Ambler Metals whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment may not be recoverable. Ambler Metals is a non-publicly traded equity investment owning exploration and development projects. Significant judgments are made in assessing the possibility of impairment. The Company assesses whether there has been a potential triggering event for other-than-temporary impairment by assessing the underlying assets of Ambler Metals for recoverability and assessing whether there has been a change in the development plan or strategy for the projects. If the Company concludes there is sufficient evidence for an other-than-temporary impairment, an assessment of fair value is performed. If the underlying assets are not recoverable, the Company will record an impairment charge equal to the difference between the carrying amount of the equity investment and its fair value. This assessment is subjective and require consideration at each period end. Income taxes We must make estimates and judgments in determining the provision for income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits including interest and penalties. We are subject to income tax law in the United States and Canada. The evaluation of tax liabilities involving uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulation is based on factors such as changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, new audit activity, and effectively settled issues. The evaluation of an uncertain tax position requires significant judgment, and a change in such recognition would result in an additional charge to the income tax expense and liability. 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 21 

Table of contents 
 Stock-based compensation Compensation expense for options granted to employees, directors and certain service providers is determined based on estimated fair values of the options at the time of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which takes into account, as of the grant date, the fair market value of the shares, expected volatility, expected life, expected forfeiture rate, expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate over the expected life of the option. The use of the Black-Scholes option pricing model requires input estimation of the expected life of the option, volatility, and forfeiture rate which can have a significant impact on the valuation model, and resulting expense recorded. Additional information Additional information regarding the Company, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2023, is available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com and EDGAR at www.sec.gov and on our website at www.trilogymetals.com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Not applicable. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted by the Company under U.S. and Canadian securities legislation is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in those rules, including providing reasonable assurance that material information is gathered and reported to senior management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), as appropriate, to permit timely decisions regarding public disclosure. Management, including the CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and the rules of Canadian Securities Administration, as of August 31, 2024. Based on this evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Internal control over financial reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act and National Instrument 52-109 Certification of Disclosure in Issuer s Annual and Interim filings. Any system of internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Changes in internal control over financial reporting There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. We continue to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting on an ongoing basis to identify improvements. 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 22 

Table of contents 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we are a party to routine litigation and proceedings that are considered part of the ordinary course of its business. We are not aware of any material current, pending, or threatened litigation. Item 1A. Risk Factors Trilogy and its future business, operations and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties due to the nature of its business and the present stage of exploration of its mineral properties. Certain of these risks and uncertainties are under the heading Risk Factors under Trilogy s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2023 Form 10-K which is available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com and EDGAR at www.sec.gov and on our website at www.trilogymetals.com. There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in Trilogy s Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds None. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures These disclosures are not applicable to us. Item 5. Other Information a) None. b) None. c) During the quarterly period ended August 31, 2024, no director or officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, and/or any trading (as such terms are defined pursuant to Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 
 Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation, dated April 27, 2011 (incorporated by reference Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form 40-F as filed on March 1, 2012, File No. 001-35447) 3.2 Articles of Trilogy Metals Inc., effective April 27, 2011, as altered March 20, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form 40-F as filed on April 19, 2012, File No. 001-35447) 3.3 Notice of Articles and Certificate of Change of Name, dated September 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K dated September 8, 2016) 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 23 

Table of contents 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 101 Interactive Data Files 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 24 

Table of contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: October 8, 2024 TRILOGY METALS INC. By: /s/ Tony Giardini Tony Giardini President and Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ Elaine M. Sanders Elaine M. Sanders Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Trilogy Metals Inc. For the Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tmq-20240831xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Tony Giardini, certify that: 1) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Trilogy Metals Inc. 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 8, 2024 By: /s/ Tony Giardini Tony Giardini President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tmq-20240831xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Elaine Sanders, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Trilogy Metals Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: October 8 , 2024 By: /s/ Elaine Sanders Elaine Sanders Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tmq-20240831xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Trilogy Metals Inc. (the Registrant for the period ended August 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Tony Giardini, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 8, 2024 By: /s/ Tony Giardini Tony Giardini President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tmq-20240831xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Trilogy Metals Inc. (the Registrant for the period ended August 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Elaine Sanders, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 8, 2024 By: /s/ Elaine Sanders Elaine Sanders Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tmq-20240831.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tmq-20240831_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tmq-20240831_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tmq-20240831_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

