<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1615222_0001839882-24-039159.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6532139</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>158144</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1105201</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2198289</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1294373</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1603971</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001839882-24-039159.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114134516
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001839882-24-039159
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Moody National REIT II, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001615222
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				471436295
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55778
		FILM NUMBER:		241460053

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6363 WOODWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77057
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-977-7500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6363 WOODWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77057

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001839882-24-039159.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 mnrtii-10q_093024.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Quarterly Report 

UNITED
STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark
One) 

QUARTERLY
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________to ___________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction
 of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of Principal
 Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area
Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
 reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 
 Yes No 

Indicate by check
 mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
 Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
 submit such files). 
 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated
filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If
 an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
 for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes 

As of November 11, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock issued and outstanding, consisting of 13,000,645 shares of Class A common stock, 159,092 shares of Class I common stock, and 480,692 shares of Class T common stock. 

MOODY
NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
 INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 3 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 
 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 7 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 23 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 37 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 38 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 39 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 39 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 40 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 40 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 40 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 
 40 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 
 41 

PART
I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM
1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

MOODY
NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(unaudited) 
 (audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Investment in hotel properties, net 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Deferred franchise costs, net of accumulated amortization of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Liabilities: 

Notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Notes payable to related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related parties, net 

Dividends payable 

Total Liabilities 

Special Limited Partnership Interests 

Equity: 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

3 

MOODY
NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 

Three months ended 
 September 30, 
 Nine months ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Room revenue 

Other hotel revenue 

Total hotel revenue 

Expenses 

Hotel operating expenses 

Property taxes, insurance and other 

Depreciation and amortization 

Corporate general and administrative 

Loss on impairment of hotel properties 

Total expenses 

Operating (loss) income 

Interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Per-share information basic and diluted: 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

4 

MOODY
NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 

Noncontrolling
 Interests in 
 Operating Partnership 

Number
 of 
 Shares 
 Par 
 Value 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Par 
 Value 
 Additional 
 Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Number 
 of Units 
 Value 
 Total 
 Equity 
 
 Balance
 at June 30, 2023 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at September 30, 2023 

Balance
 at June 30, 2024 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at September 30, 2024 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at September 30, 2023 

Balance
 at December 31, 2023 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at September 30, 2024 

13,640 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

5 

MOODY
NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Loss on impairment of hotel properties 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related parties 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Improvements and additions to hotel properties 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds of note payable 

Repayment of notes payable 

Proceeds of notes payable to related party 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Activity 

Interest paid 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

6 

MOODY
NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 September
30, 2024 

 (unaudited) 

 rooms.
For more information on the Company s real estate investments, see Note 3, Investment in Hotel Properties. 

On
January 20, 2015, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC declared the Company s registration statement
on Form S-11 effective, and the Company commenced its initial public offering of up to billion in shares of common stock
consisting of up to .0 billion in shares of the Company s common stock offered to the public, and up to .0 million
in shares offered to the Company s stockholders pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan (the DRP ). 

On
June 26, 2017, the Company reallocated the Company s shares of common stock as Class A common stock, par value
per share Class A Shares ), Class D common stock, par value per share Class D Shares ),
Class I common stock, par value per share Class I Shares ), and Class T common stock, par
value per share Class T Shares and, together with the Class A Shares, the Class D Shares and the Class I Shares,
the Shares ). On January 16, 2018, the Advisor (as defined below) assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling
commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees paid in connection with the Company s public offering; provided,
however , that the Advisor intends to recoup the selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees that
it funds through an increased acquisition fee, or Contingent Advisor Payment, as described in Note 6, Related
Party Arrangements. 

On
January 18, 2018, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-222610) registering .0 million
in any combination of the Shares to be sold on a best efforts basis in the Company s follow-on public offering.
The SEC declared the registration statement effective on July 19, 2018. 

The
Company s follow-on public offering was terminated (including pursuant to the DRP) effective as of March 25, 2020 due to
the impact that the spread of COVID-19, a disease caused by a novel strain of coronavirus, had on the Company s hotel properties.
The Company accepted investors subscriptions for and issued an aggregate of million shares in the Company s
initial public offering and follow-on offering, excluding shares issued in connection with the Company s merger with Moody
National REIT I, Inc. and including shares pursuant to the DRP, resulting in gross offering proceeds of 
million. The Company accepted investors subscriptions for and issued million shares in the follow-on offering,
including shares pursuant to the DRP, resulting in gross offering proceeds of million for the follow-on
offering. 

The
Company s advisor is Moody National Advisor II, LLC (the Advisor ), a Delaware limited liability company and
an affiliate of the Sponsor. Pursuant to an advisory agreement among the Company, the OP (defined below) and the Advisor (the
 Advisory Agreement ), and subject to certain restrictions and limitations therein, the Advisor is responsible for
managing the Company s affairs on a day-to-day basis and for identifying and making acquisitions and investments on behalf
of the Company. 

Substantially
all of the Company s business is conducted through Moody National Operating Partnership II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership
(the OP ). The Company is the sole general partner of the OP. The initial limited partners of the OP were Moody OP
Holdings II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Moody Holdings II ),
and Moody National LPOP II, LLC Moody LPOP II ), an affiliate of the Advisor. Moody Holdings II initially invested
 in the OP in exchange for limited partnership interests, and Moody LPOP II invested in the OP in exchange
for a separate class of limited partnership interests (the Special Limited Partnership Interests ). As the Company
accepted subscriptions for shares of common stock, it transferred substantially all of the net proceeds from such sales to the
OP as a capital contribution. The limited partnership agreement of the OP provides that the OP will be operated in a manner that
will enable the Company to (1) satisfy the requirements for being classified as a REIT for tax purposes, (2) avoid any federal
income or excise tax liability and (3) ensure that the OP will not be classified as a publicly traded partnership 
for purposes of Section 7704 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ), which
classification could result in the OP being taxed as a corporation, rather than as a partnership. In addition to the administrative
and operating costs and expenses incurred by the OP in acquiring and operating real properties, the OP pays all of the Company s
administrative costs and expenses, and such expenses are treated as expenses of the OP. 

COVID-19
Pandemic 

The
global COVID-19 pandemic had a significant adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and operating results. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic dramatically reduced travel, which had an unprecedented adverse impact on the hotel industry. As a result, the
COVID-19 pandemic had a significant adverse effect on the operating results of the Company s hotel properties, which depend
primarily upon revenues driven by business and leisure travel, and on the Company s business, financial performance and
operating results. Since March 2020, the Company experienced a significant decline in bookings, occupancy and revenues across
the Company s hotel properties. The Company s hotel properties operated at a property net operating loss since the
outbreak of COVID-19, which had an adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and cash flow from operations.
In addition, the Company reduced certain services and amenities at the Company s hotel properties. 

Each
of the Company s hotel properties is subject to a mortgage loan secured by the Company s ownership interest in the
property. If the Company is unable to service the mortgage loan secured by a hotel property due to decreased revenues generated
by such property, the lender with respect to such mortgage loan may initiate foreclosure procedures with respect to the property
or initiate other available remedies. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the Company is current with respect to the payments
due under the mortgage loans secured by the Company s hotel properties or is in compliance with the modified terms of certain
mortgage loans as agreed to with the lenders and other accommodations. During 2021, certain lenders agreed to limited loan modifications,
including temporary deferrals of interest and principal payments and agreements to forebear the enforcement of default remedies
available under the terms of the loan documents. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, no lenders have accelerated the maturity
of any of the loans secured by the Company s properties or initiated foreclosure procedures with respect to any of the Company s
properties. 

In
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company terminated its public offering of common stock (including pursuant to the DRP),
effective as of March 2020. The Company is not currently raising capital through the sale of its securities and the Company does
not intend to begin to do so in the near term. The Company has also indefinitely suspended the payment of distributions to stockholders
effective as of March 2020 and the operation of the Company s share repurchase program effective as of April 2020. The Company s
board of directors Board and the Company s management continue to evaluate the Company s financial
condition and the overall economic environment to determine if and when the Company will seek to resume raising capital, resume
the payment of distributions and reinstate the Company s share repurchase program. Specifically, the Board, in consultation
with management, will continue to monitor the Company s operations and intends to resume distributions at a time and level
determined to be prudent in relation to the Company s other cash requirements or in order to maintain the Company s
REIT status for federal income tax purposes. However, it is impossible to predict if or when the Company will be able to resume
the payment of distributions or return to normal operations. 

.0 of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of the Company s shares of common
stock in the completed public offering. Such organization and offering costs include selling commissions and dealer manager fees
paid to a dealer manager, legal, accounting, printing and other offering expenses, including marketing, salaries and direct expenses
of the Advisor s employees and employees of the Advisor s affiliates and others. Any reimbursement of the Advisor
or its affiliates for organization and offering costs will not exceed actual expenses incurred by the Advisor. The Company s
organization and offering costs incurred in connection with the Company s initial public offering did not exceed 
of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock in such offering. 

All
offering costs, including selling commissions and dealer manager fees, are recorded as an offset to additional paid-in-capital,
and all organization costs are recorded as an expense when the Company has an obligation to reimburse the Advisor. 

As
of September 30, 2024, total offering costs for the initial public offering and the follow-on offering were million,
comprised of million of offering costs incurred directly by the Company and million in offering costs incurred
by and reimbursable to the Advisor. Total offering costs for the initial public offering were million, comprised of
 million of offering costs incurred directly by the Company and million in offering costs incurred by and
reimbursable to the Advisor. As of September 30, 2024, total offering costs for the follow-on offering were million,
comprised of of offering costs incurred directly by the Company and million in offering costs incurred by and
reimbursable to the Advisor. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had due to the Advisor for reimbursable offering costs. 

shareholders for a sufficient number of days
in 2015. Prior to qualifying to be taxed as a REIT, the Company was subject to normal federal and state corporation income taxes. 

Provided
that the Company continues to qualify as a REIT, it generally will not be subject to federal corporate income tax to the extent
it distributes its REIT taxable income to its stockholders, so long as it distributes at least of its REIT taxable income
(which is computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net
income as calculated in accordance with GAAP) and satisfies the other organizational and operational requirements for qualification
as a REIT. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, it may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income
and property, and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed income. The Company leases the hotels it acquires to a
wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary TRS that is subject to federal, state and local income taxes. 

The
Company accounts for income taxes of its TRS using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of
existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities from a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period prior to when the new rates become
effective. The Company records a valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets that are not expected to be realized. 

The
Company has reviewed tax positions under GAAP guidance that clarify the relevant criteria and approach for the recognition and
measurement of uncertain tax positions. The guidance prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial
statement recognition of a tax position taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return. A tax position may only be recognized
in the consolidated financial statements if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination.
The Company had no material uncertain tax positions as of September 30, 2024. 

The
preparation of the Company s various tax returns requires the use of estimates for federal and state income tax purposes.
These estimates may be subjected to review by the respective taxing authorities. A revision to an estimate may result in an assessment
of additional taxes, penalties and interest. At this time, a range in which the Company s estimates may change is not expected
to be material. The Company will account for interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions in the current period
results of operations, if necessary. The Company has tax years 2019 through 2023 remaining subject to examination by various federal
and state tax jurisdictions. For more information, see Note 10, Income Taxes. 

. The Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of the failure of these institutions is
represented by the difference between the FDIC protection limit and the total amounts on deposit. At September 30, 2024, the Company s
cash accounts exceeded federally insured limits by approximately million and the Company s restricted cash accounts
exceeded federally insured limits by approximately million. 

The
Company is exposed to geographic risk in that nine of its fifteen hotel properties are located in one state, Texas. 

Land
values are derived from appraisals and building values are calculated as replacement cost less depreciation or estimates of the
relative fair value of these assets using discounted cash flow analyses or similar methods. The value of furniture, fixtures and
equipment is based on their fair value using replacement costs less depreciation. Any difference between the fair value of the
hotel property acquired and the purchase price of the hotel property is recorded as goodwill or gain on acquisition of hotel property. 

The
Company determines the fair value of any assumed debt by calculating the net present value of the scheduled mortgage payments
using interest rates for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities that the Company believes it could obtain at the date
of acquisition. Any difference between the fair value and stated value of the assumed debt is recorded as a discount or premium
and amortized over the remaining life of the loan as a component of interest expense. 

In
allocating the purchase price of each of the Company s properties, the Company makes assumptions and uses various estimates,
including, but not limited to, the estimated useful lives of the assets, the cost of replacing certain assets and discount rates
used to determine present values. The Company uses Level 3 inputs to value acquired properties. Many of these estimates are obtained
from independent third-party appraisals. However, the Company is responsible for the source and use of these estimates. These
estimates require judgment and are subject to being imprecise; accordingly, if different estimates and assumptions were derived,
the valuation of the various categories of the Company s hotel properties or related intangibles could in turn result in
a difference in the depreciation or amortization expense recorded in the Company s consolidated financial statements. These
variances could be material to the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 

- 
 
 Exterior improvements 
 
 - 
 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
 
 - 

.0 million and
 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 39.8 million and for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

In
evaluating a hotel property for impairment, the Company makes several estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to,
the projected date of disposition of the property, the estimated future cash flows of the property during the Company s
ownership and the projected sales price of the property. A change in these estimates and assumptions could result in a change
in the estimated undiscounted cash flows or fair value of the Company s hotel property which could then result in different
conclusions regarding impairment and material changes to the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company has
recorded an impairment based on management s best estimate of fair value at September 30, 2024. This is a significant
estimate that could materially change within one year. For loss on impairment of the Company s hotel properties, see Note
3, Investment in Hotel Properties. 

Restricted
 cash 

Total
 cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

and as of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, respectively. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

million and million
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Expected future amortization of debt issuance costs as of September
30, 2024 is as follows (in thousands): 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

- (3) 

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

- (4) 

(5) 

Totals 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) of the Class B membership interests therein. See Note 4,
 Debt. 

(4) of the Class B membership interests therein. See Note 4,
 Debt. 

(5) 

Buildings and
 improvements 

Furniture,
 fixtures and equipment 

Total
 cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 
 
 Investment
 in hotel properties, net 

Based
on unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, the Company developed its own assumptions in determining the
fair value of and an aggregate loss on impairment of 39.8 million for the Residence Inn Austin, Embassy Suites Nashville, Marriott
Courtyard Lyndhurst, Townplace Suites Forth Worth and Residence Inn Houston Medical Center. Such loss on impairment was allocated
pro-rata among land, buildings and improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment. 

Townplace
Suites Fort Worth 

On
July 31, 2024, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement for the sale of the Townplace Suites Fort Worth property
(the Sale Agreement ). Pursuant to the Sale Agreement, the Company agreed to sell the Townplace Suites Fort Worth
property to an unaffiliated purchaser for an aggregate purchase price, subject to offsets and credits as set forth in the Sale
Agreement, of . The sale of the Townplace Suites Fort Worth property pursuant to the Sale Agreement is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver, as applicable, of customary closing conditions. There is no guarantee that sale of the Townplace Suites
Fort Worth property will be consummated on the terms described herein, or at all. 

of the
value of the Company s net assets. Net assets, for purposes of this calculation, is defined to be the
Company s total assets (other than intangibles), valued at cost prior to deducting depreciation, reserves for bad debts
and other non-cash reserves, less total liabilities. However, the Company may temporarily borrow in excess of of the
value of the Company s net assets if such excess is approved by a majority of the Company s independent directors
and disclosed to stockholders in the Company s next quarterly report, along with an explanation for such excess. As of September
30, 2024, the Company s debt levels did not exceed of the value of the Company s net assets, as defined
above. 

Springhill Suites
 Seattle 

Homewood Suites
 Woodlands 

Hyatt Place Germantown 

Hyatt Place North
 Charleston 

Hampton Inn Austin
 (1) 

Residence Inn
 Grapevine (1) 

Marriott Courtyard
 Lyndhurst (1) 

Hilton Garden
 Inn Austin 

Hampton Inn Great
 Valley 

Embassy Suites
 Nashville 

Homewood Suites
 Austin 

Townplace Suites
 Fort Worth (1) 

Hampton Inn Houston 

Residence Inn
 Houston Medical Center 

U.S.
 Small Business Administration Economic Injury Disaster Loans 

Total notes payable 

Less unamortized
 debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total
 notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 

(1) 

Monthly
payments of principal and interest are due and payable until the maturity date, except that monthly installments of principal
and interest begin two years from the dates of the U.S. Small Business Administration Economic Injury Disaster Loans. 

Each
of the Company s hotel properties are subject to a mortgage loan bearing interest at a fixed rate secured by the Company s
ownership interest in the property, except for Hyatt Place North Charleston and the Hampton Inn Houston mortgage loans which bear
interest at floating rates. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

Economic
Injury Disaster Loans 

The
Company obtained fifteen Loans Loans of each (an aggregate of million) from the U.S. Small
Business Administration. The Loans will be due in monthly installments of principal and interest beginning two years from the
dates of the Loans with balances due years from the dates of the Loans. The monthly installments are applied to accrued
interest first, then to principal. The Loans bear interest at the rate of per annum and are secured by the Company s
tangible and intangible personal property. The aggregate balance of the Loans was million as of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023. 

Notes
Payable to Related Party 

On
March 30, 2021, Moody National Capital, LLC Moody Capital ), an affiliate of the Company, loaned the Company .0
million pursuant to a promissory note (the Related Party Note ). The Related Party Note provides that the Company
may borrow up to an additional .0 million from Moody Capital, for a maximum aggregate loan amount of .0 million. All amounts
borrowed under the Related Party Note plus all accrued interest thereon, was due and payable in full on , provided
that the Company had the right to extend such maturity date for up to at the Company s discretion. The
Company elected to extend such maturity date for one year to . Interest on the Related Party Note began to
accrue effective March 30, 2021. The principal amount of the loan under the Related Party Note bears interest at a rate per annum
equal SOFR plus ; provided, however, that such interest rate will be increased to a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus 
if the Related Party Note is subordinated to another lender. The effective interest rate for the Related Party Note was 
as of September 30, 2024. The balance of the Related Party Note was .0 million as of each of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023. 

From
April 2021 to August 16, 2021, Moody Capital made a series of advances to the Company to meet specific cash flow needs of the
Company. Effective June 30, 2021, these advances were memorialized in a promissory note Second Related Party Note with a total maximum aggregate loan amount of .0 million. All amounts borrowed under the Second Related Party Note plus all
accrued interest thereon, will be due and payable in full on , provided that the Company may extend such maturity
date for up to at the Company s discretion. The Company elected to extend such maturity date for one
year to . Interest on the Second Related Party Note began to accrue effective June 30, 2021. The principal amount
of the loan under the Second Related Party Note bears interest at a rate per annum equal SOFR plus ; provided, however,
that such interest rate will be increased to a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus if the Second Related Party Note is
subordinated to another lender. The effective interest rate for the Second Related Party Note was as of September
30, 2024. The balance of the Second Related Party Note was .0 million as of each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

From
August 20, 2021 to September 30, 2021, Moody Capital made a series of advances to the Company to meet specific cash flow needs.
These advances were memorialized in a promissory note Third Related Party Note with a total maximum aggregate
loan amount of .0 million. All amounts borrowed under the Third Related Party Note plus all accrued interest thereon, will
be due and payable in full on , provided that the Company may extend such maturity date for up to at the Company s discretion. The Company elected to extend such maturity date for one year to .
Interest on the Third Related Party Note began to accrue effective August 20, 2021. The principal amount of the loan under the
Third Related Party Note bears interest at a rate per annum equal SOFR plus ; provided, however, that such interest
rate will be increased to a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus if the Third Related Party Nate is subordinated to another
lender. The effective interest rate for the Third Related Party Note was as of September 30, 2024. The balance of
the Third Related Party Note was .0 million as of each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

From
April 13, 2022 to September 30, 2023, Moody Capital made a series of advances to the Company to meet specific cash flow needs.
These advances were memorialized in a promissory note Fourth Related Party Note with a total maximum aggregate
loan amount of .0 million. All amounts borrowed under the Fourth Related Party Note plus all accrued interest thereon, will
be due and payable in full on , provided that the Company may extend such maturity date for up to at the
Company s discretion. Interest on the Fourth Related Party Note began to accrue effective April 13, 2022. The principal
amount of the loan under the Fourth Related Party Note bears interest at a rate per annum equal to one-year SOFR plus ; provided,
however, that such interest rate will be increased to a rate per annum equal to one-year SOFR plus if the Fourth Related
Party Note is subordinated to another lender. The effective interest rate for the Fourth Related Party Note was as of September
30, 2024. The balance of the Fourth Related Party Note was .0 million as of each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

From
January 1, 2024 to June 30, 2024, Moody Capital made a series of advances to the Company to meet specific cash flow needs. These
advances were memorialized in a promissory note Fifth Related Party Note with a total maximum aggregate loan amount
of .0 million. All amounts borrowed under the Fifth Related Party Note plus all accrued interest thereon, will be due and payable
in full on , provided that the Company may extend such maturity date for up to at the Company s
discretion. Interest on the Fifth Related Party Note began to accrue effective January 1, 2024. The principal amount of the loan
under the Fifth Related Party Note bears interest at a rate per annum equal to one-year SOFR plus ; provided, however, that
such interest rate will be increased to a rate per annum equal to one-year SOFR plus if the Fifth Related Party Note is
subordinated to another lender. The effective interest rate for the Fifth Related Party Note was as of September 30, 2024.
The balance of the Fifth Related Party Note was .0 million as of September 30, 2024. 

Interest
will be paid on the Related Party Note, the Second Related Party Note, the Third Related Party Note, the Fourth Related Party
Note, and the Fifth Related Party Note as permitted by available cash flow of the Company, or from the excess proceeds following
a sale of a property after the payment of expenses and amounts due to any senior lender, if applicable, and will be compounded
semi-annually. The Company expects to enter into a mutually agreeable subordination agreement with any such senior lender. The
Company may prepay the amounts due under the Related Party Note, the Second Related Party Note, the Third Related Party Note,
the Fourth Related Party Note, and the Fifth Related Party Note without any prepayment penalty. 

The
estimated fair value of the Company s notes payable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was million and
 million, respectively. The fair value of the notes payable was estimated based on discounted cash flow analyses using the
current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements as of the respective reporting dates. The discounted
cash flow method of assessing fair value results in a general approximation of value, and such value may never actually be realized. 

16 

.0 billion shares of common stock and .0 million shares of preferred stock.
All shares of such stock have a par value of per share. On August 15, 2014, the Company sold shares of common stock
to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of , which was paid in cash. As
of September 30, 2024, there were a total of 13.6 million shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding, including
 million shares, net of redemptions, issued in the Company s public offerings, million shares, net of redemptions,
issued in connection with the Mergers, the shares sold to Sponsor and shares of restricted stock issued to the Company s
directors, as discussed in Note 7 Incentive Award Plan, as follows (in thousands): 

Class T Shares 

Class I Shares 

Total 

The
Board is authorized to amend the Charter without the approval of the stockholders to increase the aggregate number of authorized
shares of capital stock or the number of shares of any class or series that the Company has authority to issue. 

Distributions 

The
Company first paid distributions on September 15, 2015. On March 24, 2020, the Board unanimously approved the suspension of (i)
the payment of distributions to the Company s stockholders, effective immediately, and (ii) the operation of the DRP, effective
as of April 6, 2020, due to the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic had on the Company s hotel properties. The payment of
distributions and the operation of the DRP will remain suspended until such time as the Board approves their resumption. 

Noncontrolling
Interest in Operating Partnership 

Noncontrolling
interest in the OP at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and 1.9 million, respectively, which represented
 common units in the OP issued in connection with the acquisition of the Springhill Suites Seattle and the Partnership
Merger, and is reported in equity in the consolidated balance sheets. Loss from the OP attributable to these noncontrolling interests
was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was 1.3 million and 
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

and in consideration of services to be provided by the Advisor, the OP has issued an affiliate of the Advisor,
Moody LPOP II, a separate, special limited partnership interest, in the form of Special Limited Partnership Interests. For further
detail, please see Note 8, Subordinated Participation Interest. 

Sales
Commissions and Dealer Manager Fees 

From
January 1, 2017 through June 12, 2017, the Company paid Moody Securities an up-front selling commission of up to of the gross
proceeds of what are now the Class A Shares sold in the primary offering and a dealer manager fee of up to of the gross proceeds
of what are now the Class A Shares sold in the primary offering. Beginning on June 12, 2017, the Company reallocated its common
shares into four separate share classes, Class A Shares, Class T Shares, Class I Shares and Class D Shares, with the differing
fees for each class of shares. 

Beginning
January 16, 2018, the Advisor assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder
servicing fees paid in connection with the Company s public offering; provided, however , that the Advisor intends
to recoup the funding of such amounts through the Contingent Advisor Payment (described below). In connection with the implementation
of the Contingent Advisor Payment, the Company reduced the up-front selling commission paid with respect to the Class A Shares
from up to to up to of the gross proceeds of the Class A Shares sold in the primary offering and reduced the dealer
manager fee paid with respect to the Class A Shares from up to to up to of the gross proceeds of the Class A Shares
sold in the primary offering. As of September 30, 2024, Advisor had paid Moody Securities million in selling commissions,
trailing stockholder servicing fees, and dealer manager fees related to the Company s public offering, of which million
could potentially be recouped by the Advisor at a later date through the Contingent Advisor Payment. 

Organization
and Offering Expenses 

The
Advisor will receive reimbursement for organizational and offering expenses incurred on the Company s behalf, but only to
the extent that such reimbursements do not exceed actual expenses incurred by Advisor and do not cause the cumulative selling
commissions, dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees and other organization and offering expenses borne by the Company
to exceed of gross offering proceeds from the sale of shares in the Company s follow-on offering as of the date of
reimbursement. 

As
of September 30, 2024, total offering costs for the initial public offering and the follow-on offering were million, comprised
of million of offering costs incurred directly by the Company and million in offering costs incurred by and reimbursable
to the Advisor. As of September 30, 2024, total offering costs for the initial public offering were million, comprised of
 million of offering costs incurred directly by the Company and million in offering costs incurred by and reimbursable
to the Advisor. As of September 30, 2024, total offering costs for the follow-on offering were million, comprised of of
offering costs incurred directly by the Company and million in offering costs incurred by and reimbursable to the Advisor.
As of September 30, 2024, the Company had due to the Advisor for reimbursable offering costs. 

Acquisition
Fees 

As
of January 16, 2018, the Advisor assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder
servicing fees in connection with the Company s public offering. In connection therewith, as of January 16, 2018, the acquisition
fee payable to the Advisor was increased from to up to a maximum of of (1) the cost of all investments the Company
acquires (including the Company s pro rata share of any indebtedness assumed or incurred in respect of the investment and
exclusive of acquisition and financing coordination fees), (2) the Company s allocable
cost of investments acquired in a joint venture (including the Company s pro rata share of the purchase price and
the Company s pro rata share of any indebtedness assumed or incurred in respect of that investment and exclusive of acquisition
fees and financing coordination fees) or (3) the amount funded by the Company to acquire or originate a loan or other investment,
including mortgage, mezzanine or bridge loans (including any third-party expenses related to such investment and exclusive of
acquisition fees and financing coordination fees). The up to acquisition fee consists of (i) a base acquisition fee
and (ii) up to an additional contingent acquisition fee (the Contingent Advisor Payment ). The base acquisition
fee will always be payable upon the acquisition of an investment by the Company, unless the receipt thereof is waived by the Advisor.
The amount of the Contingent Advisor Payment to be paid in connection with the closing of an acquisition will be reviewed on an
acquisition-by-acquisition basis and such payment shall not exceed the then-outstanding amounts paid by the Advisor for dealer
manager fees, selling commissions or stockholder servicing fees at the time of such closing. For purposes of determining the amount
of Contingent Advisor Payment payable, the amounts paid by the Advisor for dealer manager fees, selling commissions or stockholder
servicing fees and considered outstanding will be reduced by the amount of the Contingent Advisor Payment previously
paid and taking into account the amount of the Contingent Advisor Holdback. The Advisor may waive or defer all or a portion of
the acquisition fee at any time and from time to time, in the Advisor s sole discretion. The Company did not incur any acquisition
fees payable to Advisor for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Reimbursement
of Acquisition Expenses 

The
Advisor may also be reimbursed by the Company for actual expenses related to the evaluation, selection and acquisition of real
estate investments, regardless of whether the Company actually acquires the related assets. The Company did not reimburse the
Advisor for any acquisition expenses during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Financing
Coordination Fee 

The
Advisor also receives financing coordination fees of of the amount available under any loan or line of credit made available
to the Company and of the amount available or outstanding under any refinanced loan or line of credit. The Advisor will
pay some or all of these fees to third parties with whom it subcontracts to coordinate financing for the Company. The Company
did not incur any financing coordination fees payable to the Advisor during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023. 

Property
Management Fee 

The
Company pays Moody National Hospitality Management, LLC Property Manager a monthly hotel management fee equal
to of the monthly gross operating revenues from the properties managed by Property Manager for services it provides in connection
with operating and managing properties. The hotel management agreements between the Company and the Property Manager generally
have initial terms of . Property Manager may pay some or all of the compensation it receives from the Company to a third-party
property manager for management or leasing services. In the event that the Company contracts directly with a non-affiliated third-party
property manager, the Company will pay Property Manager a market-based oversight fee. The Company will reimburse the costs and
expenses incurred by Property Manager on the Company s behalf, including legal, travel and other out-of-pocket expenses
that are directly related to the management of specific properties, but the Company will not reimburse Property Manager for general
overhead costs or personnel costs other than employees or subcontractors who are engaged in the on-site operation, management,
maintenance or access control of the properties. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred
property management fees of and , respectively, and accounting fees for each three month period of .
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred property management fees of million and 
million, respectively, and accounting fees of each nine month period of , which are included in hotel operating expense
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

The
Company may pay an annual incentive fee to Property Manager. Such annual incentive fee is equal to of the amount by which
the operating profit from the properties managed by Property Manager for such fiscal year (or partial fiscal year) exceeds 
of the total investment of such properties. Property Manager may pay some or all of this
annual incentive fee to third-party sub-property managers for management services. For purposes of this annual incentive
fee, total investment means the sum of (i) the price paid to acquire a property, including closing costs, conversion
costs, and transaction costs; (ii) additional invested capital and (iii) any other costs paid in connection with the acquisition
of the property, whether incurred pre- or post-acquisition. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not paid any annual incentive
fees to Property Manager. 

Asset
Management Fee 

The
Company pays the Advisor a monthly asset management fee of one-twelfth of of the cost of investment of all real estate investments
the Company acquires. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred asset management fees for each
three month period of million payable to the Advisor, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company
incurred asset management fees for each nine month period of million payable to Advisor, which are recorded in corporate
general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Disposition
Fee 

The
Company may also pay the Advisor or its affiliates a disposition fee in an amount of up to one-half of the brokerage commission
paid on the sale of an asset, but in no event greater than of the contract sales price of each property or other investment
sold; provided, however, in no event may the aggregate disposition fees paid to the Advisor and any real estate commissions paid
to unaffiliated third parties exceed of the contract sales price. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not incurred any
disposition fees payable to the Advisor. 

Operating
Expense Reimbursement 

The
Company will reimburse the Advisor for all expenses paid or incurred by the Advisor in connection with the services provided to
the Company, subject to the limitation that the Company will not reimburse the Advisor for any amount by which the Company s
aggregate operating expenses (including the asset management fee payable to the Advisor) at the end of the four preceding fiscal
quarters exceeds the greater of: (1) of the Company s average invested assets, or (2) of the Company s net
income determined without reduction for any additions to reserves for depreciation, bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves
and excluding any gain from the sale of the Company s assets for that period (the / Limitation ). Notwithstanding
the above, the Company may reimburse the Advisor for expenses in excess of the / Limitation if a majority of the Company s
independent directors determines that such excess expenses are justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors. For the four
fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2024, total operating expenses of the Company were .0 million, which included .0 million
in operating expenses incurred directly by the Company and .0 million incurred by the Advisor on behalf of the Company. Of the
 .0 million in total operating expenses incurred during the four fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2024, exceeded the / 
Limitation. The Company reimbursed the Advisor .0 million during the four fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2024. As of September
30, 2024, the Company had due to the Advisor for operating expense reimbursement. 

Notes
Payable to Related Party 

See
Note 4, Debt to the consolidated financial statements for a description of notes payable to related party. The balance
of notes payable to related party was .0 million and .0 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Due
to Related Parties, Net 

Asset
 management fee 

Accounts
 payable to Property Manager 

Accrued
 interest on related party notes 

Total
 due to related parties, net 

19 

shares
of restricted stock when the Company raised the minimum offering amount of in the Company s initial public offering.
Each new independent director who subsequently joins the Board will receive a grant of shares of restricted stock upon his
or her election to the Board. In addition, on the date of each of the first four annual meetings of the Company s stockholders
at which an independent director is re-elected to the Board, he or she will receive an additional grant of shares of restricted
stock. Subject to certain conditions, the non-vested shares of restricted stock granted pursuant to the Independent Directors
Compensation Plan will vest and become non-forfeitable in four equal quarterly installments beginning on the first day of the
first quarter following the date of grant; provided, however, that the restricted stock will become fully vested on the earlier
to occur of (1) the termination of the independent director s service as a director due to his or her death or disability
or (2) a change in control of the Company. As of September 30, 2024, there were common shares remaining available for
future issuance under the Incentive Award Plan and the Independent Directors Compensation Plan. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, no compensation
expense was recorded by the Company related to such shares of restricted stock. As of September 30, 2024, there were non-vested
shares of restricted common stock granted pursuant to the Independent Directors Compensation Plan. 

of the OP s net cash flows, whether from continuing operations, the repayment of
loans, the disposition of assets or otherwise, but only after the Company s stockholders (and current and future limited
partnership interest holders of the OP other than the former limited partners of Moody I OP) have received, in the aggregate,
cumulative distributions equal to their total invested capital plus a cumulative, non-compounded annual pre-tax return on
such aggregated invested capital. Former limited partners of Moody I OP must have received a cumulative annual return of ,
which is equal to the same return to which such holders were entitled before distributions to the special limited partner of Moody
I OP could have been paid under the limited partnership agreement of Moody I OP. In addition, Moody LPOP II is entitled to a separate
payment if it redeems its Special Limited Partnership Interests. The Special Limited Partnership Interests may be redeemed upon:
(1) the listing of the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange or (2) the occurrence of certain events
that result in the termination or non-renewal of the Advisory Agreement, in each case for an amount that Moody LPOP II would have
been entitled to receive had the OP disposed of all of its assets at the enterprise valuation as of the date of the event triggering
the redemption. 

20 

Insurance 

Hotel furniture
 and fixtures 

Debt service 

Property
 improvement plan 

Total restricted
 cash 

Franchise
Agreements 

As
September 30, 2024, all of the Company s hotel properties, including those acquired as part of the Moody I Portfolio, are
operated under franchise agreements with initial terms ranging from to years. The franchise agreements allow the properties
to operate under the franchisor s brand. Pursuant to the franchise agreements, the Company pays a royalty fee generally
between and of room revenue, plus additional fees for marketing, central reservation systems and other franchisor costs
that amount to between and of room revenue. The Company incurred franchise fee expense of million and million
for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for each of the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which amounts are included in hotel operating expenses in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. 

million and , respectively. 

The
Company had deferred tax assets of million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, net of a valuation allowance of
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to net operating loss carry
forwards of the TRS which are included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. As of September
30, 2024, the TRS had a net operating loss carry-forward of million, of which million was transferred from Moody I s
taxable REIT subsidiaries when they were merged into the Company s TRS on the date of the closing of the Mergers. 

Deferred benefit 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Valuation provision
 for deferred benefit 

Total
 expense 

Federal 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Valuation provision for federal taxes 

State 

Total
 tax expense 

On
September 30, 2024, the Company had net deferred tax assets of million primarily due to past years federal and state
tax operating losses of the TRS. 
The Company analyzes state loss carryforwards on a state-by-state basis and records a valuation allowance when management deems
it more likely than not that future results will not generate sufficient taxable income in the respective state to realize the
deferred tax asset prior to the expiration of the loss carryforwards. Management believes that it is more likely than not that
the results of future operations of the TRS will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets, in excess
of the valuation allowance, related to federal and state loss carryforwards prior to the expiration of the loss carryforwards
and has determined that no valuation allowance is necessary. From time to time, the Company may be subjected to federal, state
or local tax audits in the normal course of business. 

21 

million, excluding closing costs . The closing of the sale is scheduled
for early 2025, however the sale is subject to the satisfaction or waiver, as applicable, of customary closing conditions and
there is no guarantee that the sale of the Marriott Courtyard Lyndhurst will
be consummated on the terms described herein, or at all. 

22 

ITEM
 2. MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Moody
National REIT II, Inc. and the notes thereto. As used herein, the terms we, our, us 
and our company refer to Moody National REIT II, Inc. and, as required by context, Moody National Operating Partnership
II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, which we refer to as our operating partnership, and to their respective
subsidiaries. References to shares and our common stock refer to the shares of our common stock. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

Certain
statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, or this Quarterly Report, that are not historical facts (including
any statements concerning investment objectives, other plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance,
or assumptions or forecasts related thereto) are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange
Act. These statements are only predictions. We caution that forward-looking statements are not guarantees. Actual events or our
investments and results of operations could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as may, should, expect, 
 could, intend, plan, anticipate, estimate, believe, 
 continue, predict, potential or the negative of such terms and other comparable terms. 

The
forward-looking statements included herein are based upon our current expectations, plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs,
which involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among
other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or
impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our actual results and performance could differ materially
from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could have a material adverse effect on our operations and
prospects include, but are not limited to: 

our
 ability to obtain financing or refinancing on acceptable terms, satisfy our existing
 debt service obligations and negotiate extensions or other modifications to the terms
 of our existing financing arrangements to the extent necessary; 

foreclosure
 or other actions initiated by lenders in response to our default on loans secured by
 our properties; 

whether
 we will be able to resume raising capital pursuant to public or private offerings of
 our securities; 

our
 ability to effectively dispose of properties upon acceptable terms; 

our
 ability to identify and acquire real estate and real estate-related assets on terms that
 are favorable to us; 

risks
 inherent in the real estate business, including the lack of liquidity for real estate
 and real estate-related assets on terms that are favorable to us; 

our
 ability to compete in the hotel industry; 

adverse
 developments affecting our sponsor and its affiliates; 

the
 availability of cash flow from operating activities for distributions; 

changes
 in economic conditions generally and the real estate and debt markets specifically; 

conflicts
 of interest arising out of our relationship with our advisor and its affiliates; 

legislative
 or regulatory changes, including changes to the laws governing the taxation of real estate
 investment trusts; 

the
 availability of capital; 

our
 ability to continue to qualify as a real estate investment trust; and 

changes
 in interest rates. 

23 

Any
of the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements included herein could be inaccurate, and undue reliance should not
be placed upon any forward-looking statements included herein. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this
Quarterly Report and the risk that actual results will differ materially from the expectations expressed herein will increase
with the passage of time. Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements made after the date of this Quarterly Report, whether as a result of new information,
future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking
statements included in this Quarterly Report, including, without limitation, the risks described under Risk Factors, 
the inclusion of such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the
objectives and plans set forth in this Quarterly Report will be achieved. 

Overview 

We
are a Maryland corporation formed on July 25, 2014, to invest in a portfolio of select-service hospitality properties with premier
brands including, but not limited to, Marriott, Hilton and Hyatt. We have elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust,
or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code, beginning with our taxable year ended
December 31, 2016. We own, and in the future intend to own, substantially all of our assets and conduct our operations through
Moody National Operating Partnership II, LP, or our operating partnership. We are the sole general partner of our operating partnership,
and the initial limited partners of our operating partnership were our subsidiary, Moody OP Holdings II, LLC, or Moody Holdings
II, and Moody National LPOP II, LLC, or Moody LPOP II, an affiliate of our advisor (as defined below). Moody Holdings II invested
 1,000 in our operating partnership in exchange for limited partnership interests in our operating partnership, and Moody LPOP
II invested 1,000 in our operating partnership in exchange for special limited partnership interests in our operating partnership. 

We
are externally managed by Moody National Advisor II, LLC, a related party, which we refer to as our advisor, pursuant to an advisory
agreement among us, our operating partnership and our advisor, or the advisory agreement. Our advisor was formed in July 2014.
Moody National REIT Sponsor, LLC, which we refer to as our sponsor, is owned and managed by Brett C. Moody, who also serves as
our Chief Executive Officer and President and the Chief Executive Officer and President of our advisor. 

On
January 20, 2015, we commenced our initial public offering of up to 1.1 billion in shares of common stock, consisting of up to
 1.0 billion in shares of our common stock offered to the public and up to 100 million in shares offered to our stockholders
pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan, or the DRP. On June 26, 2017, we reallocated the shares of our common stock being
sold in our initial public offering as Class A common stock, 0.01 par value per share, or the Class A Shares, Class I common
stock, 0.01 par value per share, or the Class I Shares, and Class T common stock, 0.01 par value per share, or the Class T Shares.
We collectively refer to the Class A Shares, Class I Shares and Class T Shares as our shares. On July 19, 2018,
we commenced our follow-on public offering of up to 990 million in any combination of the three classes of our shares, consisting
of up to 895 million in shares of our common stock offered to the public and up to 95 million in shares of our common stock
offered to our stockholders pursuant to the DRP. 

Our
follow-on public offering was terminated (including pursuant to the DRP) effective as of March 25, 2020. We accepted investors 
subscriptions for and issued an aggregate of 10.2 million shares in our initial public offering and our follow-on public offering,
excluding shares issued in connection with the Mergers (as defined below) and including 567,000 shares pursuant to the DRP, resulting
in aggregate gross offering proceeds of 234.6 million. We accepted investors subscriptions for and issued 4.1 million
shares in the follow-on offering, including 352,000 shares pursuant to the DRP, resulting in gross offering proceeds of 87.2
million for the follow-on public offering. 

Effective
January 16, 2018, our advisor assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder
servicing fees paid in connection with our public offering; provided, however , that our advisor intends to recoup the selling
commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees that it funded through receipt of an increased acquisition fee
(as discussed in Note 6, Related Party Agreements-Acquisition Fees, in the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

Moody
Securities, LLC, an affiliate of our advisor, which we refer to as the dealer manager or Moody Securities, 
is our dealer manager and was responsible for the distribution of our common stock in our public offerings. 

As
of September 30, 2024, our portfolio consisted of ownership interests in fifteen hotel properties located in six states, comprising
a total of 2,123 rooms. Our principle executive offices are located at 9655 Katy Freeway, Suite 600, Houston, Texas 77024, and
our main telephone number is (713) 977-7500. 

24 

COVID-19
Pandemic 

The
global COVID-19 pandemic had a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. COVID-19 dramatically
reduced travel, which had an unprecedented adverse impact on the hotel industry. As a result, the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant
adverse effect on the operating results of our hotel properties, which depend primarily upon revenues driven by business and leisure
travel, and on our business, financial performance and operating results. Since March 2020, we experienced a significant decline
in bookings, occupancy and revenues across our hotel properties. Our hotel properties have operated at a property net operating
loss since the outbreak of COVID-19, which had an adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flow from operations. In
addition, we reduced certain services and amenities at our hotel properties. 

Each
of our hotel properties is subject to a mortgage loan secured by our ownership interest in the property. If we are unable to service
the mortgage loan secured by a hotel property due to decreased revenues generated by such property, the lender with respect to
such mortgage loan may initiate foreclosure procedures with respect to the property or initiate other available remedies. As of
the date of this Quarterly Report, we are current with respect to the payments due under the mortgage loans secured by our hotel
properties or are in compliance with the modified terms of certain mortgage loans and other accommodations as agreed to with the
lenders. As discussed in Note 4, Debt, to the consolidated financial statements included in the Quarterly Report,
during 2021 certain lenders agreed to limited loan modifications, including temporary deferrals of interest and principal payments
and agreements to forebear the enforcement of default remedies available under the terms of the loan documents. As of the date
of this Quarterly Report, no lenders accelerated the maturity of any of the loans secured by our properties or initiated foreclosure
procedures with respect to any of our properties. However, there can be no guarantee that the lenders will continue to agree to
further loan modifications or accommodations and will not elect to exercise the remedies available to them under the loan documents,
including acceleration or foreclosure actions. The exercise of any such remedies by a lender will have an adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations and will impair our ability to resume the payment of distributions to our stockholders. 

In
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we terminated our public offering of common stock (including pursuant to the DRP), effective
as of March 2020. We are not currently raising capital through the sale of our securities and we do not intend to begin to do
so in the near term. We also indefinitely suspended the payment of distributions to our stockholders effective as of March 2020
and the operation of our share repurchase program effective as of April 2020. Our board of directors and our management continue
to evaluate our financial condition and the overall economic environment to determine if and when we will seek to resume raising
capital, resume the payment of distributions and reinstate our share repurchase program. Specifically, our board of directors,
in consultation with management, will continue to monitor our operations and intends to resume distributions at a time and level
determined to be prudent in relation to our other cash requirements or in order to maintain our REIT status for federal income
tax purposes. However, it is impossible to predict if or when we will be able to take any such actions. 

Merger
with Moody National REIT I, Inc. 

On
September 27, 2017, the merger of Moody National REIT I, Inc., or Moody I, with and into our company, and the merger of Moody
National Operating Partnership I, L.P., or Moody I OP, the operating partnership of Moody I, with and into our operating partnership,
or the Mergers, were completed. For additional discussion of the Mergers, see the notes to the consolidated financial statements
included in this Quarterly Report. 

Factors
Which May Influence Results of Operations 

Economic
Conditions Affecting Our Target Portfolio 

Adverse
economic conditions affecting the hospitality sector, the geographic regions in which we plan to invest or the real estate market
generally may have a material impact on our capital resources and the revenue or income to be derived from the operation of our
hospitality investments. As discussed above, the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant adverse effect on our hotel properties. 

Offering
Proceeds 

Our
ability to make investments depends in significant part upon the net proceeds raised from the sale of our securities and our ability
to finance the acquisition of our investments. As discussed above, we terminated our public offering of common stock (including
pursuant to the DRP), effective as of March 2020. Our ability to acquire additional assets, satisfy our debt service obligations
and pay other operating expenses will be adversely impacted until such time as we resume raising capital. If we are not able to
resume raising capital, we will make fewer investments resulting in relatively less portfolio diversification and sources of income,
and the likelihood of our profitability being affected by the performance of any one of our investments will increase. In addition,
if we are unable to resume raising capital, our fixed operating expenses as a percentage of gross income will be relatively higher
than if we do not resume raising capital, which could affect our net income and results of operations. We cannot predict if or
when we will be able to resume raising capital in a public offering or that we will identify other means of raising significant
additional capital. 

25 

Results
of Operations 

We
were formed on July 25, 2014. As of both September 30, 2024 and 2023, we legally owned interests in fifteen hotel properties located
in six states, comprising a total of 2,123 rooms. On July 31, 2024 we entered into an agreement to sell the Townplace Suites Fort
Worth property. 

Beginning
in March 2020, COVID-19 caused widespread cancellations of both business and leisure travel throughout the United States, resulting
in significant decreases in bookings, occupancy and revenues throughout our hotel portfolio and the hospitality industry as a
whole. Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased from the year ended December 2022 and nearly equaled the revenue
for the year ended December 31, 2019, the last full year prior to the pandemic. We expect a recovery in revenues as travel continues
to improve. 

Comparison
of the three months ended September 30, 2024 versus the three months ended September 30, 2023 

Revenue 

Hotel
revenue decreased to 20.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 21.9 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2023. 

The
table below sets forth a comparison of hotel revenues for the hotels owned continuously for the three months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023 (all amounts in thousands). 

Three
 months ended 
 September 30, 

Increase 

2024 

2023 

(Decrease) 

Residence
 Inn Austin 

1,042 

1,116 

(74) 
 
 Springhill
 Suites Seattle 

4,113 

3,907 

206 

Homewood
 Suites Woodlands 

803 

710 

93 

Hyatt
 Place Germantown 

1,140 

1,138 

2 

Hyatt
 Place North Charleston 

821 

817 

4 

Hampton
 Inn Austin 

682 

948 

(266) 
 
 Residence
 Inn Grapevine 

1,650 

1,594 

56 

Marriott
 Courtyard Lyndhurst 

1,060 

2,085 

(1,025) 
 
 Hilton
 Garden Inn Austin 

772 

1,035 

(263) 
 
 Hampton
 Inn Great Valley 

944 

966 

(22) 
 
 Embassy
 Suites Nashville 

3,069 

3,653 

(584) 
 
 Homewood
 Suites Austin 

901 

1,055 

(154) 
 
 Townplace
 Suites Fort Worth 

657 

663 

(6) 
 
 Hampton
 Inn Houston 

822 

457 

365 

Residence
 Inn Houston Medical Center 

2,185 

1,796 

389 

Total 

20,661 

21,940 

(1,279) 

Hotel
Operating Expenses 

Hotel
operating expenses increased to 14.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 14.2 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2023. Such increase was primarily due to increases in prices for goods and services at certain hotel properties. 

Property
Taxes, Insurance and Other 

Property
taxes, insurance and other expenses increased to 1.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 1.6 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in property taxes, insurance and other expenses was primarily due
to increases in certain state and local property taxes. 

Depreciation
and amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization was 4.0 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

26 

Corporate
General and Administrative Expenses 

Corporate
general and administrative expenses decreased to 1.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 1.7 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2023. These general and administrative expenses consisted primarily of asset management
fees, professional fees and directors fees. 

Loss
on Impairment of Hotel Properties 

Loss
on impairment of hotel properties was 18.0 million and 0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
We recognized loss on impairment of hotel properties to adjust the carrying amount of the Residence Inn Austin and Embassy Suites
Nashville to estimated fair value. 

Interest
Expense and Amortization of Debt Issuance Costs 

Interest
expense and amortization of debt issuance costs increased to 4.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 4.3
million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. In future periods our interest expense will vary based on the amount of
our borrowings, which will depend on the availability and cost of borrowings and our ability to identify and acquire assets that
meet our investment objectives. 

Income
Tax Expense 

Our
income tax expense was 30,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 24,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2023. The increase was due to an increase in state taxable income of our taxable REIT subsidiary, or TRS, for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

Comparison
of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 versus the nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Revenue 

Hotel
revenue was 61.6 million and 62.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

The
table below sets forth a comparison of hotel revenues for the hotels we owned continuously for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 (all amounts in thousands): 

Nine
 months ended September 30, 

Increase 

2024 

2023 

(Decrease) 

Residence
 Inn Austin 

3,419 

3,806 

(387) 
 
 Springhill
 Suites Seattle 

9,419 

8,244 

1,175 

Homewood
 Suites Woodlands 

2,407 

2,202 

205 

Hyatt
 Place Germantown 

3,336 

3,216 

120 

Hyatt
 Place North Charleston 

2,478 

2,132 

346 

Hampton
 Inn Austin 

2,647 

3,016 

(369) 
 
 Residence
 Inn Grapevine 

5,170 

4,994 

176 

Marriott
 Courtyard Lyndhurst 

3,330 

5,347 

(2,017) 
 
 Hilton
 Garden Inn Austin 

2,805 

3,438 

(633) 
 
 Hampton
 Inn Great Valley 

2,638 

2,745 

(107) 
 
 Embassy
 Suites Nashville 

9,933 

10,548 

(615) 
 
 Homewood
 Suites Austin 

3,168 

3,445 

(277) 
 
 Townplace
 Suites Fort Worth 

2,079 

2,146 

(67) 
 
 Hampton
 Inn Houston 

2,243 

1,656 

587 

Residence
 Inn Houston Medical Center 

6,517 

5,930 

587 

Total 

61,589 

62,865 

(1,276) 

Hotel
Operating Expenses 

Hotel
operating expenses decreased to 41.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 42.3 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2023. Such decrease was primarily due to legislative change in state franchise tax calculations offset by
increases in prices for goods and services and to the decreased occupancy at certain hotel properties. 

27 

Property
Taxes, Insurance and Other 

Property
taxes, insurance and other expenses increased to 5.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 4.9 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in property taxes, insurance and other expenses was primarily due to increases
in certain state and local property taxes. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization increased to 12.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 11.9 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2023. 

Corporate
General and Administrative Expenses 

Corporate
general and administrative expenses increased to 5.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 5.1 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These general and administrative expenses consisted primarily of asset management fees,
professional fees and directors fees. 

Loss
on Impairment of Hotel Properties 

Loss
on impairment of hotel properties was 39.8 million and 0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
We recognized loss on impairment of hotel properties to adjust the carrying amount of the Residence Inn Austin, Embassy Suites
Nashville, Marriott Courtyard Lyndhurst, Townplace Suites Forth Worth and Residence Inn Houston Medical Center to estimated fair
value. 

Interest
Expense and Amortization of Debt Issuance Costs 

Interest
expense and amortization of debt issuance costs increased to 14.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 12.4
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs
was primarily due to an increase in the balance of notes payable to related party and an increase in interest rates for matured
loans and loan renewals, extensions and refinancings. In future periods our interest expense will vary based on the amount of
our borrowings, which will depend on the availability and cost of borrowings and our ability to identify and acquire assets that
meet our investment objectives. 

Income
Tax Expense 

Our
income tax expense was 126,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 130,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2023. The decrease was due to a decrease in state taxable income of our TRS for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared
to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
principal demand for funds is for the payment of operating expenses, principal and interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness,
the acquisition of real estate assets, and, to the extent we elect to resume the payment of distributions, the payment of distributions
to our stockholders. 

Our
principal short-term source of liquidity is the operating cash flows generated from our hotel properties. Historically, proceeds
from our public offering supplied a significant portion of our available cash. However, our public offering has been terminated
and we cannot predict if or when we will be able to resume raising capital pursuant to the sale of our securities. If we are able
to resume raising capital pursuant to an offering of our securities, there may be a delay between the sale of our securities and
our purchase of assets, which could result in a delay in the benefits to our stockholders, if any, of returns generated from our
investment operations. Since 2020, we have taken measures to preserve capital and increase liquidity, including suspending our
monthly distribution and postponing non-essential capital improvements. We anticipate funding our near-term cash needs with improving
operating cash flows generated from our properties. 

We
may, but are not required to, establish working capital reserves out of cash flow generated by our real estate assets or out of
proceeds from the sale of our real estate assets. We do not anticipate establishing a general working capital reserve; however,
we may establish working capital reserves with respect to particular investments. We also may, but are not required to, establish
reserves out of cash flow generated by our real estate assets or out of net sale proceeds in non-liquidating sale transactions.
Working capital reserves are typically used to fund tenant improvements, leasing commissions and major capital expenditures. We
also escrow funds for property improvements. Our lenders also may require working capital reserves. Financing agreements that
we enter into may also contain various customary covenants, including but not limited to financial covenants, covenants requiring
monthly deposits in respect of certain property costs, covenants imposing restrictions on indebtedness and liens, and restrictions
on investments and participation in other asset disposition, merger or business combination or dissolution transactions. 

28 

Although
there can be no assurances, we anticipate that available cash will be adequate to meet our near-term potential operating cash
flow deficits, debt service and capital expenditures. If we are unable to satisfy our near-term anticipated cash requirements
as currently planned, we may raise capital through the disposition of assets, the sale of our equity or debt securities or short-term
borrowing, all of which may be more costly to us in the current economic environment. We have placed six of our fifteen hotel
properties on the market for sale: (1) the Residence Inn Austin. (2) the Residence Inn Grapevine, (3) the Marriott Courtyard Lyndhurst,
(4) the Embassy Suites Nashville, (5) the Townplace Suites Fort Worth, and (6) the Residence Inn Houston Medical Center. Such
properties may be sold individually or as one or more multi-property portfolios. On July 31, 2024, we entered into an agreement
to sell the Townplace Suites Fort Worth property but had not entered into any other legally binding agreements for the sale of
any such properties as of September 30, 2024. There can be no guarantee that we will dispose of all or any portion of such properties
or when any such sales will occur. A number of the properties on the market, including the Townplace Suites Fort Worth property,
are subject to mortgage loans which will mature and become due and payable in full during the remainder of 2024 (or which, in
one case, have already matured). We may be forced to dispose of such properties on terms that are less advantageous to us than
we would otherwise prefer, including for sales prices lower than the purchase price we paid for such properties. If we are unable
to dispose of such properties prior to the maturity date of the loans secured by such properties, successfully refinance such
loans or negotiate maturity date extensions or other accommodations for such loans, the lenders may initiate foreclosure proceedings
or exercise other remedies available to them under the loan documents. The exercise of any such remedies by a lender will have
an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and will adversely impact the value of an investment in
our shares. 

Net
Cash Provided By Operating Activities 

As
of both September 30, 2024 and 2023, we owned interests in fifteen hotel properties. Net cash provided by operating activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 808,000 and 607,000, respectively. The increase in cash provided by
operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to increases in accounts payable and accrued
expenses and due to related parties of 1.8 million and 3.7 million, respectively, compared to increases of 1.0 million and
 1.9 million, in those respective accounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Net
Cash Used In Investing Activities 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities decreased to 1.2 million compared to net cash
used in investing activities of 2.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to a decrease
in cash used for improvements and additions to hotel properties of 1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared
cash used for improvements and additions to hotel properties of 2.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Net
Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our cash flows from financing activities consisted primarily of proceeds notes payable
to related party, net of repayments of notes payable. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 was 6.0 million and 5.5 million, respectively. The increase in cash provided by financing activities for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to the fact net note retirements decreased to 3.9 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 from 4.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and proceeds of notes payable to
related parties increased to 10.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 9.9 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2023. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

As
of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 30.7 million. 

Debt 

We
use, and intend to use in the future, secured and unsecured debt as a means of providing additional funds for the acquisition
of real property, and potentially for the acquisition of real estate-related securities. By operating on a leveraged basis, we
expect that we will have more funds available for investments and will be able to make more investments than would otherwise be
possible, which will potentially result in enhanced investment returns and a more diversified portfolio. However, our use of leverage
increases the risk of default on loan payments and the resulting foreclosure on a particular asset. In addition, lenders may have
recourse to assets other than those specifically securing the repayment of the indebtedness. When debt financing is unattractive
due to high interest rates or other reasons, or when financing is otherwise unavailable on a timely basis, we may purchase certain
assets for cash with the intention of obtaining debt financing at a later time. 

Each
of our hotel properties is subject to a mortgage secured by our ownership interest in the property. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted
in a significant decline in the revenues generated by our hotel properties and increased the risk that we will be unable to satisfy
our debt service obligations. If we are unable to service the mortgage loan secured by a hotel property, the lender may initiate
foreclosure procedures with respect to the property or initiate other available remedies. As of September 30, 2024, we were current
with respect to the payments due under the mortgage loans secured by our hotel properties or are in compliance with the modified
terms of certain mortgage loans as agreed to with the lenders and other accommodations. As discussed in Note 4, Debt, 
to the consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report, certain lenders have agreed to limited loan modifications,
including temporary deferrals of interest and principal payments. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, no lenders have accelerated
the maturity of any of the loans secured by our properties or initiated foreclosure procedures with respect to any of our properties.
However, there can be no guarantee that the lenders will continue to agree to further loan modifications or accommodations and
will not elect to exercise the remedies available to them under the loan documents, including acceleration or foreclosure actions.
The exercise of any such remedies by a lender will have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations
and will impair our ability to resume the payment of distributions to our stockholders. Several of the mortgage loans secured
by our hotel properties mature during 2024. 

29 

The
U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates repeatedly during 2023 and may further increase interest rates in 2024. Any change
in the fiscal policies or stated target interest rates of the U.S. Federal Reserve or other central banking institutions, or market
expectations of such change, are difficult to predict and may result in significantly higher long-term interest rates. Such a
transition may be abrupt and may, among other things, reduce the availability or increase the costs of obtaining new debt and
refinancing existing indebtedness. In the event that the interest rate on any of our outstanding mortgage loans or other indebtedness
increases significantly, we may not have sufficient funds to pay the required interest payments. 

Notes
Payable to Related Party 

On
March 30, 2021, Moody National Capital, LLC Moody Capital ), an affiliate of our sponsor, loaned us 8 million pursuant
to a promissory note (the Related Party Note ). The Related Party Note provides that we may borrow up to an additional
 2.0 million from Moody Capital, for a maximum aggregate loan amount of 10 million. All amounts borrowed under the Related Party
Note plus all accrued interest thereon were due and payable in full on March 29, 2024, provided that we had the right to extend
such maturity date for up to two years at our discretion. We elected to extend such maturity date for one year to March 30, 2025. 
Interest on the Related Party Note began to accrue effective March 30, 2021. The principal amount of the loan under the Related
Party Note bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus 4.75 ; provided,
however, that such interest rate will be increased to a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus 6.75 if the Related Party Note is subordinated
to another lender. The effective interest rate for the Related Party Note was 9.92 as of September 30, 2024. The balance of the
Related Party Note was 10.0 million as of each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

From
April 2021 to August 16, 2021, Moody Capital made a series of advances to us to meet our specific cash flow needs. Effective June
30, 2021, these advances were memorialized in a promissory note (the Second Related Party Note with a total maximum
aggregate loan amount of 10 million. All amounts borrowed under the Second Related Party Note plus all accrued interest thereon
were due and payable in full on June 30, 2024, provided that we had the right to extend such maturity date for up to two years
at our discretion. We elected to extend such maturity date for one year to June 30, 2025. Interest on the Second Related
Party Note began to accrue effective June 30, 2021. The principal amount of the loan under the Second Related Party Note bears
interest at a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus 6.75 ; provided, however, that such interest rate will be increased to a rate
per annum equal to SOFR plus 8.75 if the Second Related Party Note is subordinated to another lender. The effective interest
rate for the Second Related Party Note was 11.92 as of September 30, 2024. The balance of the Second Related Party Note was 10.0
million as of each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

From
August 20, 2021, to December 31, 2021, Moody Capital made a series of advances to us to meet our specific cash flow needs. These
advances were memorialized in a promissory note (the Third Related Party Note with a total maximum aggregate loan
amount of 10 million. All amounts borrowed under the Third Related Party Note plus all accrued interest thereon will be due and
payable in full on August 20, 2024, provided that we may extend such maturity date for up to two years at our discretion. We elected
to extend such maturity date for one year to August 20, 2025. Interest on the Third Related Party Note began to accrue effective
August 20, 2021. The principal amount of the loan under the Third Related Party Note bears interest at a rate per annum equal
to SOFR plus 7.75 ; provided, however, that such interest rate will be increased to a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus 9.75 
if the Third Related Party Note is subordinated to another lender. The effective interest rate for the Third Related Party Note
was 12.92 as of September 30, 2024. The balance of the Third Related Party Note was 10.0 million as of as of each of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

From
April 13, 2022, to September 30, 2023, Moody Capital made a series of advances to us to meet our specific cash flow needs. These
advances were memorialized in a promissory note (the Fourth Related Party Note with a total maximum aggregate loan
amount of 10.0 million. All amounts borrowed under the Fourth Related Party Note plus all accrued interest thereon will be due
and payable in full on April 13, 2025, provided that we may extend such maturity date for up to two years at our discretion. Interest
on the Fourth Related Party Note began to accrue effective April 13, 2022. The principal amount of the loan under the Fourth Related
Party Note bears interest at a rate per annum equal to one-year SOFR plus 8.75 ; provided, however, that such interest rate will
be increased to a rate per annum equal to one-year SOFR plus 9.75 if the Fourth Related Party Note is subordinated to another
lender. The effective interest rate for the Fourth Related Party Note was 13.92 as of September 30, 2024. The balance of the
Fourth Related Party Note was 10.0 million as of each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

30 

From
January 1, 2024, to June 30, 2024 Moody Capital made a series of advances to us to meet our specific cash flow needs. These advances
were memorialized in a promissory note (the Fifth Related Party Note with a total maximum aggregate loan amount
of 10.0 million. All amounts borrowed under the Fifth Related Party Note plus all accrued interest thereon will be due and payable
in full on January 1, 2026, provided that we may extend such maturity date for up to two years at our discretion. Interest on
the Fifth Related Party Note began to accrue effective January 1, 2024. The principal amount of the loan under the Fifth Related
Party Note bears interest at a rate per annum equal to one-year SOFR plus 8.75 ; provided, however, that such interest rate will
be increased to a rate per annum equal to one-year SOFR plus 9.75 if the Fifth Related Party Note is subordinated to another
lender. The effective interest rate for the Fifth Related Party Note was 13.92 as of September 30, 2024. The balance of the Fifth
Related Party Note was 10.0 million as of September 30, 2024. 

Interest
will be paid for the Related Party Note, the Second Related Party Note, the Third Related Party Note, the Fourth Related Note,
and the Fifth Related Party Note as permitted by our available cash flow, or from the excess proceeds following a sale of a property
after the payment of expenses and amounts due to any senior lender, if applicable, and will be compounded semi-annually. We expect
to enter into a mutually agreeable subordination agreement with any such senior lender. We may prepay the amounts due under the
Related Party Note, the Second Related Party Note, the Third Related Party Note, the Fourth Related Note, and the Fifth Related
Party Note without any prepayment penalty. 

Economic
Injury Disaster Loans 

We
have obtained fifteen loans of 500,000 each (an aggregate of 7.5 million) from the U.S. Small Business Administration. The U.S.
Small Business Administration loans will be due in monthly installments of principal and interest beginning two years from the
dates of the loans with balances due 30 years from the dates of the loans. The monthly installments are applied to accrued interest
first, then to principal. The U.S. Small Business Administration loans bear interest at the rate of 3.75 per annum and are secured
by our tangible and intangible personal property. The aggregate balance of the U.S. Small Business Administration loans was 7.5
million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Aggregate
Indebtedness 

As
of September 30, 2024, our outstanding indebtedness totaled 276 million, which amount includes (i) the mortgage loans secured
by each of our hotel properties (including debt associated with properties acquired in the Mergers) and the loans from the U.S.
Small Business Administration in the aggregate principal amount of 226 million, and (ii) the Related Party Note, the Second Related
Party Note, the Third Related Party Note, the Fourth Related Party Note, and the Fifth Related Party Note in the aggregate principal
amount of 50 million. Our aggregate borrowings are reviewed by our board of directors at least quarterly. Under our charter,
we are prohibited from borrowing in excess of 300 of the value of our net assets. Net assets for purposes of this
calculation is defined to be our total assets (other than intangibles), valued at cost prior to deducting depreciation, reserves
for bad debts and other non-cash reserves, less total liabilities. The preceding calculation is generally expected to approximate
75 of the aggregate cost of our assets before non-cash reserves and depreciation. However, we may temporarily borrow in excess
of 300 of the value of our net assets if such excess is approved by a majority of our independent directors and disclosed to
our stockholders in our next quarterly report, along with an explanation for such excess. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, our debt levels did not exceed 300 of the value of our net assets. 

For
more information on our outstanding indebtedness, see Note 4, Debt to the consolidated financial statements included
in this Quarterly Report. 

Contractual
Commitments and Contingencies 

The
following is a summary of our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 

Payments
 Due By Period 

Contractual
 Obligations 
 
 Total 

2024 

2025-2026 

2027-2028 

Thereafter 

Long-term
 debt 
 obligations (1) 

225,994 

87,026 

117,540 

14,284 

7,144 

Interest
 payments on outstanding debt 
 obligations (2) 

18,091 

2,931 

8,790 

2,605 

3,765 

Total 

244,085 

89,957 

126,330 

16,889 

10,909 

31 

(1) Amounts
 include principal payments only. 

(2) Projected
 interest payments are based on the outstanding principal amounts and weighted-average
 interest rates at September 30, 2024. 

Organization
and Offering Costs 

Our
organization and offering expenses may be incurred directly by us or may be incurred by our advisor on our behalf. Pursuant to
the advisory agreement, we will reimburse our advisor for organizational and offering expenses associated with our public offerings
incurred by our advisor on our behalf, provided that within 60 days of the last day of the month in which any public offering
ends, our advisor is obligated to reimburse us to the extent that organization and offering costs we have incurred in connection
with such public offering exceed 15 of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock in such offering.
As of January 16, 2018, our advisor assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling commissions, dealer manager fees and
stockholder servicing fees paid in connection with our public offering. We will not reimburse our advisor for the selling commissions
and fees it paid on our behalf, however our advisor intends to recoup all or a portion of such amounts over time through receipt
of the contingent advisor payment, as discussed in Note 6, Related Party Arrangements to the consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 

As
of September 30, 2024, total organization and offering expenses for our initial public offering and follow-on offering were 21.1
million, comprised of 12.3 million of expenses incurred directly by us and 8.8 million in expenses incurred by and reimbursable
to our advisor (excluding the selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees paid on our behalf by our
advisor effective as of January 16, 2018). Total organization and offering expenses for the initial public offering were 18.4
million, comprised of 12.3 million of expenses incurred directly by us and 6.1 million in expenses incurred by and reimbursable
to our advisor (excluding the selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees paid on our behalf by our
advisor). As of September 30, 2024, total organization and offering expenses for the follow-on offering were 2.7 million, comprised
of 0 of expenses incurred directly by us and 2.7 million in expenses incurred by and reimbursable to our advisor (excluding
the selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees paid on our behalf by our advisor). As of September
30, 2024, we had 0 due to our advisor for reimbursable offering costs. 

All
offering costs, including selling commissions and dealer manager fees, are recorded as an offset to additional paid-in-capital,
and all organization costs are recorded as an expense when we have an obligation to reimburse our advisor. 

Operating
Expenses 

We
will reimburse our advisor for all expenses paid or incurred by our advisor in connection with the services it provides to us,
subject to the limitation that we will not reimburse our advisor for any amount by which our operating expenses (including the
asset management fee we pay to our advisor) at the end of the four preceding fiscal quarters exceeds the greater of: (1) 2 of
our average invested assets, or (2) 25 of our net income determined without reduction for any additions to reserves for depreciation,
bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves and excluding any gain from the sale of our assets for that period, which we refer
to as the 2 /25 Limitation. Notwithstanding the above, we may reimburse our advisor for expenses in excess of the
2 /25 Limitation if a majority of our independent directors determine that such excess expenses are justified based on unusual
and non-recurring factors. For the four fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2024, our total operating expenses were 7.0 million,
which included 5.0 million in operating expenses incurred directly by us and 2.0 million in operating expenses incurred by our
advisor on our behalf. Of that 7.0 million in total operating expenses incurred during four fiscal quarters ended September 30,
2024, 0 exceeded the 2 /25 Limitation. We reimbursed our advisor for 2.0 million in operating expenses during four fiscal quarters
ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we had 547,000 due to our advisor for operating expense reimbursements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

General 

We
consider the accounting policies described below to be critical because they involve significant judgments and assumptions, require
estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain and because they are important for understanding and evaluating our reported
financial results. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods.
If management s judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions is different,
it is possible that different accounting policies will be applied or different amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses
will be recorded, resulting in a different presentation of the consolidated financial statements or different amounts reported
in the consolidated financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability
of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. 

32 

Income
Taxes 

We
elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code commencing with the taxable year ended
December 31, 2016. We did not meet all of the qualifications to be a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code for the year ended December
31, 2015 and for the period from July 25, 2014 (inception) to December 31, 2014, including not having the requisite number of
shareholders for a sufficient number of days in those periods. Prior to qualifying to be taxed as a REIT we were subject to normal
federal and state corporation income taxes. 

Provided
that we continue to qualify as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal corporate income tax to the extent we distribute
our REIT taxable income to our stockholders, so long as we distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which is computed
without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated
in accordance with GAAP) and satisfy the other organizational and operational requirements for REIT qualification. Even if we
qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income and property, and federal income
and excise taxes on our undistributed income. 

We
lease the hotels that we acquire to a wholly owned TRS that is subject to federal, state and local income taxes. 

We
account for income taxes of our TRS using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. We record a valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets that are not expected
to be realized. 

We
have reviewed tax positions under GAAP guidance that clarify the relevant criteria and approach for the recognition and measurement
of uncertain tax positions. The guidance prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement
recognition of a tax position taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return. A tax position may only be recognized in the consolidated
financial statements if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination. We had no material
uncertain tax positions as of September 30, 2024. 

The
preparation of our various tax returns requires the use of estimates for federal and state income tax purposes. These estimates
may be subjected to review by the respective taxing authorities. A revision to an estimate may result in an assessment of additional
taxes, penalties and interest. At this time, a range in which our estimates may change is not expected to be material. We will
account for interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax provisions in the current period s results of operations, if
necessary. We have tax years 2019 through 2023 remaining subject to examination by various federal and state tax jurisdictions. 

Valuation
and Allocation of Hotel Properties Acquisitions 

Upon
acquisition, the purchase price of hotel properties are allocated to the tangible assets acquired, consisting of land, buildings
and furniture, fixtures and equipment, any assumed debt, identified intangible assets and asset retirement obligations, if any,
based on their fair values. Acquisition costs are charged to expense as incurred. Initial valuations are subject to change during
the measurement period, but the measurement period ends as soon as the information is available. The measurement period shall
not exceed one year from the acquisition date. 

Land
fair values are derived from appraisals, and building fair values are calculated as replacement cost less depreciation or our
estimates of the relative fair value of these assets using discounted cash flow analyses or similar methods. The fair value of
furniture, fixtures and equipment is based on their fair value using replacement costs less depreciation. 

We
determine the fair value of any assumed debt by calculating the net present value of the scheduled mortgage payments using interest
rates for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities that we believe we could obtain at the date of acquisition. Any difference
between the fair value and stated value of the assumed debt is recorded as a discount or premium and amortized over the remaining
life of the loan as interest expense. 

In
allocating the purchase price of each of our properties, we make assumptions and use various estimates, including, but not limited
to, the estimated useful lives of the assets, the cost of replacing certain assets and discount rates used to determine present
values. Many of these estimates are obtained from independent third-party appraisals. However, we are responsible for the source
and use of these estimates. These estimates are based on judgment and subject to being imprecise; accordingly, if different estimates
and assumptions were derived, the valuation of the various categories of our hotel properties or related intangibles could, in
turn, result in a difference in the depreciation or amortization expense recorded in our consolidated financial statements. These
variances could be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 

33 

Valuation
and Allocation of Hotel Properties Ownership 

Depreciation
expense is computed using the straight-line method based upon the following estimated useful lives: 

Estimated 
 Useful Lives 
 (years) 
 
 Buildings and improvements 
 39-40 
 
 Exterior improvements 
 10-20 
 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
 5-10 

Impairment 

We
monitor events and changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of a hotel property may not be recoverable. When
such events or changes in circumstances are present, we assess potential impairment by comparing estimated future undiscounted
cash flows expected to be generated over the life of the asset from operating activities and from its eventual disposition, to
the carrying amount of the asset. In the event that the carrying amount exceeds the estimated future undiscounted cash flows,
we recognize an impairment loss to adjust the carrying amount of the asset to estimated fair value for assets held for use and
fair value less costs to sell for assets held for sale. Losses on impairment of hotel properties were 18.0 million and 0 for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 39.8 million and 0 for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

In
evaluating a hotel property for impairment, we make several estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the projected
date of disposition of the property, the estimated future cash flows of the property during our ownership and the projected sales
price of the property. A change in these estimates and assumptions could result in a change in the estimated undiscounted cash
flows or fair value of our hotel properties which could then result in different conclusions regarding impairment and material
changes to our consolidated financial statements. For loss on impairment of our hotel properties, see Note 3, Investment
in Hotel Properties. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards 

In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09 Income Taxes (Topics 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures which
requires entities to expand disclosures regarding the reconciliation of income tax rate and the amount of income taxes paid, net
of refunds received, disaggregated by federal, state and foreign jurisdiction. 

Other
recently issued accounting standards or pronouncements not disclosed in the foregoing paragraph have been excluded because they
are either not relevant to us, or not expected to have, or did not have, a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

Inflation 

As
of September 30, 2024, our investments consisted of ownership interests in fifteen hotel properties. Operators of hotels, in general,
possess the ability to adjust room rates daily to reflect the effects of inflation. Competitive pressures may, however, limit
the operators ability to raise room rates. As of September 30, 2024, we were not experiencing any material impact from
inflation. 

REIT
Compliance 

We
elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2016. To qualify as a REIT for tax purposes,
we are required to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (determined for this purpose without regard to the dividends-paid
deduction and excluding net capital gain) to our stockholders. We must also meet certain asset and income tests, as well as other
requirements. We will monitor the business and transactions that may potentially impact our REIT status. If we fail to qualify
as a REIT in any taxable year following the taxable year in which we initially elect to be taxed as a REIT, we will be subject
to federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and
generally will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for the four taxable years
following the year during which our REIT qualification is lost unless the Internal Revenue Service grants us relief under certain
statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to
our stockholders. We did not meet all of the qualifications to be a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code for the year ended December
31, 2015 and the period from July 25, 2014 (inception) to December 31, 2014. 

34 

Distributions 

On
March 24, 2020, our board unanimously approved the indefinite suspension of the payment of distributions to our stockholders,
effective immediately, and the operations of the DRP, effective as of April 6, 2020. Our board of directors, in consultation with
management, will continue to monitor our operations and intends to resume distributions at a time and level determined to be prudent
in relation to our other cash requirements or in order to maintain our REIT status for federal income tax purposes. However, it
is impossible to predict if or when we will be able to resume the payment of distributions. 

Funds
from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations 

One
of our objectives is to provide cash distributions to our stockholders from cash generated by operations. Cash generated from
operations is not equivalent to net income as determined under GAAP. Due to certain unique operating characteristics of real estate
companies, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, an industry trade group, has promulgated a standard
known as Funds from Operations, or FFO, which it believes more accurately reflects the operating performance of a REIT. As defined
by NAREIT, FFO means net income computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, plus depreciation
and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures in which the REIT holds an interest.
We have adopted the NAREIT definition for computing FFO because, in our view, FFO is a meaningful supplemental performance measure
in conjunction with net income. 

Changes
in the accounting and reporting rules under GAAP that have been put into effect since the establishment of NAREIT s definition
of FFO have prompted a significant increase in the magnitude of non-cash and non-operating items included in FFO, as defined.
As a result, in addition to FFO, we also calculate modified funds from operations, or MFFO, a non-GAAP supplemental financial
performance measure that our management uses in evaluating our operating performance. Similar to FFO, MFFO excludes items such
as depreciation and amortization. However, MFFO excludes non-cash and non-operating items included in FFO, such as amortization
of certain in-place lease intangible assets and liabilities and the amortization of certain tenant incentives. Our calculation
of MFFO will exclude these items, as well as the effects of straight-line rent revenue recognition, fair value adjustments to
derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, non-cash impairment charges and certain other items,
when applicable. Our calculation of MFFO will also include, when applicable, items such as master lease rental receipts, which
are excluded from net income (loss) and FFO, but which we consider in the evaluation of the operating performance of our real
estate investments. 

We
believe that MFFO reflects the overall impact on the performance of our real estate investments of occupancy rates, rental rates,
property operating costs and development activities, as well as general and administrative expenses and interest costs, which
is not immediately apparent from net income (loss). As such, we believe MFFO, in addition to net income (loss) as defined by GAAP,
is a meaningful supplemental performance measure which is used by our management to evaluate our operating performance and determine
our operating, financing and dividend policies. 

Please
see the limitations listed below associated with the use of MFFO as compared to net income (loss): 

Our
 calculation of MFFO will exclude any gains (losses) related to changes in estimated values
 of derivative instruments related to any interest rate swaps which we hold. Although
 we expect to hold these instruments to maturity, if we were to settle these instruments
 prior to maturity, it would have an impact on our operations. We do not currently hold
 any such derivate instruments and thus our calculation of MFFO set forth in the table
 below does not reflect any such exclusion. 

Our
 calculation of MFFO will exclude any impairment charges related to long-lived assets
 that have been written down to current market valuations. Although these losses will
 be included in the calculation of net income (loss), we will exclude them from MFFO because
 we believe doing so will more appropriately present the operating performance of our
 real estate investments on a comparative basis. We have not recognized any such impairment
 charges and thus our calculation of MFFO set forth in the table below does not reflect
 any such exclusion. 

Our
 calculation of MFFO will exclude organizational and offering expenses and acquisition
 expenses. Although organizational and acquisition expenses reduce net income, we fund
 such costs with proceeds from our offering and acquisition-related indebtedness, and
 do not consider these expenses in the evaluation of our operating performance and determining
 MFFO. Offering expenses do not affect net income. Our calculation of MFFO set forth in
 the table below reflects the exclusion of acquisition expenses. 

We
believe MFFO is useful to investors in evaluating how our portfolio might perform after our offering and acquisition stage has
been completed and, as a result, may provide an indication of the sustainability of our distributions in the future. However,
as described in greater detail below, MFFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or as an indication
of our liquidity. Many of the adjustments to MFFO are similar to adjustments required by SEC rules for the presentation of pro
forma business combination disclosures, particularly acquisition expenses, gains or losses recognized in business combinations
and other activity not representative of future activities. MFFO is also more comparable in evaluating our performance over time
and as compared to other real estate companies, which may not be as involved in acquisition activities or as affected by impairments
and other non-operating charges. 

35 

MFFO
is useful in assisting management and investors in assessing the sustainability of operating performance in future operating periods,
and in particular, after the offering and acquisition stages are complete and net asset value is disclosed. However, MFFO is not
a useful measure in evaluating net asset value because impairments are taken into account in determining net asset value but not
in determining MFFO. Investors are cautioned that, due to the fact that impairments are based on estimated future undiscounted
cash flows and, given the relatively limited term of our operations, it could be difficult to recover any impairment charges. 

The
calculation of FFO and MFFO may vary from entity to entity because capitalization and expense policies tend to vary from entity
to entity. Consequently, our presentation of FFO and MFFO may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures presented by
other REITs. In addition, FFO and MFFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or to cash flows from operating
activities and are not intended to be used as a liquidity measure indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs. In
particular, as we are currently in the acquisition phase of our life cycle, acquisition costs and other adjustments which are
increases to MFFO are, and may continue to be, a significant use of cash. MFFO also excludes impairment charges, rental revenue
adjustments and unrealized gains and losses related to certain other fair value adjustments. Accordingly, both FFO and MFFO should
be reviewed in connection with other GAAP measurements. 

The
table below summarizes our calculation of FFO and MFFO for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and a reconciliation
of such non-GAAP financial performance measures to our net loss (in thousands). 

Three months ended September 30, 
 Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Net loss 
 (24,087 
 (3,866 
 (56,797 
 (13,804 
 
 Adjustments: 

Depreciation and amortization of real estate 
 3,986 
 3,994 
 12,044 
 11,932 
 
 Loss on impairment of hotel properties 
 18,000 
 
 39,833 

Funds from Operations 
 (2,101 
 128 
 (4,920 
 (1,872 
 
 Adjustments: 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 138 
 158 
 424 
 474 
 
 Modified Funds from Operations 
 (1,963 
 286 
 (4,496 
 (1,398 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have
a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Related
Party Transactions and Agreements 

We
have entered into agreements with our advisor and its affiliates whereby we have paid, and may continue to pay, certain fees to,
or reimburse certain expenses of, our advisor or its affiliates in connection with the services our advisor and its affiliates
provide to us. See Note 6, Related Party Arrangements, to the consolidated financial statements included in this
Quarterly Report for a discussion of our related-party transactions, agreements and fees. 

Subsequent
Events 

In
preparing the consolidated financial statements, we evaluated all subsequent events and transactions for potential recognition
or disclosure through November 14, 2024, the date the consolidated financial statements were available for issuance. 

Residence
Inn Houston Medical Center 

The
current lender for the mortgage loans on the Residence Inn Houston Medical Center property, which matured on October 1, 2024,
has agreed to temporarily forbear on any of its remedies while we finalize the terms of a new replacement loan. 

36 

Hampton
Inn Austin 

The
mortgage loan on the Hampton Inn Austin property was refinanced on November 6, 2024 on terms acceptable to us. 

Marriott
Courtyard Lyndhurst 

On
November 7, 2024, we entered into an agreement to sell the Marriott Courtyard Lyndhurst to an unaffiliated purchaser for 21.3
million, excluding closing costs. The closing of the sale is scheduled for
early 2025, however the sale is subject to the satisfaction or waiver, as applicable, of customary closing conditions and there
is no guarantee that the sale of the Marriott Courtyard Lyndhurst will
be consummated on the terms described herein, or at all. 

ITEM
 3. QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Market
Risk 

Market
risk is the adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. We may be exposed
to interest rate changes primarily as a result of long-term debt used to maintain liquidity, fund capital expenditures and expand
our real estate investment portfolio and operations. Market fluctuations in real estate financing may affect the availability
and cost of funds needed to expand our investment portfolio. In addition, restrictions upon the availability of real estate financing
or high interest rates for real estate loans could adversely affect our ability to dispose of real estate in the future. We will
seek to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. We may
use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our assets. The market
risk associated with interest-rate contracts is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree
of market risk that may be undertaken. 

With
regard to variable rate financing, our advisor will assess our interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring
changes in interest rate exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities.
Our advisor maintains risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both our outstanding
and forecasted debt obligations as well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. While this hedging strategy will be designed
to minimize the impact on our net income and funds from operations from changes in interest rates, the overall returns on an investment
in our company may be reduced. 

As
of September 30, 2024, our indebtedness, as described below, was comprised of notes secured by our hotel properties. All such
notes accrue interest at a fixed rate, except for the Hampton Inn Houston note and the Hyatt Place North Charleston note, which
accrues interest at a floating rate, and, therefore, an increase or decrease in interest rates would not have a material effect
on our interest expense with respect to such notes. Interest rate changes will affect the fair value of any fixed rate instruments
that we hold. As we expect to hold our fixed rate instruments to maturity and the amounts due under such instruments would be
limited to the outstanding principal balance and any accrued and unpaid interest, we do not expect that fluctuations in interest
rates, and the resulting change in fair value of our fixed rate instruments, would have a significant impact on our operations. 

As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our mortgage notes payable secured by the respective assets, consisted of the following amounts in thousands): 

Loan 
 Principal as of September 30, 2024 
 Principal as of December 31, 2023 
 Interest Rate at September 30, 2024 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Residence Inn Austin 
 14,924 
 15,160 
 4.580 
 November 1, 2025 
 
 Springhill Suites Seattle 
 40,291 
 40,954 
 4.380 
 October 1, 2026 
 
 Homewood Suites Woodlands 
 8,098 
 8,239 
 4.690 
 April 11, 2025 
 
 Hyatt Place Germantown 
 5,732 
 5,834 
 7.250 
 June 29, 2028 
 
 Hyatt Place North Charleston 
 5,387 
 5,456 
 9.500 
 November 29, 2028 
 
 Hampton Inn Austin (1) 
 9,414 
 9,602 
 10.426 
 January 6, 2024 
 
 Residence Inn Grapevine (1) 
 10,983 
 11,080 
 10.250 
 April 6, 2024 
 
 Marriott Courtyard Lyndhurst(1) 
 17,179 
 17,531 
 4.700 
 September 27, 2024 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn Austin 
 16,343 
 16,641 
 4.530 
 December 11, 2024 
 
 Hampton Inn Great Valley 
 7,145 
 7,269 
 4.700 
 April 11, 2025 
 
 Embassy Suites Nashville 
 37,239 
 37,924 
 4.2123 
 July 11, 2025 
 
 Homewood Suites Austin 
 9,644 
 9,809 
 4.650 
 August 11, 2025 
 
 Townplace Suites Fort Worth (1) 
 5,387 
 5,499 
 4.700 
 September 27, 2024 
 
 Hampton Inn Houston 
 3,808 
 3,915 
 10.000 
 April 28, 2028 
 
 Residence Inn Houston Medical Center 
 26,920 
 27,431 
 5.000 
 October 1, 2024 
 
 U.S. Small Business Administration Economic Injury Disaster Loans 
 7,500 
 7,500 
 3.750 
 November 2051 
 
 Total notes payable 
 225,994 
 229,844 

Less unamortized debt issuance costs 
 (530 
 (839 

Total notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 
 225,464 
 229,005 

37 

(1)
 The current lenders for the mortgage loans on the Hampton Inn Austin property, which
matured on January 6, 2024, the Residence Inn Grapevine property, which matured on April 6, 2024, and the Marriott Courtyard Lyndhurst
and Townplace Suites Fort Worth properties, each which matured September 27, 2024, have agreed to temporarily forbear on any of
their remedies while we finalize the terms of new replacement loans with new lenders. 

Monthly
payments of principal and interest are due and payable until the maturity date, except that monthly installments of principal
and interest begin two years from the dates of the U.S. Small Business Administration Economic Injury Disaster Loans. 

Each
of our hotel properties are subject to a mortgage loan bearing interest at a fixed rate secured by our ownership interest in the
property, except for Hyatt Place North Charleston and the Hampton Inn Houston mortgage loans which bear interest at floating rates. 

Credit
Risk 

We
will also be exposed to credit risk. Credit risk in our investments in debt and securities relates to each individual borrower s
ability to make required interest and principal payments on scheduled due dates. We seek to manage credit risk through our advisor s
comprehensive credit analysis prior to making an investment, actively monitoring our asset portfolio and the underlying credit
quality of our holdings and subordination and diversification of our portfolio. Our analysis is based on a broad range of real
estate, financial, economic and borrower-related factors which we believe are critical to the evaluation of credit risk inherent
in a transaction. 

ITEM
 4. CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

As
of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act). Based upon, and as of the
date of, the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is
defined in Rule 13a-5(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. In connection with the preparation of this Quarterly
Report, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. In
making that assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework . Based on its assessment, our management believes that as of
September 30, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

38 

PART
II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM
 1. LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS. 

From
time to time, we may be party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Management is not aware
of any legal proceedings of which the outcome is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
or financial condition, nor are we aware of any such legal proceedings contemplated by government agencies. 

ITEM
 1A. RISK
 FACTORS. 

Except
as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A Risk
Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on April 11, 2024. 

The
following disclosure modifies and replaces in its entirety the risk factor under the caption Instability in the debt
markets and our inability to find financing on attractive terms may make it more difficult for us to finance or refinance properties,
which could reduce the number of properties we can acquire and the amount of cash distributions we can make to our stockholders . 

Our
inability to find financing on attractive terms may make it more difficult for us to finance or refinance properties. We may be
forced to sell properties in the event that we cannot refinance the loans secured by the properties or do not otherwise have funds
available to pay off the loans upon maturity . 

If
mortgage debt is unavailable on reasonable terms as a result of increased interest rates, underwriting standards, capital market
instability or other factors, we may not be able to finance the initial purchase of properties. In addition, if we place mortgage
debt on properties, we run the risk of being unable to refinance such debt on favorable terms when the loans come due. If interest
rates are higher when we refinance debt, our income could be reduced. We may be unable to refinance debt at appropriate times,
which may require us to sell properties on terms that are not advantageous to us, or could result in the foreclosure of such properties.
If any of these events occur, our cash flow would be reduced. 

We
have placed certain of our properties on the market for sale due to uncertainty regarding our ability to refinance the mortgage
loans secured by such properties, all of which will mature (or have already matured) in 2024. Such properties may be sold individually
or as one or more multi-property portfolios. There can be no guarantee that we will dispose of any of such properties or when
any such dispositions will occur. Due to the approaching maturity of the loans secured by such properties, we may be forced to
dispose of such properties on terms that are less advantageous to us than we would otherwise prefer, including for sales prices
lower than the purchase price we paid for such properties. If we are unable to dispose of such properties prior to the maturity
date of the loans secured by such properties, successfully refinance such loans or negotiate maturity date extensions or other
accommodations for such loans, the lenders may initiate foreclosure proceedings or exercise other remedies available to them under
the loan documents. The exercise of any such remedies by a lender will have an adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations and will adversely impact the value of an investment in our shares. 

The
following disclosure modifies and replaces in its entirety the risk factor under the caption Non-U.S.
investors may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the sale of shares of our common stock if we are unable to qualify as a
domestically controlled REIT and generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on capital gain dividends 
contained in our Annual Report: 

Non-U.S.
stockholders may be required to file U.S. federal income tax returns and pay U.S. federal income tax upon their receipt of certain
distributions from us or upon their disposition of shares of our common stock. 

In
addition to any potential withholding tax on ordinary dividends, a non-U.S. holder, other than a qualified shareholder 
or a qualified foreign pension fund, as each is defined in Section 897 of the Code, that disposes of a U.S.
real property interest USRPI (which includes shares of stock of a U.S. corporation whose assets consist
principally of USRPIs), or that receives a distribution from a REIT that is attributable to gains from such a disposition, is
generally subject to U.S. federal income tax under the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980, as amended FIRPTA ),
on the amount received from (or, in the case of a distribution, to the extent attributable to gains from) such disposition. Subject
to certain exceptions, FIRPTA gains must be reported on U.S. federal income tax returns and are taxable at regular U.S. federal
income tax rates. Such tax does not apply, however, to gain on the disposition of stock in a REIT that is domestically
controlled. Generally, a REIT is domestically controlled if less than 50 of its stock, by value, has been owned directly
or indirectly by non-U.S. persons during a continuous five-year period ending on the date of disposition or, if shorter, during
the entire time period of the REIT s existence. We cannot assure you that we will qualify as a domestically controlled REIT.
If we were to fail to so qualify, amounts received by a non-U.S. holder on certain dispositions of shares of our common stock
(including repurchases) would be subject to tax under FIRPTA, unless (1) our shares of common stock were regularly traded on an
established securities market and (2) the non-U.S. holder did not, at any time during a specified testing period, hold more than
10 of our common stock. We do not expect our shares to be regularly traded on an established securities market. Final Treasury
regulations that are effective as of April 25, 2024 (the Final Regulations ), modify prior tax guidance relating
to the manner in which we determine whether we are a domestically controlled REIT. The Final Regulations provide a look-through
rule for our stockholders that are non-publicly traded partnerships, non-public REITs, non-public regulated investment companies,
or non-public domestic C corporations owned more than 50 directly or indirectly by foreign persons foreign-controlled
domestic corporations and treat qualified foreign pension funds as foreign persons. The look-through
rule in the Final Regulations applicable to foreign-controlled domestic corporations will not apply to a REIT for a period of
up to ten years if it is able to satisfy certain requirements, including not undergoing a significant change in its ownership
and not acquiring a significant amount of new USRPIs, in each case since April 24, 2024, the date the Final Regulations were issued.
If a REIT fails to satisfy such requirements during the ten-year period, then the look-through rule in the Final Regulations applicable
to foreign-controlled domestic corporations will apply to such REIT beginning on the day immediately following the date of such
failure. While we cannot predict when we will commence being subject to such look-through rule in the Final Regulations,
we may not be able to satisfy the applicable requirements for the duration of the ten-year period. Prospective investors
are urged to consult with their tax advisors regarding the application and impact of these rules. 

39 

Even
if we are domestically controlled, a non-U.S. holder, other than a qualified shareholder or a qualified foreign
pension fund, that receives a distribution from us that is attributable to gains from the disposition of a USRPI as described
above, including in connection with a repurchase of our common stock, is generally subject to U.S. federal income tax under FIRPTA
to the extent such distribution is attributable to gains from such disposition, regardless of whether the difference between the
fair market value and the tax basis of the USRPI giving rise to such gains is attributable to periods prior to or during such
non-U.S. holder s ownership of our common stock, unless the relevant class of stock is regularly traded on an established
securities market in the United States and such non-U.S. holder did not own more than 10 of such class at any time during the
one-year period ending on the date of such distribution. In addition, a repurchase of our common stock, to the extent not treated
as a sale or exchange, may be subject to withholding as an ordinary dividend. 

ITEM
 2. UNREGISTERED
 SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

We
did not issue any shares of our common stock or other securities that were not registered under the Securities Act during the
quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Share
Repurchase Program 

In
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, our board of directors indefinitely suspended our share repurchase program effective as of
April 6, 2020. There is no way to predict when, if at all, our board of directors will determine to resume the repurchase of shares
of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program. 

If
our board of directors elects to resume the repurchase of shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program,
it may provide our stockholders with a limited opportunity to have their shares of our common stock repurchased by us. If reinstated,
our share repurchase program will contain certain restrictions and limitations, including those relating to the number of shares
of our common stock that we can repurchase at any given time. In addition, our board of directors will reserve the right to amend,
suspend or terminate our share repurchase program at any time upon 10 days prior written notice to our stockholders. 

During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock pursuant to our share
repurchase program. 

ITEM
 3. DEFAULTS
 UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 

None. 

ITEM
 4. MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 5. OTHER
 INFORMATION. 

Not
applicable. 

40 

ITEM
 6. EXHIBITS. 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

3.1 
 Articles
 of Amendment and Restatement of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment
 No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement (File No. 333-198305) filed January 12, 2015) 

3.2 
 Articles
 of Amendment to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2017) 

3.3 
 Articles
 Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2017) 

3.4 
 Bylaws
 of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on
 Form S-11 (File No. 333-198305) filed on August 22, 2014) 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document 

101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 

101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 

Filed herewith 

41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Brett
 C. Moody 

Brett C. Moody 

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer
 and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert
 W. Engel 

Robert W. Engel 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Moody National REIT II, Inc. 10-Q 

 EXHIBIT
31.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Brett C. Moody, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Moody National REIT II, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
 or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
 period covered by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
 this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Brett C. Moody 

Brett C. Moody 

Chairman of the
 Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Moody National REIT II, Inc. 10-Q 

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Robert W. Engel, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Moody National REIT II, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
 or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
 period covered by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
 this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Robert W. Engel 

Robert W. Engel 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Moody National REIT II, Inc. 10-Q 

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Moody National
REIT II, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certifies,
to his knowledge, that: 

(1) The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Brett C. Moody 

Brett C. Moody 

Chairman of the
 Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Moody National REIT II, Inc. 10-Q 

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Moody National
REIT II, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certifies,
to his knowledge, that: 

(1) The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Robert W. Engel 

Robert W. Engel 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mnrtii-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mnrtii-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mnrtii-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mnrtii-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

