<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-Q_edgar_data_1720635_0001720635-24-000059.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9167474</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106126</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1623382</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3466162</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1975247</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1812288</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001720635-24-000059.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101164055
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001720635-24-000059
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			nVent Electric plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001720635
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIAL INDUSTRY MACHINERY (NO METALWORKING MACHINERY) [3550]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				981391970
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			L2
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38265
		FILM NUMBER:		241419614

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THE MILLE
		STREET 2:		1000  GREAT WEST ROAD, 8TH FLOOR (EAST)
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			TW8 9DW
		BUSINESS PHONE:		763-204-7700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O NVENT MANAGEMENT COMPANY
		STREET 2:		1665 UTICA AVE., SUITE 700
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS PARK
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55416

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001720635-24-000059.txt : 20241101

10-Q
 1
 nvt-20240930.htm
 10-Q

nvt-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission file number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: - - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 On September 30, 2024, shares of the registrant's common stock were outstanding. 

nVent Electric plc 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 36 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 37 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 38 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 
 38 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 39 
 Signatures 
 40 

2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 nVent Electric plc 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) Three months ended Nine months ended In millions, except per share data September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative Research and development Operating income Net interest expense Gain on sale of investment ) Other expense 
 Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income Comprehensive income, net of tax Net income Changes in cumulative translation adjustment ) ) ) Changes in market value of derivative financial instruments, net of tax 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income Earnings per ordinary share Basic Continuing operations Discontinued operations Basic earnings per ordinary share Diluted Continuing operations Discontinued operations Diluted earnings per ordinary share Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding Basic Diluted Cash dividends paid per ordinary share 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

nVent Electric plc 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 In millions, except per share data Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts and notes receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Inventories Other current assets Current assets held for sale Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets Goodwill Intangibles, net Other non-current assets Non-current assets held for sale Total other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt and short-term borrowings Accounts payable Employee compensation and benefits Other current liabilities Current liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Other liabilities Long-term debt Pension and other post-retirement compensation and benefits Deferred tax liabilities Other non-current liabilities Non-current liabilities held for sale Total liabilities Equity Ordinary shares par value, million authorized, million and million issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

nVent Electric plc 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) Nine months ended In millions September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Operating activities Net income Less: Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile net income from continuing operations to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities of continuing operations Depreciation Amortization Deferred income taxes ) Share-based compensation Gain on sale of investment ) Amortization of bridge financing debt issuance costs Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of business acquisitions Accounts and notes receivable ) ) Inventories Other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Employee compensation and benefits ) Other current liabilities ) Other non-current assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities of continuing operations Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities of discontinued operations Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities Investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Proceeds from sale of investment Settlement of net investment hedge Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities of continuing operations ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities of discontinued operations ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Settlement of cash flow hedge Debt issuance costs ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Shares issued to employees, net of shares withheld ) Repurchases of ordinary shares ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents within assets held for sale, beginning of period Less: Cash and cash equivalents within assets held for sale, end of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

nVent Electric plc 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 
 In millions Ordinary shares Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total Number Amount December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Exercise of options, net of shares tendered for payment Issuance of restricted shares, net of cancellations Shares surrendered by employees to pay taxes ) ) ) Share-based compensation March 31, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Exercise of options, net of shares tendered for payment Shares surrendered by employees to pay taxes ) ) Share-based compensation June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Dividends declared ) ) Share repurchases ) ) ) Exercise of options, net of shares tendered for payment Shares surrendered by employees to pay taxes ) ) Share-based compensation September 30, 2024 ) 
 6 

In millions Ordinary shares Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total Number Amount December 31, 2022 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Dividends declared ) ) Share repurchases ) ) ) Exercise of options, net of shares tendered for payment Issuance of restricted shares, net of cancellations Shares surrendered by employees to pay taxes ) ) ) Share-based compensation March 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Exercise of options, net of shares tendered for payment Shares surrendered by employees to pay taxes ) ) Share-based compensation June 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Exercise of options, net of shares tendered for payment Shares surrendered by employees to pay taxes ) ) Share-based compensation September 30, 2023 ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

1. 
 reporting segments: Enclosures and Electrical Fastening Solutions. 
 The Company was incorporated in Ireland on May 30, 2017. Although our jurisdiction of organization is Ireland, we manage our affairs so that we are centrally managed and controlled in the United Kingdom (the "U.K.") and have tax residency in the U.K. 
 Basis of presentation 
 The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of nVent have been prepared following the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") for interim reporting. As permitted under those rules, certain footnotes or other financial information that are normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") can be condensed or omitted. 
 We are responsible for the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this document. The financial statements include all normal recurring adjustments that are considered necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position and operating results. As these are condensed financial statements, one should also read our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Revenues, expenses, cash flows, assets and liabilities can and do vary during each quarter of the year. Therefore, the results and trends in these interim financial statements may not be indicative of those for a full year. We may experience changes in customer demand or constrained supply that could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and overall financial performance in future periods. 
 On July 31, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our Thermal Management business to BCP Acquisitions LLC, an affiliate of funds managed by Brookfield Asset Management, for a purchase price of billion in cash, subject to certain customary purchase price adjustments. As a result of the agreement, the Thermal Management business met the criteria set forth in Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 205-20 to be presented as a discontinued operation and the related assets and liabilities have been reclassified as held for sale for all periods presented. The Thermal Management business was previously disclosed as a stand-alone reporting segment. The Thermal Management business' results of operations and the related cash flows have been reclassified to Income from discontinued operations, net of tax in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and cash flows from discontinued operations in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, respectively, for all periods presented. For additional information regarding this transaction and its effect on our financial reporting, see Note 6 below. 
 8 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 2. 
 EMEA (2) 
 Asia-Pacific Rest of World (3) 
 Total Nine months ended September 30, 2024 In millions Enclosures Electrical Fastening Solutions Total North America (1) 
 EMEA (2) 
 Asia-Pacific Rest of World (3) 
 Total 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 In millions Enclosures Electrical Fastening Solutions Total North America (1) 
 EMEA (2) 
 Asia-Pacific Rest of World (3) 
 Total Nine months ended September 30, 2023 In millions Enclosures Electrical Fastening Solutions Total North America (1) 
 EMEA (2) 
 Asia-Pacific Rest of World (3) 
 Total (1) North America includes U.S., Canada and Mexico. 
 (2) EMEA includes Europe, Middle East, India and Africa. 
 (3) Rest of World includes Latin America and South America. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2023, based on benchmarking of industry peers and for purposes of how we assess performance, we updated the disaggregation categories on which we report revenue by geography. For comparability, we have recategorized revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to conform to the new presentation. This recategorization of revenue by geography had no impact on our consolidated financial results. 
 9 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 Commercial Residential Infrastructure Energy Total Nine months ended September 30, 2024 In millions Enclosures Electrical Fastening Solutions Total Industrial Commercial Residential Infrastructure Energy Total 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 In millions Enclosures Electrical Fastening Solutions Total Industrial Commercial Residential Infrastructure Energy Total Nine months ended September 30, 2023 In millions Enclosures Electrical Fastening Solutions Total Industrial Commercial Residential Infrastructure Energy Total 
 10 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 Contract liabilities Net contract assets 
 The million increase in net contract assets from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 wa s primarily the result of the acquisition of Trachte, LLC and the timing of milestone invoicing. The majority of our contract liabilities at December 31, 2023 were recognized in revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were material impairment losses recognized on our contract assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Remaining performance obligations 
 We have elected the practical expedient to disclose only the value of remaining performance obligations for contracts with an original expected length of one year or more. On September 30, 2024, we had million of remaining performance obligations on contracts with an original expected duration of one year or more. We expect to recognize the majority of our remaining performance obligations on these contracts within the next twelve to . 
 
 3. 
 Other Total restructuring costs 
 Other restructuring costs primarily consist of asset impairment and various contract termination costs. 
 Electrical Fastening Solutions Enterprise and other Total 
 11 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 Costs incurred Cash payments and other ) ) Ending balance 
 
 4. 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding Basic Dilutive impact of stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units Diluted Earnings per ordinary share Basic Continuing operations Discontinued operations Basic earnings per ordinary share Diluted Continuing operations Discontinued operations Diluted earnings per ordinary share Anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share 
 
 5. 
 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. Trachte is a leading manufacturer of custom-engineered control building solutions designed to protect critical infrastructure assets. The purchase price was funded primarily through borrowings under the 2024 Term Loan Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility (as described in Note 10 below). 
 The purchase price has been preliminarily allocated based on the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the Trachte acquisition. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to further refinement and may require significant adjustments to arrive at the final purchase price allocation. These changes will primarily relate to trade names and 
 12 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 Accounts receivable Inventories Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Identifiable intangible assets Goodwill Other assets Current liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Purchase price 
 The excess purchase price over tangible net assets and identified intangible assets acquired has been allocated to goodwill in the amount of million, substantially none of which is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Goodwill recognized from the Trachte acquisition reflects the future economic benefit resulting from synergies of our combined operations. 
 Preliminary identifiable intangible assets acquired include million of indefinite-lived trade names, million of definite-lived customer relationships with an estimated useful life of years, million of definite-lived proprietary technology with an estimated useful life of years and million of customer backlog with an estimated useful life of years. The fair values of trade names and proprietary technology acquired in the acquisition were determined using a relief-from-royalty method, and the fair values of customer relationships and customer backlog acquired were determined using a multi-period excess earnings method. These methods utilize unobservable inputs that are significant to these fair value measurements and thus classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 ECM Industries Acquisition 
 On May 18, 2023, as part of our Electrical Fastening Solutions reporting segment, we completed the acquisition of ECM Investors, LLC, the parent of ECM Industries, LLC ("ECM Industries"), for approximately billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. ECM Industries is a leading provider of high-value electrical connectors, tools and test instruments and cable management. The purchase price was funded through borrowings under the 2033 Notes and 2023 Term Loan Facility (as described in Note 10 below). 
 The purchase price has been allocated based on the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the ECM Industries acquisition. 
 13 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 Accounts receivable Inventories Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Identifiable intangible assets Goodwill Other assets Current liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Purchase price 
 The excess purchase price over tangible net assets and identified intangible assets acquired has been allocated to goodwill in the amount of million, substantially all of which is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Goodwill recognized from the ECM Industries acquisition reflects the future economic benefit resulting from synergies of our combined operations. 
 Identifiable intangible assets acquired included million of trade name intangible assets, a majority of which are indefinite-lived, million of definite-lived customer relationships with an estimated useful life of years, and million of definite-lived proprietary technology intangible assets with an estimated useful life of years. The fair values of trade names and proprietary technology acquired in the acquisition were determined using a relief-from-royalty method, and customer relationships acquired were determined using a multi-period excess earnings method. These methods utilize unobservable inputs that are significant to these fair value measurements and thus classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Net income from continuing operations Net income Earnings per ordinary share Basic Continuing operations Basic earnings per ordinary share Diluted Continuing operations Diluted earnings per ordinary share 
 The unaudited pro forma net income includes adjustments for the amortization of acquired intangible assets, depreciation for the fair value adjustment to acquisition-date fixed assets and interest expense on debt issued to finance the acquisition, as well as the related income tax impact. 
 14 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 million and million, respectively, of transaction-related charges and acquisition-related bridge financing costs. The unaudited pro forma net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 excludes the impact of million and million, respectively, of transaction-related charges, acquisition-related bridge financing costs and non-recurring expense related to the fair value inventory step-up. 
 The pro forma condensed consolidated financial information has been prepared for comparative purposes only and includes certain adjustments, as noted above. The adjustments are estimates based on currently available information and actual amounts may differ materially from these estimates. They do not reflect the effect of costs or synergies that would have been expected to result from the integration of the Trachte and ECM Industries acquisitions. The pro forma information does not purport to be indicative of the results of operations that actually would have resulted had the Trachte and ECM Industries acquisitions occurred on January 1, 2023 and January 1, 2022, respectively. 
 Other acquisitions 
 On July 10, 2023, we acquired TEXA Industries for approximately million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. TEXA Industries is an Italian manufacturer of industrial cooling applications that we will market as part of the nVent HOFFMAN product line within our Enclosures reporting segment. We acquired million of debt with the TEXA Industries acquisition, which we repaid in full in the third quarter of 2023. 
 The excess purchase price over tangible net assets and identified intangible assets acquired has been allocated to goodwill in the amount of million, none of which is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Identifiable intangible assets acquired included million of definite-lived customer relationships with an estimated useful life of years. 
 The pro forma impact of the TEXA Industries acquisition is not material. 
 
 6. 
 billion in cash, subject to certain customary purchase price adjustments. We expect the transaction to close by early 2025, subject to customary conditions, including regulatory approvals. 
 The results of the Thermal Management business are reported as a discontinued operation in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for all periods presented. The assets and liabilities of this business have been reclassified as held for sale in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for all periods presented. The Thermal Management business was previously disclosed as a stand-alone reporting segment. Transaction costs of million and million related to the sale of Thermal Management business were incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and were recorded within Selling, general and administrative expenses in the operating results of discontinued operations presented below. 
 Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative Research and development Operating income Other expense ) ) Income from discontinued operations before income taxes Provision for income taxes Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 15 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 Accounts receivable, net of allowances Inventories Other current assets Current assets held for sale Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangibles, net Other non-current assets Non-current assets held for sale Accounts payable Employee compensation and benefits Other current liabilities Current liabilities held for sale Pension and other post-retirement compensation and benefits Deferred tax liabilities Other non-current liabilities Non-current liabilities held for sale 
 16 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 7. 
 Electrical Fastening Solutions Total goodwill 
 ) ) Proprietary technology and patents ) ) Other finite-lived intangible assets ) ) Total definite-life intangibles ) ) Indefinite-life intangibles Trade names Total intangibles ) ) 
 Identifiable intangible asset amortization expense was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 17 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 8. Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventories Other current assets Contract assets Prepaid expenses Prepaid income taxes Other current assets Total other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Land and land improvements Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization Total property, plant and equipment, net Other non-current assets Deferred compensation plan assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred tax assets Other non-current assets Total other non-current assets Other current liabilities Dividends payable Accrued rebates Contract liabilities Accrued taxes payable Current operating lease liabilities Accrued interest Other current liabilities Total other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities Income taxes payable Deferred compensation plan liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total other non-current liabilities 
 18 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 9. 
 million and million, respectively. The impact of these contracts on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income was not material for any period presented. 
 Cross currency swaps 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had outstanding cross currency swap agreements with a combined notional amount of million and million, respectively. The agreements are accounted for as either cash flow hedges or fair value hedges, to hedge foreign currency fluctuations on certain intercompany debt, or as net investment hedges, to manage our exposure to fluctuations in the Euro-U.S. Dollar exchange rate. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had deferred foreign currency losses of million and million, respectively, in Accumulated other comprehensive loss associated with our cross currency swap activity. 
 Fair value of financial instruments 
 The following methods were used to estimate the fair values of each class of financial instrument: 
 short-term financial instruments (cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable, accounts and notes payable and variable-rate debt) recorded amount approximates fair value because of the short maturity period; 
 long-term fixed-rate debt, including current maturities fair value is based on market quotes available for issuance of debt with similar terms, which are inputs that are classified as Level 2 in the valuation hierarchy defined by the accounting guidance; 
 cross currency swap and foreign currency contract agreements fair values are determined through the use of models that consider various assumptions, including time value, yield curves, as well as other relevant economic measures, which are observable inputs that are classified as Level 2 in the valuation hierarchy defined by the accounting guidance; and 
 deferred compensation plan assets (mutual funds, common/collective trusts and cash equivalents for payment of certain non-qualified benefits for retired, terminated and active employees) fair value of mutual funds and cash equivalents are based on quoted market prices in active markets that are classified as Level 1 in the valuation hierarchy defined by the accounting guidance; fair value of common/collective trusts are valued at net asset value ("NAV"), which is based on the fair value of underlying securities owned by the fund divided by the number of shares outstanding. 
 19 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 Fixed rate debt Total debt 
 ) ) Cross currency swap assets Foreign currency contract liabilities ) ) Foreign currency contract assets Deferred compensation plan assets Total recurring fair value measurements ) ) 
 Recurring fair value measurements December 31, 2023 In millions Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 NAV Total Cross currency swap liabilities ) ) Cross currency swap assets Foreign currency contract liabilities ) ) Foreign currency contract assets Deferred compensation plan assets Total recurring fair value measurements ) ) 
 
 10. 
 2021 Term loan facility 2026 2023 Term loan facility 2028 2024 Term loan facility 2026 Senior notes - fixed rate 2028 Senior notes - fixed rate 2031 Senior notes - fixed rate 2033 Unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts N/A N/A ) ) Total debt Less: Current maturities and short-term borrowings 
 ) ) Long-term debt 
 20 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2028 (the "2028 Notes"). 
 In November 2021, nVent Finance issued million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2031 (the "2031 Notes"). 
 In May 2023, to finance the acquisition of ECM Industries, nVent Finance issued million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2033 (the "2033 Notes" and, collectively with the 2028 Notes and the 2031 Notes, the "Notes"). 
 Interest on the 2028 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, and interest on the 2031 Notes and 2033 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year. 
 The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to payment by nVent (the "Parent Company Guarantor"). There are no subsidiaries that guarantee the Notes. The Parent Company Guarantor is a holding company that has no independent assets or operations unrelated to its investments in consolidated subsidiaries. The Subsidiary Issuer is a holding company that has no independent assets or operations unrelated to its investments in consolidated subsidiaries and the issuance of the Notes and other external debt. The Parent Company Guarantor s principal source of cash flow, including cash flow to make payments on the Notes pursuant to the guarantees, is dividends from its subsidiaries. The Subsidiary Issuer s principal source of cash flow is interest income from its subsidiaries. None of the subsidiaries of the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer is under any direct obligation to pay or otherwise fund amounts due on the Notes or the guarantees, whether in the form of dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. In addition, there may be statutory and regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends from certain subsidiaries of the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer. If such subsidiaries are unable to transfer funds to the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer and sufficient cash or liquidity is not otherwise available, the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer may not be able to make principal and interest payments on their outstanding debt, including the Notes or the guarantees. 
 The Notes constitute general unsecured senior obligations of the Subsidiary Issuer and rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future unsubordinated and unsecured indebtedness and liabilities of the Subsidiary Issuer. The guarantees of the Notes by the Parent Company Guarantor constitute general unsecured obligations of the Parent Company Guarantor and rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future unsubordinated and unsecured indebtedness and liabilities of the Subsidiary Issuer. Subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, the indenture pursuant to which the Notes were issued contains covenants that, among other things, restrict nVent s, nVent Finance s and certain subsidiaries ability to merge or consolidate with another person, create liens or engage in sale and lease-back transactions. 
 There are no significant restrictions on the ability of nVent to obtain funds from its subsidiaries by dividend or loan. None of the assets of nVent or its subsidiaries represents restricted net assets pursuant to the guidelines established by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Senior credit facilities 
 In September 2021, the Company and its subsidiaries nVent Finance and Hoffman Schroff Holdings, Inc. entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with a syndicate of banks providing for a million senior unsecured term loan facility (the "2021 Term Loan Facility") and a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility" and, together with the 2021 Term Loan Facility, the "Senior Credit Facilities"). Borrowings under the 2021 Term Loan Facility were permitted on a delayed draw basis during the first year of the term of the 2021 Term Loan Facility, and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are permitted from time to time during the full term of the Revolving Credit Facility. In September 2022, nVent exercised the delayed draw provision of the 2021 Term Loan Facility, increasing the total borrowings under the 2021 Term Loan Facility by million to million. nVent Finance has the option to request to increase the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate amount of up to million, subject to customary conditions, including the commitment of the participating lenders. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility was million. 
 Borrowings under the Senior Credit Facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an adjusted base rate, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), Euro Interbank Offer Rate EURIBOR or Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA ), plus, in each case, an applicable margin. The applicable margin will be based on, at nVent Finance s election, the Company's leverage level or public credit rating. 
 21 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 million for (the "2023 Term Loan Facility"), which was used to fund the acquisition of ECM Industries. The 2023 Term Loan Facility bears interest at a rate equal to an adjusted base rate or adjusted term SOFR plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin will be based on, at nVent Finance s election, the Company's leverage level or public credit rating. 
 In June 2024, nVent and nVent Finance entered into a new loan agreement among nVent Finance, as borrower, nVent as guarantor, and the lenders and agents party thereto, providing for a million senior unsecured term loan facility (the "2024 Term Loan Facility"). In July 2024, nVent partially financed the acquisition of Trachte using the 2024 Term Loan Facility. The 2024 Term Loan Facility bears interest at a rate equal to an adjusted base rate or adjusted term SOFR plus, in each case, an applicable margin. 
 Our debt agreements contain certain financial covenants, the most restrictive of which are in the Senior Credit Facilities, the 2023 Term Loan Facility and the 2024 Term Loan Facility, including that we may not permit (i) the ratio of our consolidated debt (net of our consolidated unrestricted cash in excess of million but not to exceed million) to our consolidated net income (excluding, among other things, non-cash gains and losses) before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and non-cash share-based compensation expense ("EBITDA") on the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters (each a "testing period") to exceed to 1.00 (or, at nVent Finance's election and subject to certain conditions, to 1.00 for four testing periods in connection with certain material acquisitions) and (ii) the ratio of our EBITDA to our consolidated interest expense for the same period to be less than to 1.00. In addition, subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, the Senior Credit Facilities, the 2023 Term Loan Facility and the 2024 Term Loan Facility also contain covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to create liens, merge or consolidate with another person, make acquisitions and incur subsidiary debt. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all financial covenants in our debt agreements, and there is no material uncertainty about our ongoing ability to meet those covenants. 

11. 
 compared to for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The liability for uncertain tax positions was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. We record penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in Provision for income taxes and Net interest expense , respectively, on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, which is consistent with our past practices. 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development introduced an international tax framework under Pillar II (the "Pillar II framework") which includes a global minimum tax of 15 . The Pillar II framework has been implemented by several jurisdictions, including jurisdictions in which we operate, with effect from January 1, 2024, which resulted in an increase to our effective tax rate in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Further, in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a million non-cash benefit related to the release of a valuation allowance on certain foreign deferred tax assets. 
 22 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 12. 
 million (the "2021 Authorization"). The 2021 Authorization expired on July 22, 2024. 
 On May 17, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of our ordinary shares up to a maximum dollar limit of million (the "2024 Authorization"). The 2024 Authorization began on July 23, 2024, following the expiration of the 2021 Authorization, and expires on July 22, 2027. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased million of our ordinary shares for million under the 2024 Authorization and we did not repurchase ordinary shares under the 2021 Authorization. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we repurchased million of our ordinary shares for million under the 2021 Authorization. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had million available for share repurchases under the 2024 Authorization. 
 Dividends payable 
 On September 24, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per ordinary share that was paid on November 1, 2024, to shareholders of record at the close of business on October 18, 2024. The balance of dividends payable included in Other current liabilities on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 13. 
 reporting segments: Enclosures and Electrical Fastening Solutions. 
 We evaluate performance based on net sales and reportable segment income and use a variety of ratios to measure performance of our reporting segments. These results are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have occurred had each segment been an independent, stand-alone entity during the periods presented. Reportable segment income represents operating income of each reporting segment exclusive of intangible amortization, acquisition related expenses, costs of restructuring activities, impairments and other unusual non-operating items. 
 "Enterprise and other" activity primarily consists of enterprise expenses not allocated to the segments, including certain executive office, board of directors, and centrally-managed enterprise functional or shared service costs related to finance, human resources, legal, communication and corporate development. These activities do not meet the criteria for a stand-alone reporting segment under ASC 280. 
 Electrical Fastening Solutions Total 
 23 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

 Electrical Fastening Solutions Reportable segment income Enterprise and other ) ) ) ) Restructuring and other ) ) ) ) Intangible amortization ) ) ) ) Acquisition transaction and integration costs ) ) ) ) Inventory step-up amortization ) ) Gain on sale of investment Net interest expense ) ) ) ) Other expense ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes 
 
 14. 
 Performance share units Stock options Total 
 In the first quarter of 2024, we issued our annual share-based compensation grants under the 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan to eligible employees. The total number of awards issued was approximately million, of which million were restricted stock units ("RSUs"), million were performance share units ("PSUs") and million were stock options. The weighted-average grant date fair value of the RSUs, PSUs and stock options issued was , and , respectively. 
 Expected dividend yield Expected share price volatility Expected term (years) 
 These estimates require us to make assumptions based on historical results, observance of trends in our share price, changes in option exercise behaviors, future expectations and other relevant factors. If other assumptions had been used, share-based compensation expense, as calculated and recorded under the accounting guidance, could have been affected. 
 24 

nVent Electric plc 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

15. 
 t material. 
 Stand-by letters of credit, bank guarantees and bonds 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are required to commit to bonds, letters of credit and bank guarantees that require payments to our customers for any non-performance. The outstanding face value of these instruments fluctuates with the value of our projects in process and in our backlog. In addition, we issue financial stand-by letters of credit primarily to secure our performance to third parties under self-insurance programs. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding value of bonds, letters of credit and bank guarantees totaled million and million, respectively. 
 25 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Forward-looking Statements 
 This report contains statements that we believe to be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. Without limitation, any statements preceded or followed by or that include the words "targets," "plans," "believes," "expects," "intends," "will," "likely," "may," "anticipates," "estimates," "projects," "forecasts," "should," "would," "could," "positioned," "strategy," "future," "are confident," or words, phrases or terms of similar substance or the negative thereof, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Among these factors are adverse effects on our business operations or financial results, including the ability to complete the pending sale of the Thermal Management business on anticipated terms and timetable; the overall global economic and business conditions impacting our business; the ability to achieve the benefits of our restructuring plans; the ability to successfully identify, finance, complete and integrate acquisitions, including the Trachte, ECM Industries and other recent acquisitions; competition and pricing pressures in the markets we serve, including the impacts of tariffs; volatility in currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices; inability to generate savings from excellence in operations initiatives consisting of lean enterprise, supply management and cash flow practices; inability to mitigate material and other cost inflation; risks related to the availability of, and cost inflation in, supply chain inputs, including labor, raw materials, commodities, packaging and transportation; increased risks associated with operating foreign businesses, including risks associated with military conflicts, such as that between Russia and Ukraine, and related sanctions; the ability to deliver backlog and win future project work; failure of markets to accept new product introductions and enhancements; the impact of changes in laws and regulations, including those that limit U.S. tax benefits; the outcome of litigation and governmental proceedings; and the ability to achieve our long-term strategic operating goals. Additional information concerning these and other factors is contained in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and ITEM 1A. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. nVent Electric plc assumes no obligation, and disclaims any obligation, to update the information contained in this report. 
 Overview 
 The terms "us," "we," "our," "the Company" or "nVent" refer to nVent Electric plc. nVent is a leading global provider of electrical connection and protection solutions. We believe our inventive electrical solutions enable safer systems and ensure a more secure world. We design, manufacture, market, install and service high performance products and solutions that connect and protect mission critical equipment, buildings and essential processes. We offer a comprehensive range of enclosures and electrical fastening solutions across industry-leading brands that are recognized globally for quality, reliability and innovation. 
 We classify our operations into business segments based primarily on types of products offered and markets served. We operate across two segments: Enclosures and Electrical Fastening Solutions, which represented approximately 60 and 40 of total revenues during the first nine months of 2024, respectively. 
 Enclosures The Enclosures segment provides innovative solutions to help protect electronics and data in mission critical applications, including data solutions, that improve reliability and energy efficiency. Our standard and custom protective enclosures, cooling solutions and power distribution solutions help manage power and protect operating environments for mission critical applications in industrial, infrastructure, commercial and energy verticals. 
 Electrical Fastening Solutions The Electrical Fastening Solutions segment provides innovative solutions that connect and protect in power and data infrastructure. Our offerings enhance end-user safety, reduce installation time and provide resiliency for critical systems. Our power connections, fastening solutions, cable management solutions, grounding and bonding systems, tools and test instruments help provide efficiencies to contractors and provide resiliency for critical systems that are used across a wide range of verticals, including commercial and residential, infrastructure, industrial and energy. 
 On May 18, 2023, as part of our Electrical Fastening Solutions reporting segment, we completed the acquisition of ECM Investors, LLC, the parent of ECM Industries, LLC ("ECM Industries"), for approximately 1.1 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. ECM Industries is a leading provider of high-value electrical connectors, tools and test instruments and cable management. The purchase price was funded primarily through borrowings under the 2033 Notes and 2023 Term Loan Facility (as defined below). 
 On July 10, 2023, we acquired TEXA Industries for approximately 34.8 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. TEXA Industries is an Italian manufacturer of industrial cooling applications that we are marketing as part of the nVent HOFFMAN product line within our Enclosures reporting segment. 
 26 

On July 16, 2024, we completed the acquisition of the Trachte, LLC ("Trachte") as part of our Enclosures reporting segment, for approximately 691.3 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. Trachte is a leading manufacturer of custom-engineered control building solutions designed to protect critical infrastructure assets. The purchase price was funded primarily through borrowings under the 2024 Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below). 
 On July 31, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our Thermal Management business to BCP Acquisitions LLC, an affiliate of funds managed by Brookfield Asset Management, for a purchase price of 1.7 billion in cash, subject to certain customary purchase price adjustments. We expect the transaction to close by early 2025, subject to customary conditions, including regulatory approvals. The results of the Thermal Management business are reported as a discontinued operation in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for all periods presented. The assets and liabilities of this business have been reclassified as held for sale in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for all periods presented. The Thermal Management business was previously disclosed as a stand-alone reporting segment. 
 Key Trends and Uncertainties Regarding our Existing Business 
 The following trends and uncertainties affected our financial performance in 2023 and the first nine months of 2024 and will likely impact our results in the future: 
 During 2023 and the first nine months of 2024, we have experienced inflationary increases, primarily related to labor and raw material costs. While we have taken pricing actions and we have implemented and plan to continue to implement productivity improvements that could help offset these cost increases, we expect inflationary cost increases to continue in the remainder of 2024, which could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Our global operations make our effective tax rate sensitive to significant tax law changes. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development introduced an international tax framework under Pillar II (the "Pillar II framework") which includes a global minimum tax of 15 . The Pillar II framework has been implemented by several jurisdictions, including jurisdictions in which we operate, with effect from January 1, 2024, which resulted in an increase to our effective tax rate in 2024. We will continue to monitor these developments as more countries in which we operate adopt legislation and provide guidance. 
 The converging megatrends of the electrification of everything, sustainability and digitalization, including the increased use of artificial intelligence, have led to sales growth, particularly in the infrastructure vertical, which includes our data solutions business that is primarily in our Enclosures segment. We expect these megatrends to continue and drive sales growth in 2024 and beyond. 
 We have invested in innovation and new products, which contributed to sales growth across nVent. We expect continued investment in new products to drive sales growth in 2024 and beyond. 
 In 2024 , our operating objectives include the following: 
 Executing our sustainability strategy focused on People, Products, Planet and Governance; 
 Enhancing and supporting employee engagement, development and retention; 
 Achieving differentiated revenue growth through focus on higher growth verticals, new products and innovation, global expansion and acquisitions; 
 Integrating recent acquisitions with our existing operations; 
 Optimizing our technological capabilities to increasingly generate innovative new and connected products and advance digital transformation; 
 Driving operational excellence through lean and agile, with specific focus on our digital transformation and supply chain resiliency; 
 Optimizing working capital through inventory initiatives across business segments and focused actions to align customer and vendor payment terms; and 
 Deploying capital strategically to drive growth and value creation. 
 27 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The consolidated results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Three months ended In millions September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 change / point change Net sales 782.0 715.0 67.0 9.4 Cost of goods sold 470.9 425.9 45.0 10.6 Gross profit 311.1 289.1 22.0 7.6 of net sales 
 39.8 40.4 (0.6) pts Selling, general and administrative 
 161.8 148.4 13.4 9.0 of net sales 
 20.7 20.8 (0.1) pts Research and development 
 16.1 14.5 1.6 11.0 of net sales 2.1 2.0 0.1 pts Operating income 133.2 126.2 7.0 5.5 of net sales 17.0 17.7 (0.7) pts Net interest expense 30.4 25.5 4.9 N.M. Other expense 1.2 1.3 (0.1) N.M. Income before income taxes 101.6 99.4 2.2 2.2 Provision for income taxes 22.7 17.5 5.2 29.7 Effective tax rate 22.3 17.6 4.7 pts Net income from continuing operations 78.9 81.9 (3.0) (3.7) Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 26.1 23.6 2.5 10.6 Net income 105.0 105.5 (0.5) (0.5) 
 N.M. Not Meaningful 
 28 

The consolidated results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Nine months ended In millions September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 change / point change Net sales 2,253.9 1,978.4 275.5 13.9 Cost of goods sold 1,344.3 1,179.7 164.6 14.0 Gross profit 909.6 798.7 110.9 13.9 of net sales 
 40.4 40.4 pts Selling, general and administrative 450.7 413.3 37.4 9.0 of net sales 
 20.0 20.9 (0.9) pts Research and development 48.9 40.2 8.7 21.6 of net sales 2.2 2.0 0.2 pts Operating income 410.0 345.2 64.8 18.8 of net sales 18.2 17.4 0.8 pts Net interest expense 76.6 55.0 21.6 N.M. Gain on sale of investment (10.2) 10.2 N.M. Other expense 3.3 3.6 (0.3) N.M. Income before income taxes 330.1 296.8 33.3 11.2 Provision for income taxes 72.8 49.5 23.3 47.1 Effective tax rate 22.1 16.7 5.4 pts Net income from continuing operations 257.3 247.3 10.0 4.0 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 63.8 64.9 (1.1) (1.7) Net income 321.1 312.2 8.9 2.9 
 N.M. - Not Meaningful 
 29 

Net sales 
 The components of the change in consolidated net sales from the prior period were as follows: 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 over the prior year period over the prior year period Volume 1.5 3.6 Price (0.5) (0.2) Organic growth 1.0 3.4 Acquisition 8.2 10.5 Currency 0.2 Total 9.4 13.9 
 The 9.4 and 13.9 percent increases in net sales in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 from 2023, respectively, were primarily the result of: 
 sales of 58.6 million and 208.1 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, as a result of the ECM Industries, Trachte and TEXA Industries acquisitions; and 
 organic sales growth contribution of approximately 3.0 and 3.5 from our infrastructure business in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 from 2023, respectively. 
 These changes were partially offset in the third quarter of 2024 from 2023 by: 
 organic sales decline of approximately 1.5 and 1.0 from our commercial residential and industrial businesses, respectively. 
 Gross profit 
 The 0.6 percentage point decrease and flat change in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 from 2023, respectively, were primarily the result of: 
 inflationary increases, primarily related to labor costs and raw materials, compared to 2023. 
 These changes were partially offset in the third quarter of 2024 from 2023, and offset in the first nine months of 2024 from 2023, by: 
 higher sales volume resulting in increased leverage on fixed expenses in cost of goods sold; and 
 11.8 million and 17.7 million of expense related to inventory step-up recorded in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023 as a result of the ECM Industries acquisition. 
 Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") 
 The 0.1 and 0.9 percentage point decreases in SG A expense as a percentage of net sales in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 from 2023, respectively, were primarily the result of: 
 higher sales volume resulting in increased leverage on fixed expenses; and 
 savings generated from restructuring and other productivity initiatives. 
 These decreases were partially offset by: 
 intangible amortization expense of 26.8 million and 66.7 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, compared to 20.5 million and 49.2 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively, as a result of the ECM Industries, Trachte and TEXA Industries acquisitions; and 
 investments in capacity, new products and digital to drive growth. 
 Net interest expense 
 The increases in net interest expense in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 from 2023 were the result of: 
 increased debt due to the acquisitions of ECM Industries and Trachte. 
 Gain on sale of investment 
 In the first nine months of 2023, we recorded a million gain related to the sale of a 3.8 million equity investment recorded on a cost basis, of which the cash proceeds were received in the third quarter of 2023. 
 30 

Provision for income taxes 
 The 4.7 and 5.4 percentage point increases in the effective tax rate in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 from 2023, respectively, were primarily the result of: 
 the enactment of the Pillar II global minimum tax framework, effective January 1, 2024 in certain jurisdictions in which we operate; 
 a 4.3 million non-cash benefit related to the release of a valuation allowance on certain foreign deferred tax assets recorded in the first nine months of 2023; and 
 increased earnings in higher tax rate jurisdictions. 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax, relating to the Thermal Management business was 26.1 million and million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, and million and million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively. 
 SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The summary that follows provides a discussion of the results of operations of each of our two reportable segments (Enclosures and Electrical Fastening Solutions). Each of these segments comprises various product offerings that serve multiple end users. 
 We evaluate performance based on net sales and reportable segment income ("segment income") and use a variety of ratios to measure performance of our reporting segments. Segment income represents operating income exclusive of intangible amortization, acquisition related expenses, costs of restructuring activities, impairments and other unusual non-operating items. 
 Enclosures 
 The net sales, segment income and segment income as a percentage of net sales for Enclosures were as follows: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended In millions September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 / point change September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 / point change Net sales 477.1 412.7 15.6 1,357.8 1,203.7 12.8 Segment income 104.4 89.4 16.8 303.0 261.9 15.7 of net sales 21.9 21.7 0.2 pts 22.3 21.8 0.5 pts 
 Net sales 
 The components of the change in Enclosures net sales from the prior period were as follows: 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 over the prior year period over the prior year period Volume 2.1 7.4 Price (0.9) (0.5) Organic growth 1.2 6.9 Acquisition 14.2 6.0 Currency 0.2 (0.1) Total 15.6 12.8 
 The 15.6 and 12.8 percent increases in Enclosures net sales in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 from 2023, respectively, were primarily the result of: 
 sales of 58.6 million and 71.8 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, as a result of the Trachte and TEXA Industries acquisitions; and 
 organic sales growth contribution of approximately 4.0 and 6.0 from our infrastructure business in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 from 2023, respectively. 
 These changes were partially offset in the third quarter of 2024 from 2023 by: 
 organic sales decline of approximately 2.0 and 1.0 from our industrial and commercial residential businesses, respectively. 
 31 

Segment income 
 The components of the change in Enclosures segment income as a percentage of net sales from the prior period were as follows: 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 over the prior year period over the prior year period Growth/acquisition 1.9 pts 2.3 pts Price (0.7) (0.4) Currency 0.4 Net productivity (1.4) (1.4) Total 0.2 pts 0.5 pts 
 The 0.2 and 0.5 percentage point increases in segment income for Enclosures as a percentage of net sales in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 from 2023, respectively, were primarily the result of: 
 higher sales volume resulting in increased leverage on fixed expenses. 
 These increases were partially offset by: 
 inflationary increases, primarily related to labor costs and raw materials, compared to 2023; and 
 investments in capacity, new products and digital to drive growth. 
 Electrical Fastening Solutions 
 The net sales, segment income and segment income as a percentage of net sales for Electrical Fastening Solutions were as follows: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended In millions September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 / point change September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 / point change Net sales 304.9 302.3 0.9 896.1 774.7 15.7 Segment income 92.6 97.6 (5.1) 270.3 245.4 10.1 of net sales 30.4 32.3 (1.9) pts 30.2 31.7 (1.5) pts 
 Net sales 
 The components of the change in Electrical Fastening Solutions net sales from the prior period were as follows: 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 over the prior year period over the prior year period Volume 0.8 (2.3) Price 0.1 0.4 Organic growth 0.9 (1.9) Acquisition 17.6 Total 0.9 15.7 
 The 0.9 percent increase in Electrical Fastening Solutions net sales in the third quarter of 2024 from 2023 was primarily the result of: 
 organic sales growth contribution of approximately 2.0 from our infrastructure business. 
 These increase was partially offset by: 
 organic sales decline of approximately 2.0 from our commercial residential business. 
 The 15.7 percent increase in Electrical Fastening Solutions net sales in the first nine months of 2024 from 2023 was primarily the result of: 
 sales of 136.3 million as a result of the ECM Industries acquisition. 
 This increase was partially offset by: 
 organic sales declines of approximately 1.5 and 1.0 from our commercial residential and infrastructure businesses, respectively. 
 32 

Segment income 
 The components of the change in Electrical Fastening Solutions segment income as a percentage of net sales from the prior period were as follow s: 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 over the prior year period over the prior year period Growth/acquisition (2.0) pts (2.3) pts Price 0.1 0.2 Currency 0.1 Net productivity 0.5 Total (1.9) pts (1.5) pts 
 The 1.9 and 1.5 percentage point decreases in segment income for Electrical Fastening Solutions as a percentage of net sales in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 from 2023, respectively, were primarily the result of: 
 the impact of unfavorable product mix; 
 inflationary increases, primarily related to labor costs and raw materials, compared to 2023; and 
 investments in digital, selling and marketing to drive growth. 
 These decreases were partially offset by: 
 increased productivity as a result of supply chain management and manufacturing efficiencies. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 The primary source of liquidity for our business is cash flows provided by operations. We expect to continue to have cash requirements to support working capital needs and capital expenditures, to pay interest and service debt and to pay dividends to shareholders quarterly. We believe we have the ability and sufficient capacity to meet these cash requirements by using available cash, internally generated funds and borrowing under committed credit facilities. We are focused on increasing our cash flow, while continuing to fund our research and development, sales and marketing and capital investment initiatives. Our intent is to maintain investment grade metrics and a solid liquidity position. As of September 30, 2024, we had 137.1 million of cash on hand, of which 34.7 million is held in certain countries in which the ability to repatriate is limited due to local regulations or significant potential tax consequences. 
 We experience seasonal cash flows primarily due to increased demand for Electrical Fastening Solutions products during the spring and summer months in the Northern Hemisphere. 
 Operating activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was 324.1 million in the first nine months of 2024, which primarily reflects net income, net of non-cash depreciation, amortization, and changes in deferred taxes, of 362.1 million, partially offset by a 60.3 million increase in net working capital. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was 232.5 million in the first nine months of 2023, which primarily reflects net income, net of non-cash depreciation, amortization and changes in deferred taxes, of 322.1 million, partially offset by a 98.4 million increase in net working capital. 
 Investing activities 
 Net cash used for investing activities from continuing operations of 724.7 million in the first nine months of 2024 relates primarily to cash paid for the Trachte acquisition of 677.7 million, net of cash acquired, and capital expenditures of 47.5 million. 
 Net cash used for investing activities from continuing operations of 1,147.3 million in the first nine months of 2023 relates primarily to cash paid for the ECM Industries acquisition of 1,119.7 million, net of cash acquired, and capital expenditures of 44.8 million. 
 Financing activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations of 278.1 million in the first nine months of 2024 relates primarily to receipts of long-term debt of 500.0 million, offset by share repurchases of 100.0 million and dividends paid of 95.3 million. 
 33 

Net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations of 672.1 million in the first nine months of 2023 relates primarily to receipts from long-term debt of 800.0 million, offset by dividends paid of 87.6 million and share repurchases of 15.2 million. 
 Senior notes 
 In March 2018, nVent Finance S. r.l. nVent Finance or "Subsidiary Issuer"), a 100-percent owned subsidiary of nVent, issued 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.550 senior notes due 2028 (the "2028 Notes"). 
 In November 2021, nVent Finance issued 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.750 senior notes due 2031 (the "2031 Notes"). 
 In May 2023, to finance the acquisition of ECM Industries, nVent Finance issued 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.650 Senior Notes due 2033 (the "2033 Notes" and, collectively with the 2028 Notes and the 2031 Notes, the "Notes"). 
 Interest on the 2028 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, and interest on the 2031 Notes and 2033 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year. 
 The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to payment by nVent (the "Parent Company Guarantor"). There are no subsidiaries that guarantee the Notes. The Parent Company Guarantor is a holding company that has no independent assets or operations unrelated to its investments in consolidated subsidiaries. The Subsidiary Issuer is a holding company that has no independent assets or operations unrelated to its investments in consolidated subsidiaries and the issuance of the Notes and other external debt. The Parent Company Guarantor s principal source of cash flow, including cash flow to make payments on the Notes pursuant to the guarantees, is dividends from its subsidiaries. The Subsidiary Issuer s principal source of cash flow is interest income from its subsidiaries. None of the subsidiaries of the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer is under any direct obligation to pay or otherwise fund amounts due on the Notes or the guarantees, whether in the form of dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. In addition, there may be statutory and regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends from certain subsidiaries of the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer. If such subsidiaries are unable to transfer funds to the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer and sufficient cash or liquidity is not otherwise available, the Parent Company Guarantor or the Subsidiary Issuer may not be able to make principal and interest payments on their outstanding debt, including the Notes or the guarantees. 
 The Notes constitute general unsecured senior obligations of the Subsidiary Issuer and rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future unsubordinated and unsecured indebtedness and liabilities of the Subsidiary Issuer. The guarantees of the Notes by the Parent Company Guarantor constitute general unsecured obligations of the Parent Company Guarantor and rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future unsubordinated and unsecured indebtedness and liabilities of the Subsidiary Issuer. Subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, the indenture pursuant to which the Notes were issued contains covenants that, among other things, restrict nVent s, nVent Finance s and certain subsidiaries ability to merge or consolidate with another person, create liens or engage in sale and lease-back transactions. 
 There are no significant restrictions on the ability of nVent to obtain funds from its subsidiaries by dividend or loan. None of the assets of nVent or its subsidiaries represents restricted net assets pursuant to the guidelines established by the SEC. 
 Senior credit facilities 
 In September 2021, the Company and its subsidiaries nVent Finance and Hoffman Schroff Holdings, Inc. entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with a syndicate of banks providing for a five-year 300.0 million senior unsecured term loan facility (the "2021 Term Loan Facility") and a five-year 600.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility" and, together with the 2021 Term Loan Facility, the "Senior Credit Facilities"). Borrowings under the 2021 Term Loan Facility were permitted on a delayed draw basis during the first year of the five-year term of the 2021 Term Loan Facility, and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are permitted from time to time during the full five-year term of the Revolving Credit Facility. In September 2022, nVent exercised the delayed draw provision of the 2021 Term Loan Facility, increasing the total borrowings under the 2021 Term Loan Facility by 200.0 million to 300.0 million. nVent Finance has the option to request to increase the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate amount of up to 300.0 million, subject to customary conditions, including the commitment of the participating lenders. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility was 600.0 million. 
 Borrowings under the Senior Credit Facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an adjusted base rate, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), Euro Interbank Offer Rate EURIBOR or Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA ), plus, in each case, an applicable margin. The applicable margin will be based on, at nVent Finance s election, the Company's leverage level or public credit rating. 
 34 

In April 2023, nVent and nVent Finance entered into a loan agreement providing for another unsecured term loan facility of 300.0 million for five years (the "2023 Term Loan Facility"), which was used to fund the acquisition of ECM Industries. The 2023 Term Loan Facility bears interest at a rate equal to an adjusted base rate or adjusted term SOFR plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin will be based on, at nVent Finance s election, the Company's leverage level or public credit rating. 
 In June 2024, nVent and nVent Finance entered into a new loan agreement among nVent Finance, as borrower, nVent as guarantor, and the lenders and agents party thereto, providing for a two-year 500.0 million senior unsecured term loan facility (the "2024 Term Loan Facility"). In July 2024, we partially financed the acquisition of Trachte using the 2024 Term Loan Facility. The 2024 Term Loan Facility bears interest at a rate equal to an adjusted base rate or adjusted term SOFR plus, in each case, an applicable margin. 
 Our debt agreements contain certain financial covenants, the most restrictive of which are in the Senior Credit Facilities, the 2023 Term Loan Facility and 2024 Term Loan Facility, including that we may not permit (i) the ratio of our consolidated debt (net of our consolidated unrestricted cash in excess of 5.0 million but not to exceed 250.0 million) to our consolidated net income (excluding, among other things, non-cash gains and losses) before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and non-cash share-based compensation expense ("EBITDA") on the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters (each a "testing period") to exceed 3.75 to 1.00 (or, at nVent Finance's election and subject to certain conditions, 4.25 to 1.00 for four testing periods in connection with certain material acquisitions) and (ii) the ratio of our EBITDA to our consolidated interest expense for the same period to be less than 3.00 to 1.00. In addition, subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, the Senior Credit Facilities, the 2023 Term Loan Facility, and the 2024 Term Loan Facility also contain covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to create liens, merge or consolidate with another person, make acquisitions and incur subsidiary debt. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all financial covenants in our debt agreements, and there is no material uncertainty about our ongoing ability to meet those covenants. 
 Share repurchases 
 On May 14, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of our ordinary shares up to a maximum dollar limit of 300.0 million (the "2021 Authorization"). The 2021 Authorization expired on July 22, 2024. 
 On May 17, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of our ordinary shares up to a maximum dollar limit of 500.0 million (the "2024 Authorization"). The 2024 Authorization began on July 23, 2024 following the expiration of the 2021 Authorization, and expires on July 22, 2027. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 1.5 million of our ordinary shares for 100.0 million under the 2024 Authorization and we did not repurchase ordinary shares under the 2021 Authorization. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we repurchased 0.3 million of our ordinary shares for 13.2 million under the 2021 Authorization. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 400.0 million available for share repurchases under the 2024 Authorization. 
 Dividends 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid dividends of 95.3 million, or 0.57 per ordinary share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we paid dividends of 87.6 million, or 0.525 per ordinary share. 
 On September 24, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.19 per ordinary share that was paid on November 1, 2024, to shareholders of record at the close of business on October 18, 2024. The balance of dividends payable included in Other current liabilities on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets was 32.1 million and 32.6 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Other financial measures 
 In addition to measuring our cash flow generation or usage based upon operating, investing and financing classifications included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, we also measure our free cash flow. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that we use to assess our cash flow performance. Total results below reflect continuing operations combined with discontinued operations. We believe free cash flow is an important measure of liquidity because it provides us and our investors a measurement of cash generated from operations that is available to pay dividends, make acquisitions, repay debt and repurchase shares. In addition, free cash flow is used as a criterion to measure and pay annual incentive compensation. Our measure of free cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 
 35 

The following table is a reconciliation of free cash flow: 
 Nine months ended In millions September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities of continuing operations 324.1 232.5 Capital expenditures (47.5) (44.8) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 0.5 Free cash flow of continuing operations 277.1 187.7 Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities of discontinued operations 94.4 59.1 Capital expenditures of discontinued operations (5.6) (4.1) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment of discontinued operations 7.3 Total free cash flow 365.9 250.0 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 We have adopted various accounting policies to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Certain of our accounting policies require the application of significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates. In our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, we identified the critical accounting policies which affect our more significant estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements. 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from those previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 There have been no material changes in our market risk during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. For additional information, refer to our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of our published financial statements and other disclosures included in this report. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the quarter ended September 30, 2024 pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"). Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at the reasonable assurance level, as of the end of the quarter ended September 30, 2024 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we completed the acquisition of Trachte. As part of our ongoing integration activities associated with the Trachte acquisition, we are reviewing the internal controls and procedures of Trachte and working to augment our company-wide controls to reflect the risks inherent in the acquisition. There were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 36 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 There have been no material developments with respect to the legal proceedings previously disclosed in Item 3 of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, except for the additional risk factor relating to the sale of the Thermal Management business set forth below. 
 We may not complete the sale of our Thermal Management business in the time frame or on the terms we anticipate. 
 On July 31, 2024, we entered into an agreement to sell our Thermal Management business to BCP Acquisitions LLC, an affiliate of funds managed by Brookfield Asset Management, for a purchase price of 1.7 billion in cash, subject to certain customary purchase price adjustments. We expect the sale of the Thermal Management business will be completed by early 2025, subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approval. The completion of the sale of the Thermal Management business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the satisfaction of the conditions to the completion of the sale, the parties to the transactions obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the sale agreement and our ability to obtain the expected proceeds from the sale. These and other factors could impair our ability to complete the sale of the Thermal Management business in the time frame and on the terms we anticipate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 37 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 The following table provides information with respect to purchases we made of our ordinary shares during the third quarter of 2024: 
 (a) (b) (c) (d) Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs July 1 - July 27, 2024 8,906 78.17 500,000,000 July 28 - August 24, 2024 789,971 64.79 789,875 448,806,412 August 25 - September 30, 2024 759,483 63.24 758,058 400,000,005 Total 1,558,360 1,547,933 
 (a) The purchases in this column include shares repurchased as part of our publicly announced plans and shares deemed surrendered to us by participants in the nVent Electric plc 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the "2018 Plan") and earlier Pentair stock incentive plans that are now outstanding under the 2018 Plan (collectively the "Plans") to satisfy the exercise price or withholding of tax obligations related to the exercise of stock options, vesting of restricted shares and vesting of performance shares. 
 (b) The average price paid in this column includes shares repurchased as part of our publicly announced plans and shares deemed surrendered to us by participants in the Plans to satisfy the exercise price of stock options and withholding tax obligations due upon stock option exercises and vesting of restricted and performance shares. 
 (c) The number of shares in this column represents the number of shares repurchased as part of our publicly announced plans to repurchase our ordinary shares up to a maximum dollar limit authorized by the Board of Directors, discussed below. 
 (d) On May 14, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of our ordinary shares up to a maximum dollar limit of 300.0 million (the "2021 Authorization"). The 2021 Authorization expired on July 22, 2024. On May 17, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of our ordinary shares up to a maximum dollar limit of 500.0 million (the "2024 Authorization"). The 2024 Authorization began on July 23, 2024 following the expiration of the 2021 Authorization and expires July 22, 2027. As of September 30, 2024, we had 400.0 million available for share repurchases under the 2024 Authorization. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 (c) 
 During the third quarter of 2024, none of our directors or Section 16 officers or any "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" (as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K), except as set forth in the table below. 
 Name Jerry W. Burris Title Director Type of trading arrangement Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c). Adoption date 8/19/2024 The trading arrangement only permits transactions upon expiration of the applicable mandatory cooling-off period under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. Duration of trading arrangement The trading arrangement permits transactions through and including the earlier to occur of January 2, 2026 or the execution of all trades or expiration of all orders relating to such trades. Aggregate number of shares to be sold Up to 6,558 shares issuable upon the exercise of options to acquire shares pursuant to the trading arrangement. 
 38 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 The exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index are filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Exhibit Index to Form 10-Q for the Period Ended September 30, 2024 
 2.1 
 Share and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, by and between nVent Electric plc and BCP Acquisitions LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in the Current Report on Form 8-K of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on August 6, 2024 (File No. 001-38265)). 10.1 
 Sale Incentive Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, between Michael B. Faulconer and nVent Management Company. 22 
 Guarantors and Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 22 in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of nVent Electric plc filed with the Commission on July 28, 2023 (File No. 001-38265)). 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following materials from nVent Electric plc's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 are filed herewith, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and (vi) the information included in Part II, Item 5(c). The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 39 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on November 1, 2024. 
 nVent Electric plc Registrant By /s/ Sara E. Zawoyski Sara E. Zawoyski Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer By /s/ Randolph A. Wacker Randolph A. Wacker Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer 
 40 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101salesincentiveagreeme.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

SALE INCENTIVE AGREEMENT 
 
 This SALE INCENTIVE AGREEMENT Agreement is made and entered into effective this 31 day of July, 2024, by and between Michael B. Faulconer Executive and nVent Management Company (the Company ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the parties wish to memorialize their understanding regarding a sale incentive bonus that the Company is hereby offering to Executive as an inducement for Executive to support the sale of the Thermal Management business by January 31, 2025, and continue Executive s employment relationship with the Company subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement 
 
 WHEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, Executive and the Company agree as follows 
 
 1. Sale Incentive Bonus . Provided the Conditions as defined in Section 2 below are met, and subject to Section 4, the Company shall pay Executive a single lump sum cash payment equal to 1,625,000 (the Sale Incentive Bonus ). The Sale Incentive Bonus shall be paid to Executive as soon as practicable following the Sale Date (as defined in Section 3), shall be made in U.S. dollars, and shall be subject to applicable withholding taxes. 
 
 2. Conditions . The Conditions are all of the conditions set forth in subsections (a)-(e) of this Section 2. Specifically, Executive will be deemed to have complied with all of the Conditions provided that he 
 
 (a) does not resign from employment prior to the Sale Date 
 
 (b) is not discharged by the Company for Cause (as defined in Section 3) prior to the Sale Date 
 
 (c) does not suffer an employment loss with the Company prior to the Sale Date due to Executive's death or disability 
 
 (d) faithfully performs all assigned duties and responsibilities through the Sale Date and 
 
 (e) complies with the confidentiality provisions of Section 5. 
 
 3. Definitions . 
 
 1 

a. Sale Date means the date of consummation of the closing of the sale by nVent Electric plc of its Thermal Management business to Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (or its affiliates) or any of its portfolio companies and their affiliates, provided such closing occurs prior to January 31, 2025. If a sale of the Thermal Management business by nVent Electric plc to Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (or its affiliates) or any of its portfolio companies and their affiliates is not consummated by January 31, 2025, then this Agreement shall terminate and no amount shall be paid hereunder. 
 
 b. Cause means Executive's (i) conviction of a felony or conviction of any gross misdemeanor involving any act of moral turpitude (ii) commission of any intentional act of theft, fraud, falsification or other act of dishonesty involving the Company or its affiliates (iii) improper use or disclosure of the Company s or any of its affiliates confidential or proprietary information or (iv) willful failure to perform any assigned duties or responsibilities if such failure is not cured within thirty days after receiving written notice of such alleged failure. 
 
 4. 280G Limitations . If any portion of the payment owed hereunder, whether singly or in combination with other payments or benefits to be provided to Executive in connection with the sale of the Thermal Management business (the Total Payments ), would constitute an excess parachute payment and would, but for this Section 4, result in the imposition on Executive of an excise tax under Internal Revenue Code Section 4999, then the Total Payments to be made to Executive shall either be (a) paid or provided in full, or (b) reduced to such amount so that no portion of such Total Payment would be subject to such excise tax, whichever of the foregoing results in the receipt by Executive of the greatest payments and benefits on an after-tax basis (taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax). 
 
 5. Confidentiality . Executive acknowledges and agrees that the terms, amount and fact of this Agreement are strictly confidential and shall be held in the strictest and total confidence. Executive further represents that Executive will not disclose the terms, amount or fact of this Agreement to anyone except Executive's legal counsel, spouse (if applicable), Executive's necessary financial advisor, all policing or regulatory agencies, and as required by law. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive's violation of this provision shall constitute a material violation of this Agreement, and that should any such violation occur, the Company shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately and not pay the Sale Incentive Bonus. 
 
 6. At Will Employment . Executive s employment with the Company remains at will, meaning that either Executive or the Company may terminate Executive s employment at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. This Agreement does not constitute a contract of employment. 
 
 7. Merger . This Agreement is the sole understanding between the parties regarding the financial incentive to Executive associated with remaining employed until the Sale Date. 
 2 

Executive agrees and warrants that no representation, promise or inducement has been offered for this Agreement aside from the promise made herein, and any past understandings regarding the subject matter of this Agreement are superseded and replaced by this Agreement. 
 
 8. Counterparts Governing Law . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and counterpart signatures or signatures delivered via facsimile or via email shall be given the same effect as if a single original document had been signed. This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed according to the laws of the State of Minnesota, without reference to conflict of laws principles thereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer, and Executive has executed this Agreement. 
 
 Dated 7 31 2024 , 2024 s Lynette Heath 
 Lynnette Heath, 
 EVP & CHRO, nVent Management Company 

Dated 7 31 2024 , 2024 s Michael B. Faulconer 
 Michael B. Faulconer 

3 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311ceocertification20240.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification 
 
 I, Beth A. Wozniak, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of nVent Electric plc 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 November 1, 2024 s Beth A. Wozniak Beth A. Wozniak Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312cfocertification20240.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification 
 
 I, Sara E. Zawoyski, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of nVent Electric plc 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 November 1, 2024 s Sara E. Zawoyski Sara E. Zawoyski 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex321ceocertification20240.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant To 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of nVent Electric plc (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Beth A. Wozniak, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date 
 November 1, 2024 s Beth A. Wozniak Beth A. Wozniak Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex322cfocertification20240.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant To 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of nVent Electric plc (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sara E. Zawoyski, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date 
 November 1, 2024 s Sara E. Zawoyski Sara E. Zawoyski 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nvt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nvt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nvt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nvt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nvt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

