<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241204_10-Q_edgar_data_1468666_0001468666-24-000050.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6075572</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141698</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1186937</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2213568</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1271597</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1150715</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001468666-24-000050.hdr.sgml : 20241204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241204163225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001468666-24-000050
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241101
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SecureWorks Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001468666
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				270463349
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37748
		FILM NUMBER:		241526613

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE CONCOURSE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30328
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4049291810

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE CONCOURSE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SecureWorks Holding Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090720

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001468666-24-000050.txt : 20241204

10-Q
 1
 scwx-20241101.htm
 10-Q

scwx-20241101 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number : 

. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code): ) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered par value 0.01 per share (Nasdaq Global Select Market) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of December 2, 2024, there were 88,890,066 shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding, consisting of outstanding shares of Class A common stock and outstanding shares of Class B common stock. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM PAGE Part I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of November 1, 2024 and February 2, 2024 (unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3 , 2023 (unaudited) 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 Part II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 45 
 Item 6 . 
 Exhibits 
 47 
 Signature 
 48 

Except where the content otherwise requires or where otherwise indicated, all references in this report to "Secureworks," "we," "us," "our," and "our Company" to refer to SecureWorks Corp. and our subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except for per share data) 
 November 1, 2024 February 2, 2024 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Short-term deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities, non-current Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) 
 par value: shares authorized; shares issued 
 Common stock - Class A of par value: shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, at November 1, 2024 and February 2, 2024, respectively. 
 Common stock - Class B of par value: shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost - shares 
 ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 Net revenue: Subscription Professional services Total net revenue Cost of revenue: Subscription Professional services Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Reorganization and other related charges Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Interest and other (expense) income, net ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Loss per common share (basic and diluted) Weighted-average common shares outstanding (basic and diluted) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of right of use asset Reorganization and other related charges Amortization of costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts Amortization of costs capitalized to fulfill revenue contracts Stock-based compensation expense Impact of income tax provision ) Provision for credit losses Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Net transactions with Dell ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) Operating leases, net ) ) Accrued and other liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Software development costs ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Taxes paid on vested restricted shares ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended November 1, 2024 Common Stock - Class A Common Stock - Class B Outstanding Shares Amount Outstanding Shares Amount Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Equity Balances, August 2, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Vesting of restricted stock units ) Common stock withheld as payment for withholding taxes upon the vesting of restricted shares ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balances, November 1, 2024 ) ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended November 1, 2024 Common Stock - Class A Common Stock - Class B Outstanding Shares Amount Outstanding Shares Amount Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Equity Balances, February 2, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units ) Common stock withheld as payment for withholding taxes upon the vesting of restricted shares ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balances, November 1, 2024 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements . 
 7 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended November 3, 2023 Common Stock - Class A Common Stock - Class B Outstanding Shares Amount Outstanding Shares Amount Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Equity Balances, August 4, 2023 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units ) Common stock withheld as payment for withholding taxes upon the vesting of restricted shares ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balances, November 3, 2023 ) ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended November 3, 2023 Common Stock - Class A Common Stock - Class B Outstanding Shares Amount Outstanding Shares Amount Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Equity Balances, February 3, 2023 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units ) Grant and forfeitures of restricted stock awards Common stock withheld as payment for withholding taxes upon the vesting of restricted shares ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balances, November 3, 2023 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements . 
 8 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 1 
 primary business activity, which is to provide customers with technology-driven cybersecurity solutions. The Company s chief operating decision-maker, who is the Chief Executive Officer, makes operating decisions, assesses performance, and allocates resources on a consolidated basis. There are no segment managers who are held accountable for operations and operating results below the consolidated unit level. Accordingly, Secureworks operates its business as a single reportable segment. 
 On April 27, 2016, the Company completed its initial public offering, or IPO. Upon the closing of the IPO, Dell Technologies Inc., or Dell Technologies, owned, indirectly through Dell and its subsidiaries, all shares of the Company s outstanding Class B common stock, which as of November 1, 2024, represented approximately of the Company s total outstanding shares of common stock and approximately of the combined voting power of both classes of the Company s outstanding common stock. 
 Except where the context otherwise requires or where otherwise indicated, all references in this report to Secureworks, we, us, our, and Company refer to SecureWorks Corp. and our subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. References to Dell refer to Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 For more information regarding related party transactions, see Note 10 Related Party Transactions. 
 Merger Agreement 
 On October 21, 2024, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Sophos Inc., a Massachusetts corporation Parent and Project Green Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent Merger Sub and together with Parent, the Buyer Parties ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger ). The Buyer Parties are affiliates of investment funds managed by Thoma Bravo, L.P. 
 If the Merger is consummated, the Company intends to delist its Class A common stock from the Nasdaq Global Select Market of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and deregister its Class A common stock under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as promptly as practicable following the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement). 
 At the Effective Time each share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value per share, and Class B common stock, par value per share, that is issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Dissenting Shares (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or shares (i) held in the Company s treasury, (ii) owned by Parent, Merger Sub or their respective direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries or (iii) owned by any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) will be converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to , without interest thereon. 
 The Merger Agreement contains a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to the completion of the merger transaction, or Merger, including (i) the Company receiving the Written Consent (as defined below) (which has been satisfied, as described below), (ii) (a) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended and (b) the clearance or approval under certain specified antitrust laws and foreign investment laws, (iii) the absence of any governmental authority of competent authority in certain specified jurisdictions issuing 
 9 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

of the combined voting power of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock executed and delivered to the Company a written consent, or Written Consent, approving and adopting the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated therein, including the Merger. As a result of the execution and delivery of the Written Consent, the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock with the right to vote thereon have adopted and approved the Merger Agreement. The delivery of the Written Consent constituted the necessary approvals of stockholders for the approval of the Merger, subject to the other conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement. 
 During the period prior to the closing of the Merger and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company is subject to certain contractual restrictions that limit the Company s ability to take certain actions, including the ability to undertake acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures or to incur indebtedness, subject to certain exceptions. 
 The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for the Company, on the one hand, and Parent, on the other hand, including that, subject to certain limitations, the Company or Parent may terminate the Merger Agreement if the Merger is not consummated by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time, on June 20, 2025 or such other date as may be mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties (the End Date ). Upon termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, including if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances and prior to such termination, an Acquisition Proposal for an Acquisition Transaction (each as defined in the Merger Agreement) is publicly known and not publicly withdrawn and, within twelve months after the date of such termination, an Acquisition Transaction is consummated or the Company enters into an agreement providing for the consummation of an Acquisition Transaction, the Company will be required to pay Parent a termination fee of . 
 In addition, Parent will be required to pay the Company a termination fee of under certain circumstances, including if the Company terminates the Merger Agreement (i) due to Parent or Merger Sub breaching its representations, warranties or covenants that would have a Parent Material Adverse Effect and is incapable of being cured by the End Date or (ii) because all conditions to the Merger have been satisfied (subject to customary exceptions) and the Buyer Parties fail to consummate the Merger within three business days after the later of receiving written notification from the Company and the day on which the Closing should have occurred. 
 On November 22, 2024, the Company filed with the SEC its definitive information statement on Schedule 14C in connection with the Merger. 
 Completion of the Merger is currently expected to occur in early 2025, subject to regulatory approvals and other conditions. 
 million in net cash used in operating activities and other de minimis impacts to cash flows from capital expenditures, as included in total cash used in investing activities. The corresponding amounts are presented separately as the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents. These revisions do not impact the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, or the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
 10 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Liquidity 
 The Company has incurred losses from operations and operating cash outflows in recent periods and, as of the balance sheet date, the Company has reported a deficit in working capital. 
 The Company s prior reorganization actions are expected to result in significant cost savings as the Company completes a 
 transition to higher value, higher margin Taegis solutions. The Company expects that this transition better positions the Company for growth with improving operating margins over time. In the event the Company s financial results are below its expectations, the Company may need to take additional actions to preserve existing cash reserves. 
 As of November 1, 2024, the Company held million in cash and cash equivalents. There were amounts drawn on the million revolving credit facility with Dell as of November 1, 2024. The Company believes that its cash and cash equivalents and access to the revolving credit facility will provide sufficient liquidity to meet its cash requirements, including to fund its business and meet its obligations, for at least 12 months from the filing date of this report. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 There have been no significant changes to the Company s significant accounting policies as of and for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, as compared to the significant accounting policies described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024. 
 11 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 2) ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average number of shares outstanding: Basic and Diluted Loss per common share: Basic and Diluted Weighted-average anti-dilutive share-based awards 

12 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 3 
 derive any subscription revenue from Managed Security Services. Professional services typically include incident response, adversarial testing services, and other security consulting arrangements. 
 Managed Security Services Total Subscription revenue Professional Services Total net revenue 
 Promises to provide the Company s subscription-based SaaS solutions are accounted for as separate performance obligations and managed security services are accounted for as a single performance obligation. Our subscription contracts typically range from one to . Performance obligations related to the Company s professional services contracts are separate obligations associated with each service. Although the Company has multi-year customer relationships for various professional service solutions, the arrangement is typically structured as a separate performance obligation over the contract period and recognized over a duration of less than . 
 The deferred revenue balance does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, non-cancelable subscription agreements. The Company invoices its customers based on a variety of billing schedules. During the nine months ended November 1, 2024, on average, approximately of the Company s recurring revenue was billed annually in advance and approximately was billed on either a monthly or quarterly basis in advance. In addition, many of the Company s professional services engagements are billed in advance of service commencement. The deferred revenue balance is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of renewals, billing frequency, and invoice timing. 
 ) 
 As of February 3, 2023 
 Upfront payments received and billings during the nine months ended November 3, 2023 
 Revenue recognized during the nine months ended November 3, 2023 
 As of November 3, 2023 
 Deferred revenue ) 
 
 13 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

elements: (i) the value of remaining services to be provided through the contract term for customers whose services have been activated, or active; and (ii) the value of subscription-based solutions contracted with customers that have not yet been provisioned, or backlog. Backlog is not recorded in revenue, deferred revenue or elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements until the Company establishes a contractual right to invoice, at which point backlog is recorded as revenue or deferred revenue, as appropriate. The Company applies the practical expedient in Accounting Standards Codification paragraph 606-10-50-14(a) and does not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that are part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less. 
 The Company expects that the amount of backlog relative to the total value of its contracts will change from year to year due to several factors, including the amount invoiced at the beginning of the contract term, the timing and duration of the Company s customer agreements, varying invoicing cycles of agreements and changes in customer financial circumstances. Accordingly, fluctuations in backlog are not always a reliable indicator of future revenues. 
 Performance obligation - backlog Total remaining performance obligations 
 Deferred Commissions and Fulfillment Costs 
 The Company capitalizes a significant portion of its commission expense and related fringe benefits earned by its sales personnel and recognizes these deferred commissions on a straight-line basis over the life of the customer relationship (estimated to be ). Historically, the Company capitalized certain costs to install and activate hardware and software used in its managed security services, primarily related to a portion of the compensation for the personnel who perform the installation activities. These deferred fulfillment costs were amortized on a systematic basis consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate. 
 ) Deferred fulfillment costs 
 As of February 3, 2023 
 Amount capitalized Amount recognized As of November 3, 2023 
 Deferred commissions ) Deferred fulfillment costs ) 

14 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 4 
 million due to foreign currency translation for the nine months ended November 1, 2024, compared to February 2, 2024. Goodwill totaled million and million as of November 1, 2024 and February 2, 2024, respectively. 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment on an annual basis during the third fiscal quarter of each fiscal year, or earlier if an indicator of impairment occurs. The Company completed the most recent annual impairment test in the third quarter of fiscal 2025 by performing a "Step 0" qualitative assessment of goodwill at the reporting unit level, as well as the Company s indefinite-lived trade name asset at the individual asset level. The Company has reporting unit. The qualitative assessment includes the Company s consideration of the relevant events and circumstances that would affect the Company s single reporting unit and indefinite-lived assets, including macroeconomic, industry and market conditions, the Company s overall financial performance including changes to its cost structure and trends in the market price of the Company s Class A common stock. After assessing the totality of these events and circumstances, the Company determined it was not more-likely-than not that the fair value of the reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset was less than their respective carrying values. No triggering events have transpired since the performance of the qualitative assessment that would indicate a potential impairment occurred during the period through November 1, 2024. 
 Intangible Assets 
 ) ) Acquired Technology ) ) Developed Technology ) ) Finite-lived intangible assets ) ) Trade name Total intangible assets ) ) 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, respectively, and approximately million and million for the three and nine months ended November 3, 2023, respectively. Amortization expense is included within cost of revenue and general and administrative expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were impairment charges related to intangible assets during the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024 or November 3, 2023. 

15 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 5 
 million senior, unsecured revolving credit facility. Effective September 6, 2023, the Company executed an amendment to the revolving credit agreement that was effectuated on March 23, 2023. This amended agreement (1) increased the maximum principal amount of borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility to million, (2) removed the one-time increase of up to an additional million in borrowings upon mutual agreement by lender and borrower, (3) extended the commitment and required repayment date under the revolving credit agreement to March 23, 2026, and (4) modified the rate at which interest accrues on funds drawn against the revolving credit agreement to the Secured Overnight Finance Rate, or SOFR, plus . During the period prior to the closing of the Merger and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, we are subject to certain contractual restrictions that limit our ability to incur indebtedness (including under the revolving credit facility), subject to certain exceptions. 
 Amounts under the facility may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed from time to time during the term of the facility. The proceeds from loans made under the facility may be used for general corporate purposes. The credit agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants, and events of default. The unused portion of the facility is subject to a commitment fee of , which is due upon expiration of the facility. There was outstanding balance under the credit facility, and the Company was in compliance with all covenants, as of November 1, 2024 and February 2, 2024. Additionally, there were amounts borrowed under the credit facility during the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024. 
 The borrower will be required to repay, in full, all of the loans outstanding, including all accrued interest, and the facility will terminate upon a change of control of SecureWorks Corp. or following a transaction in which SecureWorks, Inc. ceases to be a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SecureWorks Corp. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, any obligations incurred under the revolving credit facility will be repaid in full at the Effective Time. The facility is not guaranteed by SecureWorks Corp. or its subsidiaries. 
 16 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 6 
 . These audits could result in significant assessments of past taxes, fines, and interest if the Company were found to be non-compliant. During the course of an audit, a taxing authority may question the Company s application of its rules in a manner that, if the Company were not successful in substantiating its position, could result in a significant financial impact to the Company. In the course of preparing its financial statements and disclosures, the Company considers whether information exists that would warrant disclosure or an accrual with respect to such a contingency. 
 As of November 1, 2024, the Company is under audit with various state taxing authorities in which rulings related to the taxability of certain of its services are pending; t he Company has recorded an estimated liability of million related to such matters. The Company expects to continue to appeal certain of these rulings, but should the Company not prevail, it could be subject to obligations to pay additional taxes together with associated penalties and interest for the audited tax period. 
 Indemnifications and Guarantees In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into contractual arrangements under which it agrees to indemnify its customers from certain losses incurred by the customer from third-party claims relating to the services performed on behalf of the Company or for certain losses incurred by the customer as to third-party claims arising from certain events as defined within the particular contract. Such indemnification obligations may not be subject to maximum loss clauses. Historically, payments related to these indemnifications have been immaterial. 
 Other guarantees include guarantees of product and service performance. These contingent obligations are not recognized as liabilities and have not had any significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements to date. 
 Concentrations The Company sells solutions to customers of all sizes through a combination of partners and its sales organization. During the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023, the Company had no customer that represented 10 or more of its net revenue. 
 17 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 7 
 years to years, inclusive of renewal or termination options that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise. 
 Variable lease costs Total lease costs Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average information associated with the measurement of remaining operating lease obligations is as follows: 
 November 1, 2024 Weighted-average remaining lease term years Weighted-average discount rate 
 2026 2027 Thereafter Total operating lease payments Less imputed interest Total operating lease liabilities 
 million to its operating lease right-of-use assets in the second quarter of fiscal 2024. There were impairments recorded during the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024. See Note 12 Reorganization and other related costs for further discussion. 

18 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 8 
 and restricted stock units during the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, respectively, and and restricted stock units during the three and nine months ended November 3, 2023, respectively. The annual restricted stock units granted during these periods vest over a period. Approximately and of such awards granted during the nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023, respectively, are subject to performance conditions. The majority of the restricted stock unit awards made during the three months ended May 3, 2024 were subject to stockholder approval at the Company s 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, which took place on June 25, 2024, of an amendment to the 2016 Plan. The amendment to the 2016 Plan increased the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable under the plan by shares. Such stockholder approval was obtained at the annual meeting on June 25, 2024, and those awards were deemed granted and outstanding for accounting purposes as of the approval date. 
 period. The Company granted an immaterial amount of cash awards during the nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023, respectively. The Company recognized thousand and million of related compensation expense for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, respectively, and million and million of related compensation expense for the three and nine months ended November 3, 2023, respectively. 

19 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 9) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Effective tax rate ) ) 
 On March 13, 2024, Dell s economic ownership of the Company dropped below 80 . As a result, the Company no longer qualifies for inclusion in Dell Technologies consolidated U.S. federal income tax return, as well as tax returns in certain U.S. state jurisdictions that follow similar consolidation requirements. Commencing with this deconsolidation, the Company will file its own consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. Given the Company s recent history of cumulative losses, a valuation allowance was recorded against its federal deferred tax assets, as well as certain U.S. state deferred tax assets. The Company recorded an initial valuation allowance of million during the three months ended May 3, 2024 . Net deferred tax balances, which include the impacts of valuation allowances, are included in other non-current assets and other non-current liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended November 1, 2024 is primarily impacted by the increase in the valuation allowance and certain non-recurring discrete period items. 
 For certain U.S. state jurisdictions where the Company continues to be included in consolidated filings with Dell Technologies, related deferred tax assets continue to be recognized under the separate return method, modified to apply the benefits-for-loss approach. Under the benefits-for-loss approach, net operating losses or other tax attributes are characterized as realized by the Company when those attributes are utilized by other members of the Dell consolidated group. 
 During the nine months ended November 3, 2023, the Company did not file separate federal tax returns as the Company generally was included in the tax grouping of other Dell entities within the respective entity s tax jurisdiction. The income tax benefit has been calculated using the separate return method, modified to apply the benefits-for-loss approach. Under the benefits-for-loss approach, net operating losses or other tax attributes are characterized as realized by the Company when those attributes are utilized by other members of the Dell consolidated group. 
 Effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the option to deduct research and development, or R D, expenses in the year incurred and instead requires taxpayers to capitalize R D expenses, including software development cost, and subsequently amortize such expenses over five years for R D activities conducted in the United States and over fifteen years for R D activities conducted outside of the United States. This legislation has materially impacted the Company s deferred tax assets and corresponding valuation allowance. 
 As of November 1, 2024 and February 2, 2024, the Company had a net operating loss receivable from Dell of million and million, respectively. The Company had million and million of unrecognized tax benefits as of November 1, 2024 and February 2, 2024, respectively. 
 20 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 10 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended November 3, 2023, respectively. Management believes that the basis on which the expenses have been allocated reasonably reflects the utilization of services provided to or the benefit received by the Company during the periods presented. 
 Related Party Arrangements 
 For the periods presented, related party transactions and activities involving Dell Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries were not always consummated on terms equivalent to those that would prevail in an arm s-length transaction where conditions of competitive, free-market dealing may exist. 
 The Company purchases computer equipment for internal use from Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries that is capitalized within property and equipment in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Purchases of computer equipment from Dell and EMC Corporation, or EMC, an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies that provides enterprise software and storage, totaled million and million for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, respectively, and thousand and million for the three and nine months ended November 3, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company also recognized revenue related to solutions provided to significant beneficial owners of Secureworks common stock, which include Mr. Dell and affiliates of Mr. Dell. The revenues recognized by the Company from solutions provided to Mr. Dell, MSD Capital, L.P. (n/k/a, DFO Management, LLC, a firm founded for the purposes of managing investments of Mr. Dell and his family), DFI Resources LLC, an entity affiliated with Mr. Dell, and the Michael and Susan Dell Foundation were immaterial to the Company. 
 The Company provides solutions to certain customers whose contractual relationships have historically been with Dell rather than Secureworks, although the Company has the primary responsibility to provide the services. Effective August 1, 2015, in connection with the IPO, Dell transferred many of these customer contracts to the Company, forming a direct contractual relationship between the Company and the end customer. For customers whose contracts have not yet been transferred or whose contracts were subsequently originated through Dell under a reseller agreement, the Company recognized revenues of approximately million and million for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended November 3, 2023, respectively. 
 As the Company s customer, Dell also purchases services from the Company. The Company recognized revenues from such purchases of approximately million and million for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended November 3, 2023, respectively. For each of the periods presented, the majority of these revenues represented professional services revenue. 
 ) Accounts receivable from customers under reseller agreements with Dell (in accounts receivable, net) Net operating loss tax sharing receivable under agreement with Dell 

21 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 11 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 The carrying amounts of the Company s accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximate their respective fair value due to their short-term nature. 
 22 

SECUREWORKS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 12 
 million during the nine months ended November 1, 2024. 
 Reorganization charge Charges settled in cash ) ) ) Charges settled in non-cash ) ) Balance as of February 2, 2024 Reorganization charge Charges settled in cash ) ) Balance as of November 1, 2024 
 23 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The words believe, may, would, could, potentially, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan, aim, seek, and similar expressions that convey uncertainty regarding future events or outcomes as they relate to us or our management are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Our results could be materially different from our expectations because of various risks, including risks related to: the completion of the Merger on the anticipated terms and timing; the satisfaction of the conditions to the completion of the Merger, including obtaining required regulatory approvals; achieving or maintaining profitability; enhancing our existing solutions and technologies and developing or acquiring new solutions and technologies; navigating economic conditions, geopolitical uncertainty and financial market volatility; relying on personnel with extensive information security expertise; successfully implementing our strategic plan to realign and optimize our investments with our priorities; intense competition in the Company s markets; attracting new customers, retaining existing customers and increasing annual contract values; relying on customers in the financial services industry; managing our growth effectively; maintaining high-quality client service and support functions; the terms of our service level agreements with customers that require credits for service failures or inadequacies; recognizing revenue ratably over the terms of our Taegis security solutions and managed security services contracts; long and unpredictable sales cycles; the risks associated with expansion of the Company s international sales and operations; the risks associated with proposed or currently enacted tax statutes, including, but not limited to, Internal Revenue Code Section 174; our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates or inflation; the effect of new governmental export or import controls on our business or any international sanctions compliance program applicable to us; expanding our key distribution relationships and technology alliance partnerships; real or perceived defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our solutions or the failure of our solutions to prevent a security breach; the risks associated with cyber-attacks or other data security incidents; the risks associated with our development, use and adoption of artificial intelligence; the ability of our solutions to interoperate with our customers IT infrastructure; our ability to use third-party technologies; the impact of evolving information security, cybersecurity and data privacy laws and regulations on our business; maintaining and enhancing our brand; the risks associated with our acquisition of other businesses; the effect of natural disasters, public health issues, geopolitical conflict and other catastrophic events on our ability to serve customers, including the Ukrainian/Russian conflict and ongoing conflicts in the Middle East; our reliance on patents to protect its intellectual property rights; protecting, maintaining or enforcing our non-patented intellectual property rights and proprietary information; claims by third parties of infringement of their proprietary technology by us; our use of open source technology; the risks related to the Company s relationship with Dell Technologies Inc. and Dell Inc. and control of the Company by Dell Technologies Inc., which include, but are not limited to, the effects of our deconsolidation as a part of the Dell Technologies Inc. affiliated tax group; the volatility of the price of the Company s Class A common stock; and other risks discussed in "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024 that was filed with the SEC on March 22, 2024, in Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 1, 2024 and in our other periodic and current reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. All statements by us regarding our expected financial position, revenues, cash flows and other operating results for future periods, business strategy, the outcome of legal proceedings and similar matters are forward-looking statements. Our expectations expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements may not turn out to be correct. There can be no assurance that the Merger will be completed, or if it is completed, that it will close within the anticipated time period. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date as of which such statement is made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement after the date as of which such statement was made, whether to reflect changes in circumstances or our expectations, the occurrence of unanticipated events, or otherwise. 
 
 24 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This management's discussion and analysis is based upon the financial statements of Secureworks which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP, and should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes for the year ended February 2, 2024 included in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024 that was filed with the SEC on March 22, 2024, which we refer to as the Annual Report. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, beliefs, and future expectations. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed in Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above and in "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report and in Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 1, 2024. 
 Our fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending on the Friday closest to January 31. We refer to the fiscal year ending January 31, 2025 and the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024 as fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, respectively. Fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 each consist of 52 weeks, and each quarter consists of 13 weeks. Unless otherwise indicated, all changes identified for the current-period results represent comparisons to results for the prior corresponding fiscal periods. 
 All percentage amounts and ratios presented in this management s discussion and analysis were calculated using the underlying data in thousands. 
 Except where the context otherwise requires or as otherwise indicated, (1) all references to "Secureworks," "we," "us," "our," and "our Company" in this management s discussion and analysis refer to SecureWorks Corp. and our subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, (2) all references to "Dell" refer to Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis and (3) all references to "Dell Technologies" refer to Dell Technologies Inc., the ultimate parent company of Dell Inc. 
 Overview 
 We are a leading global cybersecurity provider of technology-driven solutions singularly focused on protecting our customers. 
 Our vision is to be the essential cybersecurity company for a digitally connected world. We believe we are the security platform of choice to deliver a holistic approach to security at scale for our customers to achieve their best security outcomes. We combine our considerable experience from securing thousands of customers, for whom we process billions of customer events leveraging artificial intelligence and machine-learning in our security platform, with the actionable insights from our team of elite researchers, analysts, and consultants to create a powerful network effect that provides increasingly strong protection for our customers. 
 Our proprietary Taegis security platform utilizes an open architecture that is designed to process a wide variety of telemetry to see security threats quickly and leverage our customers existing investments. Our solutions collect and process vast amounts of data across the IT ecosystem by integrating a wide array of proprietary and third-party security products. This open-platform approach allows us to aggregate events from a wide range of endpoint, network, cloud, and business systems to increase the effectiveness of our solutions. 
 By aggregating and analyzing data from sources around the world, we offer solutions that enable organizations to: 
 prevent security breaches, 
 detect malicious activity, 
 respond rapidly when a security breach occurs, and 
 identify emerging threats. 
 We believe a platform that supports innovation and collaboration enables the power of the security community to outmaneuver the adversary. Leveraging our extensive security expertise and threat intelligence, we utilize our unique insights to extend our Taegis XDR platform to defend against cyber-attacks. 
 The integrated approach we have pioneered enables us to deliver a broad portfolio of security solutions to organizations of varying size and complexity. We seek to provide the right level of security for each customer s particular situation, which evolves with our customers as their organizations grow and change over time. Our flexible and scalable solutions secure the evolving needs of large enterprises as well as small and medium-sized businesses and U.S. state and local government agencies with limited in-house capabilities and resources. 
 We offer our customers: 
 software-as-a-service, or SaaS, solutions, 
 managed solutions, and 
 professional services, including incident response and adversarial testing services. 
 25 

Our security solutions leverage our proprietary technologies, security operations workflows, and extensive expertise and knowledge of the tactics, techniques, and procedures of the adversary that we have developed over more than two decades. As key elements of our strategy, we seek to: 
 be the SaaS security platform of choice, 
 broaden our reach with security service providers to deliver our security platform globally, and 
 empower the global security community to beat the adversary at scale. 
 Taegis was purpose-built as a SaaS platform that combines the power of artificial intelligence and machine-learning capabilities with actionable security analytics and threat intelligence to unify detection and response across endpoint, network, cloud, email, and other systems for better security outcomes and simpler security operations. The Taegis security platform is a core element of our SaaS solutions, which leverage workflows designed from our extensive security operations expertise and our integrated orchestration and automation capabilities to increase the speed of response actions. 
 We offer an integrated suite of technology-driven security solutions enabled by our Taegis security platform and team of highly skilled security experts. Our technology-driven security solutions offer an innovative approach to prevent, detect, and respond to cybersecurity breaches. The platform collects, aggregates, correlates, and analyzes billions of events daily from our extensive customer base utilizing sophisticated algorithms to detect malicious activity and deliver security countermeasures, dynamic intelligence and valuable context regarding the intentions and actions of cyber adversaries. Through our Taegis solutions, which are sold on a subscription basis, we provide global visibility and insight into malicious activity, enabling our customers to detect, respond to, and effectively remediate threats quickly. 
 In addition to our Taegis solutions, we offer a variety of professional services to advise customers on a broad range of security and risk-related matters, which include incident response, penetration testing services, and Taegis professional services, that we believe will accelerate the adoption of our software solutions. 
 Merger Agreement 
 On October 21, 2024, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Sophos Inc., a Massachusetts corporation Parent and Project Green Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent Merger Sub and together with Parent, the Buyer Parties ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger ). The Buyer Parties are affiliates of investment funds managed by Thoma Bravo, L.P. 
 If the Merger is consummated, the Company intends to delist its Class A common stock from the Nasdaq Global Select Market of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and deregister its Class A common stock under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as promptly as practicable following the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement). 
 At the Effective Time each share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.01 per share, and Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share, that is issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Dissenting Shares (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or shares (i) held in the Company s treasury, (ii) owned by Parent, Merger Sub or their respective direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries or (iii) owned by any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) will be converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to 8.50, without interest thereon. 
 The Merger Agreement contains a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to the completion of the merger transaction, or Merger, including (i) the Company receiving the Written Consent (as defined below) (which has been satisfied, as described below), (ii) (a) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended and (b) the clearance or approval under certain specified antitrust laws and foreign investment laws, (iii) the absence of any governmental authority of competent authority in certain specified jurisdictions issuing any order or other legal restraint that makes consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibited, (iv) at least 20 calendar days have elapsed since the Company s mailing to the Company s stockholders of the information statement on Schedule 14C, and (v) the absence of any Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) since the date of the Merger Agreement that has occurred that is continuing. 
 Following the execution of the Merger Agreement, on October 21, 2024, Dell Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, who, as of October 21, 2024 indirectly held approximately 97.4 of the combined voting power of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock executed and delivered to the Company a written consent, or Written Consent, approving and adopting the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated therein, including the Merger. As a result of the execution and delivery of the Written Consent, the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock with the right to vote thereon have adopted and approved the Merger Agreement. The delivery of the Written Consent constituted the necessary approvals of stockholders for the approval of the Merger, subject to the other conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement. 
 26 

During the period prior to the closing of the Merger and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company is subject to certain contractual restrictions that limit the Company s ability to take certain actions, including the ability to undertake acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures or to incur indebtedness, subject to certain exceptions. 
 The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for the Company, on the one hand, and Parent, on the other hand, including that, subject to certain limitations, the Company or Parent may terminate the Merger Agreement if the Merger is not consummated by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time, on June 20, 2025 or such other date as may be mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties (the End Date ). Upon termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, including if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances and prior to such termination, an Acquisition Proposal for an Acquisition Transaction (each as defined in the Merger Agreement) is publicly known and not publicly withdrawn and, within twelve months after the date of such termination, an Acquisition Transaction is consummated or the Company enters into an agreement providing for the consummation of an Acquisition Transaction, the Company will be required to pay Parent a termination fee of 26,000,000. 
 In addition, Parent will be required to pay the Company a termination fee of 52,000,000 under certain circumstances, including if the Company terminates the Merger Agreement (i) due to Parent or Merger Sub breaching its representations, warranties or covenants that would have a Parent Material Adverse Effect and is incapable of being cured by the End Date or (ii) because all conditions to the Merger have been satisfied (subject to customary exceptions) and the Buyer Parties fail to consummate the Merger within three business days after the later of receiving written notification from the Company and the day on which the Closing should have occurred. 
 On November 22, 2024, we filed with the SEC our definitive information statement on Schedule 14C in connection with the Merger. 
 Completion of the Merger is currently expected to occur in early 2025, subject to regulatory approvals and other conditions. 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 We believe that our sustained success will depend on many factors, including the adoption of our Taegis solutions by organizations, continued investment in our technology and threat intelligence research, our introduction of new solutions, our ability to increase sales of our solutions to new and existing customers, and our ability to attract and retain top talent. Although these areas present significant opportunities, they also present risks that we must manage to ensure we remain successful. We operate in an intensely competitive industry and face, among other competitive challenges, pricing pressure resulting from actions taken by our larger competitors to reduce the prices of their security prevention, detection, and response solutions, as well as the prices of their managed security services. If we are unable to continue to manage our investments in an efficient manner or to effectively execute our strategies aimed to foster sustained success, our business could be adversely affected. 
 The key factors affecting our performance include the following: 
 Adoption of Technology-Driven Solution Strategy . The evolving landscape of applications, modes of communication, and IT architectures makes it increasingly challenging for organizations of all sizes to protect their critical business assets, including proprietary information, from cyber threats. New technologies heighten security risks by increasing the number of ways in which a threat actor can attack a target, giving users greater access to important business networks and information, and facilitating the transfer of control of underlying applications and infrastructure to third-party vendors. An effective security strategy requires the coordinated deployment of a solution across the entire network infrastructure. Our Taegis security solutions are designed to facilitate the successful implementation of such a strategy, but continuous investment in, and adaptation of, our technology will be required in the ever-evolving threat landscape. Our financial results will be affected by the degree to which prospective and current customers recognize the mission-critical nature of our technology-driven information security solutions and subsequently purchase our solutions. 
 Investment in Our Technology and Threat Intelligence Research . Our software platform serves as the core of our technology-driven security solutions. We believe it provides our customers with an integrated perspective and key visibility into their network environments and potential security threats. Our software platform is augmented by threat intelligence from our Counter Threat Unit research team, which conducts exclusive research into threat actors, uncovers new attack techniques, analyzes emerging threats, and evaluates the risks posed to our customers. We expect to continue making investments into our research and development efforts, including remaining on the forefront of threat intelligence so that we can adapt our software platform to new technologies as well as to changes in existing technologies. It is our belief that our performance will be significantly dependent on our ability to adapt to the rapidly evolving threat landscape, and we believe that continued investment into our Taegis subscription solutions will contribute to our long-term revenue growth, while the costs of such investments may continue to adversely affect our prospects for near-term profitability. 
 
 27 

Introduction of New Security Solutions . Our performance is significantly dependent on our ability to continue to innovate and introduce new information security solutions, such as our Taegis solutions, that protect our customers from an expanding array of cybersecurity threats. We intend to continue to invest in security solutions innovation and leadership, including by hiring top technical talent and focusing on core technology innovation. In addition, we will continue to evaluate and utilize third-party proprietary technologies, where appropriate, for the continuous development of complementary offerings. We believe that our investment in security solutions development will increase the likelihood we will achieve long-term revenue growth, but this investment may continue to adversely affect our prospects for near-term profitability. 
 Investments in Expanding Our Customer Base. 
 Embracing our Partner Ecosystem . To support future sales, we expect to need to continue to devote resources to developing strategic partnerships with our channel partners, technology alliance partners, and system integrators. We have made, and plan to continue making, investments in both marketing and go-to-market efforts with our partners. These investments may not result in increasing revenue or improving our results of operations in the near term, although we do expect both will improve in the long term from these investments. 
 Deepening Our Customer Relationships. The continued growth of our business also depends in part on our ability to sell additional solutions to our existing customers. As our customers realize the benefits of the solutions they previously purchased, our portfolio of solutions provides us with a significant opportunity to expand these relationships. 
 Investment in Our People . The difficulty in providing effective information security is exacerbated by the highly competitive environment for identifying, hiring, and retaining qualified information security professionals. We believe our technology leadership, brand, exclusive focus on information security, customer-first culture, and robust training and development program enable us to attract and retain highly talented professionals with a passion for building a career in the information security industry. These professionals are led by a highly experienced and tenured management team with extensive IT security expertise and a record of developing successful new technologies and solutions to help protect our customers. We expect to continue to invest in attracting and retaining top talent to support and enhance our information security offerings. 
 Key Operating Metrics 
 We use certain operating metrics and our financial results to evaluate our performance and monitor the growth of our business. Relevant key operating metrics are presented below as of the dates indicated and for the fiscal periods then ended. 
 November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 Taegis subscription customer base 1,900 2,000 Total customer base 3,000 4,300 Taegis annual recurring revenue (in millions) 288.8 278.7 Total annual recurring revenue (in millions) 288.8 304.0 Taegis average subscription revenue per customer (in thousands) 154.0 139.1 Total average subscription revenue per customer (in thousands) 154.0 134.9 
 Taegis Subscription Customer Base. We define our Taegis subscription customer base as the number of customers who have a Taegis subscription agreement as of a particular date. 
 Total Customer Base. We define total customer base as the number of customers that subscribe to our Taegis solutions and managed security services and customers that buy professional services from us, as of a particular date. 
 Total Annual Recurring Revenue. We define total annual recurring revenue as of the measurement date. Changes to recurring revenue may result from the expansion of our offerings and sales of additional solutions to our existing customers, as well as the timing of customer renewals. 
 Total Average Subscription Revenue Per Customer . We define total average subscription revenue per customer as the average annual revenue per customer that subscribes to either our Taegis or other managed security subscription solutions, or both, as of the measurement date. Total average subscription revenue per customer is primarily driven by the persistence of cyber threats and the results of our sales and marketing efforts to increase the awareness of our solutions. Our customer composition of both enterprise and small and medium sized businesses provides us with an opportunity to expand our professional services revenue. As of each of November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023, approximately 46 of our professional services customers subscribed to our Taegis solutions or managed security services. 
 Net Revenue Retention Rate. Net revenue retention rate is an important measure of our success in retaining and growing revenue from our subscription-based customers. To calculate our revenue retention rate for any period, we compare the annual recurring revenue of our subscription-based customers at the beginning of the fiscal period, or base recurring revenue, to the same measure from that same cohort of customers at the end of the period, which we refer to as retained recurring revenue. By 
 28 

dividing the end-of-period retained recurring revenue by the base recurring revenue from the beginning of the period, we measure our success in retaining and growing installed revenue from the specific cohort of customers we served at the beginning of the period. Our calculation includes the positive revenue impacts of selling and installing additional solutions to this cohort of customers and the negative revenue impacts of customer attrition during the period. The calculation, however, does not include the positive impact on revenue from sales of solutions to any customers acquired during the period. 
 Our net revenue retention rate slightly decreased year-over-year as of November 1, 2024, reflecting the end-of-life transition of our non-strategic managed security services which was completed in fiscal 2025. Net revenue retention rates may increase or decline from period to period as a result of various factors, including the timing of solutions installations, customer renewal rates, and changes to solution offerings. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use supplemental measures of our performance, which are derived from our financial information, but which are not presented in our financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, referred to as GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures presented in this management s discussion and analysis include non-GAAP cost of revenue, non-GAAP Taegis Subscription Solutions cost of revenue, non-GAAP Managed Security Services cost of revenue, non-GAAP subscription cost of revenue, non-GAAP professional services cost of revenue, non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP Taegis Subscription Solutions gross profit, non-GAAP Managed Security Services gross profit, non-GAAP subscription gross profit, non-GAAP professional services gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP Taegis Subscription Solutions gross margin, non-GAAP Managed Security Services gross margin, non-GAAP subscription gross margin, non-GAAP professional services gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP research and development expenses, non-GAAP sales and marketing expenses, non-GAAP general and administrative expenses, non-GAAP operating income (loss), non-GAAP income (loss) before income taxes, non-GAAP income tax expense (benefit), non-GAAP net income (loss), non-GAAP earnings (loss) per share before income taxes, non-GAAP income tax expense (benefit) per share, non-GAAP earnings (loss) per share, weighted-average shares used in computing non-GAAP earnings (loss) per share, diluted, and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, merger-related costs and reorganization and other related charges, or adjusted EBITDA. We use non-GAAP financial measures to supplement financial information presented on a GAAP basis. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to help evaluate our financial performance and operating results by enhancing the overall understanding of our past performance, while allowing for increased transparency with respect to important metrics used by management for financial and operational decision-making and enabling more meaningful period-to-period comparisons and comparisons to our peers. Non-GAAP measures have been utilized as metrics used to determine variable compensation for employees. 
 There are, however, limitations to the use of the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this management s discussion and analysis. Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures we present, as defined by us, exclude the items described in the reconciliation below. As the excluded items can have a material impact on earnings, our management compensates for this limitation by relying primarily on GAAP results and using non-GAAP financial measures supplementally. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered as indicators of performance in isolation from, or as a substitute for, revenue, subscription revenue, professional services revenue, Taegis Subscription Solutions revenue, Managed Security Services revenue, gross profit, subscription gross profit, professional services gross profit, Taegis Subscription Solutions gross profit, Managed Security Services gross profit, cost of revenue, subscription cost of revenue, professional services cost of revenue, Taegis Subscription Solutions cost of revenue, Managed Security Services cost of revenue, operating expense, research and development expenses, sales and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses, gross margin, subscription gross margin, professional services gross margin, Taegis Subscription Solutions gross margin, Managed Security Services gross margin, operating income (loss), net income (loss), or earnings (loss) per share in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures should be read only in conjunction with financial information presented on a GAAP basis. 
 
 29 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The table below presents a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. We encourage you to review the reconciliations in conjunction with the presentation of the non-GAAP financial measures for each of the periods presented. In future fiscal periods, we may exclude such items and may incur income and expenses similar to these excluded items. Accordingly, the exclusion of these items and other similar items in our non-GAAP presentation should not be interpreted as implying that these items are non-recurring, infrequent or unusual. 
 The following is a summary of the items excluded from the most comparable GAAP financial measures to calculate our non-GAAP financial measures: 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets. Amortization of intangible assets consists of amortization associated with software development costs capitalized and acquired customer relationships and technology. In connection with the acquisition of Dell by Dell Technologies in fiscal 2014 and our acquisition of Delve Laboratories Inc. in fiscal 2021, our tangible and intangible assets and liabilities associated with customer relationships and technology were accounted for and recognized at fair value on the related transaction date. 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense. Non-cash, stock-based compensation expense relates to the Company s equity plan. We exclude such expense when assessing the effectiveness of our operating performance since stock-based compensation does not necessarily correlate with the underlying operating performance of the business. 
 Reorganization and other related charges. The aggregate adjustment for expenses associated with the Company s plan to align its investments more closely with its strategic priorities, as described in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 12 Reorganization and Other Related Costs. 
 Merger-related costs. Merger-related costs associated with the Company s pending acquisition by Sophos Inc. 
 30 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 (in thousands, except per share data) Revenue: Taegis Subscription Solutions 71,407 67,346 211,681 196,368 Managed Security Services 7,866 3,239 32,928 Total Subscription revenue 71,407 75,212 214,920 229,296 Professional services 11,326 14,152 35,647 47,429 Total revenue 82,733 89,364 250,567 276,725 GAAP gross profit 56,066 54,749 168,579 159,267 Amortization of intangibles 1,444 3,784 4,297 12,801 Stock-based compensation expense 926 711 2,296 1,713 Non-GAAP gross profit 58,436 59,244 175,172 173,781 GAAP Taegis Subscription Solutions gross profit 51,522 47,419 152,316 135,793 Amortization of intangibles 1,444 1,208 4,297 3,404 Stock-based compensation expense 485 313 1,102 561 Non-GAAP Taegis Subscription Solutions gross profit 53,451 48,940 157,715 139,758 GAAP Managed Security Services gross profit 1,807 837 6,414 Amortization of intangibles 2,576 9,397 Stock-based compensation expense 53 48 160 Non-GAAP Managed Security Services gross profit 4,436 885 15,971 GAAP operating loss (22,158) (19,253) (45,956) (96,767) Amortization of intangibles 1 
 4,968 7,308 14,868 23,372 Stock-based compensation expense 2 
 11,451 9,962 28,992 24,852 Reorganization and other related charges 1,476 14,232 Merger-related costs 3 
 6,487 6,487 Non-GAAP operating income (loss) 748 (1,983) 5,867 (34,311) GAAP net loss (27,501) (14,421) (78,306) (77,750) Income tax expense (benefit) 4,860 (4,148) 31,789 (20,715) Amortization of intangibles 1 
 4,968 7,308 14,868 23,372 Stock-based compensation expense 2 
 11,451 9,962 28,992 24,852 Reorganization and other related charges 1,476 14,232 Merger-related costs 3 
 6,487 6,487 Non-GAAP income (loss) before income taxes 265 (1,299) 5,306 (36,009) Non-GAAP income tax expense (benefit) 4 
 62 (1,292) 1,247 (10,246) Non-GAAP net income (loss) 203 (7) 4,059 (25,763) GAAP loss per share (0.31) (0.17) (0.89) (0.90) Income tax expense (benefit) 0.05 (0.05) 0.36 (0.24) Amortization of intangibles 0.06 0.08 0.17 0.27 Stock-based compensation expense 0.13 0.12 0.33 0.29 Reorganization and other related charges 0.02 0.17 Merger-related costs 0.07 0.07 Non-GAAP earnings (loss) per share before income taxes 0.00 (0.02) 0.06 (0.42) Non-GAAP income tax expense (benefit) 0.00 (0.02) 0.01 (0.12) Non-GAAP earnings (loss) per share 0.00 0.00 0.05 (0.30) Weighted-average shares used in computing non-GAAP earnings (loss) per share, diluted 91,199 86,278 90,418 85,943 Sum of reconciling items may differ from total due to rounding of individual components 
 31 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 (in thousands, except per share data) GAAP net loss (27,501) (14,421) (78,306) (77,750) Interest and other, net 483 (684) 561 1,698 Income tax expense (benefit) 4,860 (4,148) 31,789 (20,715) Depreciation and amortization 5,651 8,067 17,065 26,028 Stock-based compensation expense 11,451 9,962 28,992 24,852 Reorganization and other related charges 1,476 14,232 Merger-related costs 6,487 6,487 Adjusted EBITDA 1,431 (1,224) 8,064 (31,655) 1 Includes amortization of intangibles as follows: 
 Cost of revenue 1,444 3,784 4,297 12,801 General and administrative 3,524 3,524 10,571 10,571 2 Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 Cost of revenue 926 711 2,296 1,713 Research and development 3,771 3,794 9,919 9,077 Sales and marketing 1,902 836 4,564 2,774 General and administrative 4,852 4,621 12,213 11,288 3 Includes merger-related costs as follows: 
 General and administrative 6,487 6,487 4 In periods in which the Company has non-GAAP income before tax, the non-GAAP income tax expense is based on the Company's estimated blended tax rate. In periods the Company has non-GAAP loss before tax, the non-GAAP income tax benefit is based on GAAP tax benefit. 

32 

Our Relationship with Dell and Dell Technologies 
 On April 27, 2016, we completed our IPO. Upon the closing of our IPO, Dell Technologies owned, indirectly through Dell Inc. and Dell Inc. s subsidiaries, all shares of our outstanding Class B common stock, which as of November 1, 2024 represented approximately 78.7 of our total outstanding shares of common stock and approximately 97.4 of the combined voting power of both classes of our outstanding common stock. In early March 2024, Dell s economic ownership of the Company dropped below 80 . As a result, we no longer qualify for inclusion in Dell Technologies U.S. federal income tax return and most U.S. state jurisdictions. For more information, see Notes to Consolidated Financial Statemen ts Note 9 I ncome and Other Taxes in our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 As a majority-owned subsidiary of Dell, we receive from Dell various corporate services in the ordinary course of business, including certain finance, tax, human resources, legal, insurance, IT, procurement, and facilities-related services. The costs of these services have been charged in accordance with a shared services agreement, as amended or amended and restated, in part, from time to time, that went into effect on August 1, 2015, which is the effective date of our carve-out from Dell. For more information regarding the allocated costs and related party transactions, see Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 10 Related Party Transactions in our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 Additionally, we participate in various commercial arrangements with Dell, under which we, for example, provide information security solutions to third-party customers with whom Dell has contracted with to provide our solutions, procure hardware, software, and services from Dell, and sell our solutions through Dell in the United States and some international jurisdictions. In connection with our IPO, effective August 1, 2015, we entered into agreements with Dell that govern these commercial arrangements. In general, these agreements were initially effective for up to one to three years and include extension and cancellation options. To the extent that we choose, or are required to transition away from the corporate services currently provided by Dell, we may incur additional non-recurring transition costs to establish our own stand-alone corporate functions. For more information regarding the allocated costs and related party transactions, see Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 10 Related Party Transactions in our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 33 

Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue from the sales of our subscriptions and professional services. 
 Subscription Revenue. Subscription revenue primarily consists of subscription fees derived from our Taegis solutions. Taegis core offerings are the security platform, Taegis XDR, and our supplemental MDR service, ManagedXDR. Managed Security Services are other subscription-based arrangements pursuant to which we derive revenue from our non-strategic suite of security services utilizing our legacy platform. During the third quarter of fiscal 2025, we did not derive any subscription revenue from Managed Security Services. Our subscription contracts typically range from one to three years. The revenue and any related costs for these deliverables are recognized ratably over the contractual term, beginning on the date when the tenant is made available to customers. 
 Professional Services Revenue. Professional services revenue consists primarily of incident response solutions and adversarial testing services. Professional services engagements are typically purchased as fixed-fee and retainer-based contracts. Professional services customers typically purchase solutions pursuant to customized contracts that are shorter in duration. Revenue from these engagements is recognized under the proportional performance method of accounting. Revenue from time- and materials-based contracts is recognized as costs are incurred at amounts represented by the agreed-upon billing rates. In general, these contracts have terms of less than one year. 
 The fees we charge for our solutions vary based on a number of factors, including the solutions selected, the number of customer devices covered by the selected solutions, and the level of management we provide for the solutions. In the third quarter of fiscal 2025, approximately 86 of our revenue was derived from subscription-based arrangements, while approximately 14 was derived from professional services engagements. As we respond to the evolving needs of our customers, the relative mix of subscription-based solutions and professional services we provide our customers may fluctuate. International revenue, which we define as revenue contracted through non-U.S. entities, represented approximately 41 and 37 of our total net revenue in the third quarter fiscal 2025 and the third quarter fiscal 2024, respectively. 
 Over each period presented in this report, our pricing strategy for our various offerings was relatively consistent and did not significantly affect our revenue growth. We may, however, adjust our pricing to remain competitive and support our strategic initiatives. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Our cost of revenue consists of costs incurred to provide subscription and professional services. 
 Cost of Subscription Revenue. Cost of subscription revenue consists primarily of personnel-related expenses associated with maintaining our platforms, delivering managed services to our subscription customers, and hosting these platforms. Personnel-related expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits, and performance-based compensation. Also included in cost of subscription revenue is amortization of equipment and costs associated with hardware utilized as part of providing subscription services, amortization of technology licensing fees, amortization of intangible assets, amortization of software development costs capitalized, maintenance fees, and overhead allocations. As our business grows, the cost of subscription revenue associated with our solutions may fluctuate. 
 Cost of Professional Services. Cost of professional services revenue consists primarily of personnel-related expenses, such as salaries, benefits, and performance-based compensation. Cost of professional services revenue also includes fees paid to contractors who supplement or support our solutions, maintenance fees, and overhead allocations. As our business grows, the cost of professional services revenue associated with our solutions may fluctuate. 
 Gross Profit and Margin 
 Gross margin, or gross profit as a percentage of revenue, has been and will continue to be affected by a number of factors, including the mix between our existing solutions, introduction of new solutions, personnel-related costs, and cloud hosting costs. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate depending on these factors; however, we expect them to increase over time with expected growth and a higher mix of Taegis subscription solutions revenue compared to managed security services and professional services revenue. 
 34 

Operating Costs and Expenses 
 Our operating costs and expenses consist of research and development expenses, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses. 
 Research and Development, or R D, Expenses. Research and development expenses include compensation and related expenses for the continued development of our solutions offerings, including a portion of costs related to our threat research team, which focuses on the identification of system vulnerabilities, data forensics, and malware analysis. R D expenses also encompass expenses related to the development of prototypes of new solutions offerings and allocated overhead. Our customer solutions have generally been developed internally. We operate in a competitive and highly technical industry; therefore, to maintain and extend our technology leadership, we intend to continue to invest in our R D efforts by hiring more personnel to enhance our existing security solutions and add complementary solutions. 
 Sales and Marketing, or S M, Expenses. Sales and marketing expenses include salaries, sales commissions, and performance-based compensation benefits and related expenses for our S M personnel, travel and entertainment, marketing and advertising programs (including lead generation), customer advocacy events, and other brand-building expenses, as well as allocated overhead. 
 General and Administrative, or G A, Expenses. General and administrative expenses primarily include the costs of human resources and recruiting, finance and accounting, legal support, information management and information security systems, facilities management, corporate development, and other administrative functions, and are partially offset by allocations of information technology and facilities costs to other functions. 
 Reorganization and other related charges. Reorganization and other related charges consist primarily of severance and other termination benefits and real estate-related expenses, as described in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 12 Reorganization and Other Related Costs. 
 Interest and Other, Net 
 Interest and other, net consists primarily of the effect of exchange rates on our foreign currency-denominated asset and liability balances and interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents. All foreign currency transaction adjustments are recorded as foreign currency gains (losses) in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. To date, we have had minimal interest income. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 Income tax expense (benefit) consists of domestic and foreign income taxes. We maintain a valuation allowance for federal and certain state deferred tax assets. Based on our history of losses, we expect to maintain the full valuation allowance for the foreseeable future as it is more likely than not that some or all of those deferred tax assets may not be realized. 
 For a further discussion of income tax matters, see Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 9 Income and Other Taxes in our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 35 

Results of Operations 
 Three and nine months ended November 1, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended November 3, 2023 
 The following tables summarize our key performance indicators for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 of Revenue of Revenue of Revenue of Revenue (in thousands, except percentages) Net revenue: Subscription 71,407 86.3 75,212 84.2 214,920 85.8 229,296 82.9 Professional Services 11,326 13.7 14,152 15.8 35,647 14.2 47,429 17.1 Total net revenue 82,733 100.0 89,364 100.0 250,567 100.0 276,725 100.0 Cost of revenue: Subscription 19,885 27.8 25,986 34.6 61,767 28.7 87,089 38.0 Professional Services 6,782 59.9 8,629 61.0 20,221 56.7 30,369 64.0 Total cost of revenue 26,667 32.2 34,615 38.7 81,988 32.7 117,458 42.4 Total gross profit 56,066 67.8 54,749 61.3 168,579 67.3 159,267 57.6 Operating expenses: Research and development 24,344 29.4 26,358 29.5 71,696 28.6 85,766 31.0 Sales and marketing 26,090 31.5 27,079 30.3 74,503 29.7 92,842 33.6 General and administrative 27,790 33.6 20,565 23.0 66,860 26.7 63,194 22.8 Reorganization and other related charges 1,476 0.6 14,232 5.1 Total operating expenses 78,224 94.5 74,002 82.8 214,535 85.6 256,034 92.5 Operating loss (22,158) (26.8) (19,253) (21.5) (45,956) (18.3) (96,767) (35.0) Net loss (27,501) (33.2) (14,421) (16.1) (78,306) (31.3) (77,750) (28.1) Other Financial Information (1) 
 Non-GAAP cost of revenue: Non-GAAP Subscription 17,956 25.1 21,836 29.0 56,320 26.2 73,567 32.1 Non-GAAP Professional Services 6,341 56.0 8,285 58.5 19,075 53.5 29,378 61.9 Total Non-GAAP cost of revenue 24,297 29.4 30,120 33.7 75,395 30.1 102,944 37.2 Non-GAAP gross profit 58,436 70.6 59,244 66.3 175,172 69.9 173,781 62.8 Non-GAAP operating expenses: Non-GAAP research and development 20,573 24.9 22,564 25.2 61,777 24.7 76,689 27.7 Non-GAAP sales and marketing 24,188 29.2 26,243 29.4 69,939 27.9 90,068 32.5 Non-GAAP general and administrative 12,927 15.6 12,420 13.9 37,589 15.0 41,335 14.9 Non-GAAP operating expenses 57,688 69.7 61,227 68.5 169,305 67.6 208,092 75.2 Non-GAAP operating income (loss) 748 0.9 (1,983) (2.2) 5,867 2.3 (34,311) (12.4) Non-GAAP net income (loss) 203 0.2 (7) 4,059 1.6 (25,763) (9.3) Adjusted EBITDA 1,431 1.7 (1,224) (1.4) 8,064 3.2 (31,655) (11.4) 
 
 (1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures for more information about these non-GAAP financial measures, including our reasons for including the measures, material limitations with respect to the usefulness of the measures, and a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to the most dire ctly comparable GAAP financial measure. Non-GAAP financial measures as a percentage of revenue are calculated based on total net revenue, except for non-GAAP subscription cost of revenue and non-GAAP professional services cost of revenue measures, which are calculated based on subscription net revenue and professional services net revenue, respectively. 
 36 

Revenue 
 The following table presents information regarding our net revenue for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023. 
 Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) Net revenue: Taegis Subscription Solutions 71,407 67,346 4,061 6.0 211,681 196,368 15,313 7.8 Managed Security Services 7,866 (7,866) (100.0) 3,239 32,928 (29,689) (90.2) Total Subscription revenue 71,407 75,212 (3,805) (5.1) 214,920 229,296 (14,376) (6.3) Professional services 11,326 14,152 (2,826) (20.0) 35,647 47,429 (11,782) (24.8) Total net revenue 82,733 89,364 (6,631) (7.4) 250,567 276,725 (26,158) (9.5) 
 Subscription Revenue. For the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, s ubscription revenue decreased 3.8 million, or 5.1 , and 14.4 million, or 6.3 , respectively. The revenue decrease during the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024 reflects the completed exit from our non-strategic Managed Security Services offerings and our continued prioritization of growth to our Taegis Subscription Solutions . 
 Professional Services Revenue. For the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, professional services revenue decreased 2.8 million, or 20.0 , and 11.8 million, or 24.8 , respectively. The revenue decrease reflects both our focus on reducing non-strategic professional service offerings and an overall decrease of billable hours when compared with fiscal 2024 periods. 
 For the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, international revenue, which we define as revenue contracted through non-U.S. entities represented 41 and 40 of total revenue, respectively. For both the three and nine months ended November 3, 2023, international revenue represented 37 of total revenue, respectively . Currently, our international customers are primarily located in Japan, Australia, the United Kingdom, and Canada. We are focused on continuing to grow our international customer base in future periods. 
 The Company recognized an immaterial amount of revenue for services provided to or on behalf of Dell under our commercial agreements with Dell. For more information regarding the commercial agreements, see Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 10 Related Party Transactions in our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 37 

Cost of Revenue 
 The following table presents information regarding our cost of revenue for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023. 
 Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of revenue: Taegis Subscription Solutions 19,885 19,927 (42) (0.2) 59,365 60,575 (1,210) (2.0) Managed Security Services 6,059 (6,059) (100.0) 2,402 26,514 (24,112) (90.9) Total subscription cost of revenue 19,885 25,986 (6,101) (23.5) 61,767 87,089 (25,322) (29.1) Professional Services cost of revenue 6,782 8,629 (1,847) (21.4) 20,221 30,369 (10,148) (33.4) Total cost of revenue 26,667 34,615 (7,948) (23.0) 81,988 117,458 (35,470) (30.2) Other Financial Information (1) 
 Non-GAAP cost of revenue: Taegis Subscription Solutions 17,956 18,406 (450) (2.4) 53,966 56,610 (2,644) (4.7) Managed Security Services 3,430 (3,430) (100.0) 2,354 16,957 (14,603) (86.1) Total non-GAAP subscription 17,956 21,836 (3,880) (17.8) 56,320 73,567 (17,247) (23.4) Non-GAAP Professional Services 6,341 8,285 (1,944) (23.5) 19,075 29,378 (10,303) (35.1) Total Non-GAAP cost of revenue 24,297 30,120 (5,823) (19.3) 75,395 102,944 (27,549) (26.8) 
 
 (1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 Subscription Cost of Revenue. For the three months ended November 1, 2024, subscription cost of revenue decreased 6.1 million, or 23.5 . As a percentage of revenue, subscription cost of revenue decreased 680 basis points to 27.8 . On a non-GAAP basis, subscription cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased 390 basis points to 25.1 . The decrease in subscription cost of revenue was primarily attributable to lower vendor costs and lower employee-related expenses to support our subscription offerings. The decrease in subscription cost of revenue also reflects the completed exit from our non-strategic Managed Security Services offerings and our continued prioritization of our higher margin Taegis subscription solutions, which represents all of our subscription revenue for the three months ended November 1, 2024. 
 For the nine months ended November 1, 2024, subscription cost of revenue decreased 25.3 million, or 29.1 . As a percentage of revenue, subscription cost of revenue decreased 930 basis points to 28.7 . On a non-GAAP basis, subscription cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased 590 basis points to 26.2 . The decrease in subscription cost of revenue was primarily attributable to lower vendor costs and lower employee-related expenses to support our subscription offerings. Those costs are lower as a percentage of revenue because our higher margin Taegis subscription solutions represented most of subscription revenue. 
 Professional Services Cost of Revenue. For the three months ended November 1, 2024, professional services cost of revenue decreased 1.8 million, or 21.4 . As a percentage of revenue, professional services cost of revenue decreased 110 basis points to 59.9 . On a non-GAAP basis, professional services cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased 250 basis points to 56.0 . The decrease in professional services cost of revenue was primarily attributable to lower employee-related expenses associated with the reduction of non-strategic professional services offerings. 
 For the nine months ended November 1, 2024, professional services cost of revenue decreased 10.1 million, or 33.4 . As a percentage of revenue, professional services cost of revenue decreased 730 basis points to 56.7 . On a non-GAAP basis, professional services cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased 840 basis points to 53.5 . The decrease in professional services cost of revenue was primarily attributable to lower employee-related expenses associated with the reduction of non-strategic professional service offerings. 
 38 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 The following table presents information regarding our gross profit and gross margin for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023. Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) Gross Profit: Taegis Subscription Solutions 51,522 47,419 4,103 8.7 152,316 135,793 16,523 12.2 Managed Security Services 1,807 (1,807) (100.0) 837 6,414 (5,577) (87.0) Total Subscription 51,522 49,226 2,296 4.7 153,153 142,207 10,946 7.7 Professional Services 4,544 5,523 (979) (17.7) 15,426 17,060 (1,634) (9.6) Total Gross Profit 56,066 54,749 1,317 2.4 168,579 159,267 9,312 5.8 Gross Margin: Taegis Subscription Solutions 72.2 70.4 1.8 72.0 69.2 2.8 Managed Security Services 23.0 (23.0) 25.8 19.5 6.3 Total Subscription 72.2 65.4 6.8 71.3 62.0 9.3 Professional Services 40.1 39.0 1.1 43.3 36.0 7.3 Total Gross Margin 67.8 61.3 6.5 67.3 57.6 9.7 Other Financial Information (1) 
 Non-GAAP Gross Profit: Taegis Subscription Solutions 53,451 48,940 4,511 9.2 157,715 139,758 17,957 12.8 Managed Security Services 4,436 (4,436) (100.0) 885 15,971 (15,086) (94.5) Total Non-GAAP Subscription 53,451 53,376 75 0.1 158,600 155,729 2,871 1.8 Non-GAAP Professional Services 4,985 5,867 (882) (15.0) 16,572 18,051 (1,479) (8.2) Total Non-GAAP Gross Profit 58,436 59,244 (808) (1.4) 175,172 173,781 1,391 0.8 Non-GAAP Gross Margin: Taegis Subscription Solutions 74.9 72.7 2.2 74.5 71.2 3.3 Managed Security Services 56.4 (56.4) 27.3 48.5 (21.2) Total Non-GAAP Subscription 74.9 71.0 3.9 73.8 67.9 5.9 Non-GAAP Professional Services 44.0 41.5 2.5 46.5 38.1 8.4 Total Non-GAAP Gross Margin 70.6 66.3 4.3 69.9 62.8 7.1 
 
 (1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 Subscription Gross Margin. Subscription gross margin increased 6.8 and 9.3 for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, respectively. The increase in subscription gross margin is primarily attributable to lower vendor costs as we continue to scale the delivery of our Taegis Subscription Solutions. For the three months ended November 1, 2024, the increase in subscription gross margin is also attributable to the completed exit from our non-strategic Managed Security Services offerings. 
 Subscription gross margin on a GAAP basis includes amortization of intangible assets and stock-based compensation expense. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding these adjustments, gross margin increased 3.9 and 5.9 for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, respectively. 
 Professional Services Gross Margin . Professional services gross margin increased 1.1 and 7.3 for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, respectively. We expect professional services gross margin to fluctuate due to the timing of the revenue and related expense reductions associated with the reduction of our non-strategic professional services offerings. 
 Professional services gross margin on a GAAP basis includes stock-based compensation expense. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding this adjustment, gross margin increased 2.5 and 8.4 for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, respectively. 
 39 

Operating Expenses 
 The following table presents information regarding our operating expenses during the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023. Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) Operating expenses: Research and development 24,344 26,358 (2,014) (7.6) 71,696 85,766 (14,070) (16.4) Sales and marketing 26,090 27,079 (989) (3.7) 74,503 92,842 (18,339) (19.8) General and administrative 27,790 20,565 7,225 35.1 66,860 63,194 3,666 5.8 Reorganization and other related charges 1,476 14,232 (12,756) (89.6) Total operating expenses 78,224 74,002 4,222 5.7 214,535 256,034 (41,499) (16.2) Other Financial Information (1) 
 Non-GAAP research and development 20,573 22,564 (1,991) (8.8) 61,777 76,689 (14,912) (19.4) Non-GAAP sales and marketing 24,188 26,243 (2,055) (7.8) 69,939 90,068 (20,129) (22.3) Non-GAAP general and administrative 12,927 12,420 507 4.1 37,589 41,335 (3,746) (9.1) Non-GAAP operating expenses 57,688 61,227 (3,539) (5.8) 169,305 208,092 (38,787) (18.6) 
 
 (1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 Research and Development Expenses. For the three months ended November 1, 2024, R D expenses decreased 2.0 million, or 7.6 . As a percentage of revenue, R D expenses decreased 10 basis points to 29.4 and, on a non-GAAP basis, R D expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased 30 basis points to 24.9 . The decrease in R D expenses was primarily attributable to lower employee-related expenses and lower professional services and consulting-related costs. 
 For the nine months ended November 1, 2024, R D expenses decreased 14.1 million, or 16.4 . As a percentage of revenue, R D expenses decreased 240 basis points to 28.6 and on a non-GAAP basis, R D expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased 300 basis points to 24.7 . The decrease in R D expenses was primarily attributable to lower employee-related expenses, and lower professional services and consulting-related costs. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses . For the three months ended November 1, 2024, S M expenses decreased 1.0 million, or 3.7 . As a percentage of revenue, S M expenses increased 120 basis points to 31.5 and, on a non-GAAP basis, S M expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased 20 basis points to 29.2 . The decrease in S M expenses was primarily attributable to a decrease in marketing and advertising vendor costs and lower employee-related expenses. 
 For the nine months ended November 1, 2024, S M expenses decreased 18.3 million, or 19.8 . As a percentage of revenue, S M expenses decreased 390 basis points to 29.7 , and on a non-GAAP basis, S M expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased 460 basis points to 27.9 . The decrease in S M expenses was primarily attributable to a decrease in marketing and advertising vendor costs as well as lower employee-related expenses. 
 General and Administrative Expenses . For the three months ended November 1, 2024, G A expenses increased 7.2 million, or 35.1 . As a percentage of revenue, G A expenses increased 1,060 basis points to 33.6 , and on a non-GAAP basis, G A expenses as a percentage of revenue increased 170 basis points to 15.6 . The increase in G A expenses were primarily attributable to merger-related costs incurred in connection with our pending acquisition by Sophos Inc. 
 For the nine months ended November 1, 2024, G A expenses increased 3.7 million, or 5.8 . As a percentage of revenue, G A expenses increased 390 basis points to 26.7 . On a non-GAAP basis, G A expenses as a percentage of revenue increased 10 basis points to 15.0 . The increase in G A expenses was primarily attributable to merger-related costs incurred in connection with our pending acquisition by Sophos Inc. 
 Reorganization and other related charges. During the nine months ended November 1, 2024, the Company incurred expenses of 1.5 million associated with its reorganization plan, consisting primarily of severance and other termination benefits. 
 40 

Operating Loss 
 Our operating loss for the three months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023 was 22.2 million and 19.3 million, respectively. As a percentage of revenue, our operating loss was 26.8 and 21.5 for the three months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023, respectively. The increase in our operating loss was primarily attributable to higher operating expenses driven by merger-related costs incurred in the period, partially offset by increased gross margins driven by our Taegis solutions. 
 Our operating loss for the nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023 was 46.0 million and 96.8 million, respectively. As a percentage of revenue, our operating loss was 18.3 and 35.0 for the nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023, respectively. The decrease in our operating loss was primarily attributable to a decrease in operating expenses and an increase in gross margins driven by our Taegis solutions. 
 Operating loss on a GAAP basis includes amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, merger-related costs, and reorganization related costs. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding these adjustments, our non-GAAP operating income was 0.7 million and 5.9 million for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, respectively, compared to non-GAAP operating loss of 2.0 million and 34.3 million for the three and nine months ended November 3, 2023, respectively. 
 Interest and Other, Net 
 Interest and other, net represented expense of 0.5 million and 0.6 million for the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, respectively, compared with net income of 0.7 million for the three months ended November 3, 2023 and net expense of 1.7 million for the nine months ended November 3, 2023. The change primarily reflects the effects of foreign currency transactions and related exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 Our income tax expense was 4.9 million, or (21.5) , and 31.8 million, or (68.3) , of our pre-tax loss during the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024, respectively. Our income tax benefit was 4.1 million, or 22.3 , and 20.7 million, or 21.0 , of our pre-tax loss during the three and nine months ended November 3, 2023, respectively. The change in the effective tax rate was primarily attributable to the recording of a valuation allowance due to the tax deconsolidation from Dell during the three months ended May 3, 2024. Additionally, the change in the effective tax rate was driven by the impact of certain non-recurring discrete tax adjustments. 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 Our net loss of 27.5 million increased 13.1 million, or 90.7 , for the three months ended November 1, 2024 compared to the three months ended November 3, 2023. The increase in our net loss was primarily attributable to income tax expense incurred during the period, compared to an income tax benefit in the prior year, as well as higher operating expenses driven by merger-related costs incurred in the period. 
 Our net loss of 78.3 million increased 0.6 million, or 0.7 , for the nine months ended November 1, 2024 compared to the nine months ended November 3, 2023. This increase was primarily attributable to the impact of income tax expense associated with the tax deconsolidation from Dell during the three months ended May 3, 2024. 
 Net income on a non-GAAP basis for the three months ended November 1, 2024 was 0.2 million compared to non-GAAP net loss of 7 thousand for the three months ended November 3, 2023. For the nine months ended November 1, 2024, non-GAAP net income was 4.1 million compared to non-GAAP net loss of 25.8 million for the nine months ended November 3, 2023. 

41 

Liquidity and Capital Commitments 
 Overview 
 As of November 1, 2024, we have 53.1 million of cash and cash equivalents. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents and access to the revolving credit facility with Dell, described below, provides us with sufficient liquidity to meet our cash requirements, including to fund our business and meet our obligations for at least 12 months from the filing date of this report and for the foreseeable future thereafter. 
 As of the balance sheet date, we have reported a deficit in working capital. This deficit in working capital represents an excess of our current liabilities over our current assets and is primarily the result of the significant balance of deferred revenue, reported as a current liability, as of the balance sheet date. We have, in recent periods, incurred losses from operations and operating cash outflows. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, our rate of revenue growth, the timing and extent of our expansion into new markets, the timing of introductions of new functionalities and enhancements to our solutions, potential acquisitions of complementary businesses and technologies, continuing market acceptance of our solutions, and general economic and market conditions. 
 We expect our recent reorganization actions to result in significant cost savings as we focus on driving growth through our higher value, higher margin Taegis solutions. We believe these efforts will optimize our organizational structure and increase scalability to better position us for growth with improving operating margins over time. 
 In the event that our financial results are below our expectations, which may result from the factors mentioned above or other factors, we may need to take additional actions to preserve existing cash reserves. To the extent we undertake future material acquisitions, investments, or unanticipated capital or operating expenditures, we may require additional capital or need to incur indebtedness. In this context, we regularly evaluate opportunities to enhance our capital structure. In addition to our 50 million revolving credit facility, sources of financing may include arrangements with unaffiliated third parties. The timing, term, size, and pricing of any such financing will depend on investor interest and market conditions, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such financing on favorable terms or at all. During the period prior to the closing of the Merger and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, we are subject to certain contractual restrictions that limit our ability to take certain actions, including our ability to undertake acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures or to incur indebtedness, subject to certain exceptions. 
 Selected Measures of Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity, consisting of cash and cash equivalents, are set forth below as of the dates indicated. 
 November 1, 2024 February 2, 2024 (in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 53,088 68,655 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 SecureWorks, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary, is party to a revolving credit agreement with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Inc. under which we obtained a 50 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility. Effective September 6, 2023, the revolving credit agreement was amended and restated to (1) increase the maximum principal amount of borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility to 50 million, (2) remove the one-time increase of up to an additional 30 million in borrowings upon mutual agreement by the lender and borrower, (3) extend the commitment and required repayment date under the revolving credit agreement to March 23, 2026, and (4) modify the rate at which interest accrues on funds drawn against the revolving credit agreement to SOFR plus 2.00 . During the period prior to the closing of the Merger and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, we are subject to certain contractual restrictions that limit our ability to incur indebtedness (including under the revolving credit facility), subject to certain exceptions. 
 Amounts under the facility may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed from time to time during the term of the facility. The proceeds from loans made under the facility may be used for general corporate purposes. The credit agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants, and events of default. The unused portion of the facility is subject to a commitment fee of 0.35 , which is due upon expiration of the facility. There was no outstanding balance under the facility as of November 1, 2024 or as of February 2, 2024, and we did not borrow any amounts under the facility during any period covered by this report. 
 42 

The borrower will be required to repay, in full, all of the loans outstanding, including all accrued interest, and the facility will terminate upon a change of control of SecureWorks Corp. or following a transaction in which SecureWorks, Inc. ceases to be a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SecureWorks Corp. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, any obligations incurred under the revolving credit facility will be repaid in full at the Effective Time. The facility is not guaranteed by us or our subsidiaries. 
 For more information regarding the facility, see Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 5 Debt in our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended November 1, 2024 November 3, 2023 (in thousands) Net change in cash from: Operating activities (453) (69,907) Investing activities (6,451) (4,981) Financing activities (7,305) (5,947) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (1,358) (4,577) Change in cash and cash equivalents (15,567) (85,412) 
 Operating Activities Cash used in operating activities totaled 0.5 million and 69.9 million for the nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023, respectively. The decreased use of our operating cash aligns with our decreased operating loss when compared to the same period in fiscal 2024. 
 Investing Activities Cash used in investing activities totaled 6.5 million for the nine months ended November 1, 2024 and 5.0 million for the nine months ended November 3, 2023. Investing activities consisted primarily of capitalized expenses related to the development of our Taegis security platform and applications, which increased 0.8 million when compared to the same period in fiscal 2024. 
 Financing Activities Cash used in financing activities totaled 7.3 million and 5.9 million for the nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023, respectively. The use of cash for the nine months ended November 1, 2024 reflected employee tax withholding payments on restricted stock awards paid by us of 7.3 million and 5.9 million for the nine months ended November 1, 2024 and November 3, 2023, respectively. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of November 1, 2024, we were not subject to any obligations pursuant to any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for interim financial information and the requirements of the SEC. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and disclosures required by GAAP for a complete financial statement presentation. The year-end condensed balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. In the opinion of management, all adjustments consisting of normal recurring accruals and disclosures considered necessary for a fair interim presentation have been included. All inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 As described in Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1 Description of the Business and Basis of Presentation in our consolidated financial statements included in this report, management assessed the critical accounting policies as disclosed in our Annual Report and determined that there were no changes to our critical accounting policies or to our estimates associated with those policies during the three and nine months ended November 1, 2024. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1 Description of the Business and Basis of Presentation in our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report for a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements and our expectation of their impact, if any, on our financial statements. 
 43 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our results of operations and cash flows have been and will continue to be subject to fluctuations because of changes in global inflation and foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the Euro, the British Pound, the Romanian Leu, the Japanese Yen, the Australian Dollar, the Indian Rupee and the Canadian Dollar, the currencies of countries where we currently have our most significant international operations. Our expenses in international locations are generally denominated in the currencies of the countries in which our operations are located. 
 As our international operations grow, we may begin using foreign exchange forward contracts to partially mitigate the impact of fluctuations in net monetary assets denominated in foreign currencies. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined below under SEC rules, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their cost. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Securities Exchange of 1934, or Exchange Act) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 In connection with the preparation of this report, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of November 1, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of November 1, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures which (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets, (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, (c) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorization of management and the board of directors, and (d) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended November 1, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

44 

Part II. Other Information 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We have discussed risks affecting us under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, which was filed with the SEC on March 22, 2024. The risks described in our Annual Report are not the only risks facing us. There are additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial that may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results . 
 Risks Related to the Proposed Merger 
 The Merger may not be completed within the intended timeframe, or at all, and the failure to complete the Merger could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 The Merger Agreement contains a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to the completion of the merger transaction, or Merger, including (i) the Company receiving the Written Consent (as defined below) (which has been satisfied, as described below), (ii) (a) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended and (b) the clearance or approval under certain specified antitrust laws and foreign investment laws, (iii) the absence of any governmental authority of competent authority in certain specified jurisdictions issuing any order or other legal restraint that makes consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibited, (iv) at least 20 calendar days have elapsed since the Company s mailing to the Company s stockholders of the information statement on Schedule 14C, and (v) the absence of any Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) since the date of the Merger Agreement that has occurred that is continuing. 
 Following the execution of the Merger Agreement, on October 21, 2024, Dell Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, who, as of October 21, 2024 indirectly held approximately 97.4 of the combined voting power of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock executed and delivered to the Company a written consent, or Written Consent, approving and adopting the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated therein, including the Merger. As a result of the execution and delivery of the Written Consent, the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock with the right to vote thereon have adopted and approved the Merger Agreement. The delivery of the Written Consent constituted the necessary approvals of stockholders for the approval of the Merger, subject to the other conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement. 
 Any such remaining required consents and approvals may not be received at all, may not be received in a timely fashion, or may impose conditions on the completion of the Merger. We cannot assure that all of the conditions in the Merger Agreement will be satisfied or waived on a timely basis or at all. If the conditions in the Merger Agreement are not satisfied or waived on a timely basis or at all, we may be unable to complete the Merger in the timeframe or manner currently anticipated or at all. 
 If the Merger is delayed or not completed without realizing any of the benefits, we may be subject to a number of risks, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 the market price of our Class A common stock could decline to the extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that the Merger will be completed; 
 the commitments of management s time and resources to the Merger could otherwise have been devoted to pursuing other beneficial opportunities for the Company; 
 we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets or from our clients, business partners or employees; 
 disruptions to our business, including adverse changes in our relationships with clients, suppliers, partners and employees, may occur; 
 we may be unable to attract and retain key personnel and recruit prospective employees, and the productivity of our employees may decline due to uncertainty regarding the Merger; 
 we may be unable to pursue alternative business opportunities or make changes to our business pending the completion of the Merger; 
 we have incurred, and expect to continue incurring, significant costs, expenses, and fees for professional services and other Merger-related costs, for which we may receive little or no benefit if the Merger is not completed, and many of these fees and costs will be payable by us even if the Merger is not completed; and 
 we may be required, if the Merger Agreement is terminated in certain limited circumstances, to pay a termination fee of 26 million as provided in the Merger Agreement, which would require us to use cash that would have otherwise been available for general corporate purposes or other uses. 
 If any of these or other risks materialize, they could adversely impact our ongoing business, financial condition, financial results and the price of our Class A common stock. 
 45 

Shareholder litigation could prevent or delay the closing of the Merger or otherwise negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Litigation relating to the Merger may be filed against the Company and the board of directors. Among other remedies, claimants could seek damages and/or to enjoin the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The outcome of any litigation is uncertain and any such lawsuits could prevent or delay the completion of the Merger and result in significant costs. The litigation costs, including costs associated with the indemnification of obligations to our directors, and diversion of management s attention and resources to address the claims in any litigation related to the Merger may adversely affect our business, results of operations, prospects, and financial condition. Any litigation related to the Merger may result in negative publicity or an unfavorable impression of us, which could adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock, impair our ability to recruit or retain employees, damage our relationships with our customers and business partners, or otherwise harm our operations and financial performance. 
 46 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Secureworks hereby files or furnishes the following exhibits: 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 21, 2024, by and among Sophos Inc., Project Green Merger Sub, Inc. and SecureWorks Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1. to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 
 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Furnished herewith. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document, which is contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ________ 
 Filed with this report. 
 The certification attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompanying this quarterly report on Form 10-Q pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, shall not be deemed filed by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 47 

SIGNATURE 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 SecureWorks Corp. By: /s/ Alpana Wegner Alpana Wegner Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer) 
 
 Date: December 4, 2024 

48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q3fy25-1112024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 OF THE COMPANY PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
 OR RULE 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
 ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Wendy K. Thomas, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of SecureWorks Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 December 4, 2024 s Wendy K. Thomas Wendy K. Thomas Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q3fy25-1112024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 OF THE COMPANY PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
 OR RULE 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
 ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Alpana Wenger, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of SecureWorks Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 December 4, 2024 s Alpana Wegner Alpana Wegner Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q3fy25-1112024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE COMPANY 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OR RULE 15d-14(b) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in the undersigned s capacity as an officer of SecureWorks Corp. (the Company ), for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge 
 
 1. The quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended November 1, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in such quarterly report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date December 4, 2024 s Wendy K. Thomas Wendy K. Thomas Chief Executive Officer 
 Date December 4, 2024 s Alpana Wegner Alpana Wegner Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 scwx-20241101.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 scwx-20241101_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 scwx-20241101_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 scwx-20241101_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 scwx-20241101_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

