<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1939433_0001939433-24-000140.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7686409</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98788</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1345949</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2537946</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1900821</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1669555</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001939433-24-000140.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112160907
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001939433-24-000140
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cohen & Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001939433
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-269416
		FILM NUMBER:		241448124

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1166 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-832-3232

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1166 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001939433-24-000140.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 cnsreit-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cnsreit-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________to __________ 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Title of each class 
 Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 As of November 12, 2024, the registrant had the following shares outstanding: shares of Class P common stock, shares of Class I common stock and shares of Class F-I common stock. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART 1. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited): 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 5 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 26 
 ITEM 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 37 
 ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 38 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 39 
 ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 39 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 39 
 ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 39 
 ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 40 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 40 
 ITEM 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 40 
 ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 
 41 
 SIGNATURES 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Cohen Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands - except share and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Investments in real estate, net Investments in real estate-related securities, at fair value Lease intangible assets, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Due from affiliate Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Mortgage notes, net Lease intangible liabilities, net Due to affiliate Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 14 
 par value per share, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common Stock- Class P shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common Stock- Class T shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common Stock- Class S shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common Stock- Class D shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common Stock- Class I shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common Stock- Class F-T shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common Stock- Class F-S shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common Stock- Class F-D shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common Stock- Class F-I shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Non-controlling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Cohen Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands - except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Rental revenue Total revenues Expenses Property operating General and administrative Organization expenses Performance participation allocation Depreciation and amortization Total expenses Other income, net Realized and unrealized gains from real estate-related securities, net Interest expense ) ) Other income Total other income, net Net income (loss) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) Net income (loss) per share of common stock - basic ) ) ) Net income (loss) per share of common stock - diluted ) ) ) Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Basic Diluted 
 The Company was formed on July 18, 2022 and commenced principal operations on January 11, 2024, and accordingly, there were minimal operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Cohen Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Par Value Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class F-I Common Stock Class P Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Common stock issued Offering costs ) ) ) Amortization of restricted stock grants Net loss ) ) ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) Common stock issued Distributions declared on common stock ) ) ) Offering costs ) ) ) Amortization of restricted stock grants Net income Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Common stock issued Distributions declared on common stock ) ) ) Distribution reinvestments Offering costs ) ) ) Amortization of restricted stock grants Net income (loss) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 

3 

Table of Contents 

 Cohen Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 
 (Continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 Par Value Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class P Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 Amortization of restricted stock grants Net loss ) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Amortization of restricted stock grants Net loss ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Amortization of restricted stock grants Net loss ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 The Company was formed on July 18, 2022 and commenced principal operations on January 11, 2024, and accordingly, there were minimal operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Cohen Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to net loss: Depreciation and amortization Unrealized gains on changes in fair value of real estate-related securities, net ) Realized gains on sale of real estate-related securities, net ) Amortization of above and below-market lease intangibles ) Straight line rent adjustments ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of restricted stock grants Changes in assets and liabilities: Other assets ) Due from affiliate ) ) Due to affiliate Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of real estate ) Capital improvements on real estate ) Purchases of real estate-related securities ) Proceeds from sale of real estate-related securities Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions paid on common stock ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) Proceeds from subscriptions received in advance Proceeds from mortgage notes Payment of deferred financing costs on mortgage notes ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at the beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at the end of the period 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Cohen Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (Continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash to the Consolidated Balance Sheets, end of period: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Accrued offering costs due to affiliate Accrued distributions Distribution reinvestments Accrued proceeds from sale of real estate-related securities 
 The Company was formed on July 18, 2022 and commenced principal operations on January 11, 2024, and accordingly, there were minimal operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Cohen Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1: 
 billion in shares of common stock, consisting of up to billion in shares in its primary offering and up to million in shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan (the Offering ). The Company intends to publicly sell any combination of classes of shares of its common stock Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-T shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares, and Class F-I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued and sold shares of our common stock (consisting of Class I shares and Class F-I shares) for total proceeds of million, including shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 The Company is also conducting a private offering of its Class P shares to Cohen Steers and its affiliates and certain persons that are accredited investors, as that term is defined under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. In addition to its million investment in Class I shares, Cohen Steers has committed to invest million through the Advisor in Class P shares for an aggregate investment of million. Cohen Steers has agreed to hold all of its Class P shares as part of this seed investment for from the date of the initial third-party commitment in Class P shares, after which any repurchase requests would be subject to our share repurchase plan. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has received approximately million in commitments to purchase Class P shares, including the million commitment from the Advisor, and the Company has called million of such commitments. The Company is not required to call all or any portion of the capital commitments made by third-party investors prior to March 2025. See Note 15 for more information related to subsequent capital commitments and capital calls in this private offering. 
 properties and held a portfolio of real estate-related securities. The Company currently operates in reportable segments: real estate and real estate-related securities. See Note 12 
 
 Note 2: 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2024, the Company holds interests in joint ventures that it consolidates. As of December 31, 2023, the Company did have any joint ventures. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company held million in restricted cash. The Company did have any restricted cash as of December 31, 2023. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 years Buildings and site improvements - years 
 Lease intangibles and leasehold improvements Over lease term 
 Significant improvements to properties are capitalized, whereas, repairs and maintenance expenses at the Company s properties are expensed as incurred and included in property operating expense on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. When an asset is sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts with the resulting gain or loss reflected in the Company's results of operations for the period. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 10 

Table of Contents 

 billion. The Company will reimburse the Advisor for all such advanced expenses ratably over a period following such date. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Advisor and its affiliates had incurred organization and offering expenses of approximately million and million, respectively, on the Company s behalf. Such costs became the Company s liability on January 11, 2024, the date that the Company issued Class P shares and commenced principal operations. Organizational expenses are expensed as incurred and offering expenses are charged to stockholders equity, as such amounts will be reimbursed to the Advisor or its affiliates from the gross proceeds of the Offering and any private placement offering. 
 potentially dilutive securities (restricted independent director grants - see N ote 10 that were included in the computation of diluted earnings per share. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company was in a net loss position and thus, the inclusion of the restricted independent director grants would be anti-dilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company did have any dilutive securities outstanding that would cause basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share to differ. All classes of common stock are allocated net income (loss) at the same rate per share and receive the same gross distribution per share. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Real estate-related preferred securities Real estate-related debt securities Total 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had not acquired any real estate-related securities. 
 Total 
 1. We determined the estimated fair value of our properties mortgage notes using a discounted cash flow model that estimates the present value of the future loan payments by discounting such payments at current estimated market interest rates. The estimated market interest rates consider interest rate risk and the value of the underlying collateral, which includes quality of the collateral, the credit quality of the tenant/obligor, and the time until maturity. The inputs used in determining the fair value of the Company s indebtedness are considered Level 3. The carrying value of the properties mortgage notes disclosed above excludes unamortized deferred financing costs of million. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had no outstanding mortgages. 
 
 Note 3: 
 Land Total Accumulated depreciation ) Investment in real estate, net 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had not acquired any properties. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Dallas, TX Community shopping center January 22, 2024 Des Peres Corners St. Louis, MO Grocery-anchored shopping center July 25, 2024 Village on Pooler Parkway Savannah, GA Community shopping center September 18, 2024 
 _________ 
 1. Purchase price is inclusive of acquisition costs and other acquisition-related adjustments. 
 Land In-place lease intangibles Above-market lease intangibles Below-market lease intangibles ) Total purchase price 

Note 4. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Additions Disposals ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on changes in fair value of real estate-related securities, net Realized gains on sale of real estate-related securities, net Balance as of September 30, 2024 _________ 
 1. Equity securities represent common stock of publicly-traded REITs and real estate-related preferred securities. Debt securities represent real estate-related debt securities. 
 The following table summarizes the components of realized and unrealized gains (losses) from real estate-related securities, net during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Unrealized gains, net Realized gains, net Dividend and interest income (1) 
 Total _________ 
 1. Dividend and interest income earned on real estate-related securities are recorded as a component of realized and unrealized gains (losses) from real estate-related securities, net on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Note 5: 
 have any intangible assets or liabilities as of December 31, 2023. The lease intangibles are amortized over the remaining lease terms from which they were derived. As a result, the Company s lease intangibles are being amortized from less than to . 
 ) Above-market lease ) Total intangible assets ) Lease intangible liabilities Below-market lease ) ) Total intangible liabilities ) ) 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 ) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) 2028 ) Thereafter ) ) 
 
 Note 6: 
 Receivables - real estate-related securities Prepaid expenses Straight-line rent receivable Other Total 
 Distribution payable Security deposits - property Prepaid rent Subscriptions received in advance Real estate taxes payable Total 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Note 7: 
 October 1, 2034 Des Peres Corners August 1, 2034 Village on Pooler Parkway October 1, 2034 Total loans secured by real estate Deferred financing costs, net ) Mortgage notes, net 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future principal payments 
 The Company is subject to various financial and operational covenants under certain of its mortgage notes. The Company was in compliance with all of its loan covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Note 8: 
 Lease income variable Total operating lease income (1) 
 ___________ 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively (see Note 5 . 
 The Company had leases as of December 31, 2023. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 9: 
 of NAV per annum, payable monthly on Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares, and Class I shares, of NAV per annum, payable monthly on Class F-T shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares and Class F-I shares, and of NAV per annum, payable monthly, on Class P shares (lower management fees will apply if amounts invested in Class P shares exceed certain thresholds, calculated excluding the amounts invested by Cohen Steers). The Advisor has agreed to waive its management fee on Class P shares, Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-T shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares, and Class F-I shares through January 31, 2025. The management fee will be paid, at the Advisor s election, in cash, Class P shares or Class I shares or Class P units or Class I units of CNSREIT OP. 
 Pursuant to an Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement, through December 31, 2025, the Advisor has contractually agreed to waive its fees and/or reimburse expenses on our behalf so that the Specified Expenses (as defined below) will not exceed of net assets (annualized). The Company has agreed to repay these amounts, when and if requested by the Advisor, but only if and to the extent that Specified Expenses are less than of net assets (annualized) (or, if a lower expense limit is then in effect, such lower limit) within after the date the Advisor waived or reimbursed such fees or expenses. Any Excess Expense (as defined in the Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement) will not be recognized as an expense until it is probable that the Company will reimburse the Advisor for such cost. This arrangement cannot be terminated prior to December 31, 2025 without the consent of the Board, including a majority of independent directors. Specified Expenses includes all expenses attributable to the Company s operations, excluding organizational and offering costs, and the following exceptions: (i) the management fee, (ii) the performance participation interest, (iii) the stockholder servicing fees, (iv) property level expenses, (v) brokerage costs or other investment-related out-of-pocket expenses, including with respect to unconsummated investments, (vi) dividend/interest payments (including any dividend payments, interest expenses, commitment fees, or other expenses related to any leverage incurred by the Company), (vii) taxes, and (viii) extraordinary expenses (as determined in the sole discretion of the Advisor). As of December 31, 2023, we had not made any investments; and therefore, our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not comparable. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred general and administrative expenses (other than stock compensation expense) of approximately million and million, respectively. Pursuant to the Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement, million and million of these expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were reimbursable by the Advisor as they were considered Specified Expenses that exceeded of net assets (annualized) and are thus not recognized on our consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024, the Due from affiliate amount of million represents amounts yet to be reimbursed by the Advisor to the Company. We recorded stock compensation expense of thousand and thousand during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which reflects the amortization of the restricted share grants issued to the independent directors. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million from February 21, 2023 (date our registration statement for the Offering was declared effective by the SEC) through September 30, 2024. Pursuant to the Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement, approximately million of these expenses are reimbursable by the Advisor and are thus not reflected as general and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of operations since it is not probable (as of September 30, 2024) that the Company s Specified Expenses will be less than of net assets (annualized) within after the month in which the Specified Expenses were incurred and deemed reimbursable. 
 The Special Limited Partner holds a performance participation interest in CNSREIT OP that entitles it to receive an allocation from CNSREIT OP equal to of the annual Total Return, subject to a annual Hurdle Amount and a High Water Mark, with a Catch-Up (each term as is defined in the prospectus). Such allocation will be measured on a calendar year basis, accrued monthly and paid annually. The performance participation interest will not be paid on the Class P units in the CNSREIT OP. The performance participation interest will be paid, at the Special Limited Partner s election, in cash or Class I units or any other units of CNSREIT OP. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company accrued thousand and thousand of performance participation allocation, respectively. 
 Cohen Steers Securities, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Dealer Manager ), serves as the dealer manager for the Offering. The Dealer Manager is a registered broker-dealer affiliated with the Advisor. The Company has entered into an agreement (the Dealer Manager Agreement with the Dealer Manager in connection with the Offering. The Company s obligations under the Dealer Manager Agreement to pay stockholder servicing fees with respect to the Class T, Class S, Class D, Class F-T, Class F-S, and Class F-D shares distributed in the Offering shall survive until such shares are no longer outstanding (including in the event such shares are converted into Class I and Class F-I shares). 
 The Dealer Manager will be entitled to receive upfront selling commissions of up to , and dealer manager fees of up to , of the transaction price of each Class T share and Class F-T share sold in the primary Offering, however, such amounts may vary at certain participating broker-dealers provided that the sum will not exceed of the transaction price. The Dealer Manager will be entitled to receive upfront selling commissions of up to of the transaction price of each Class S share and Class F-S share sold in the primary Offering. The Dealer Manager will be entitled to receive upfront selling commissions of up to of the transaction price of each Class D share and Class F-D share sold in the primary Offering. upfront selling commissions or dealer manager fees will be paid with respect to purchases of Class P Shares, Class I Share or Class F-I share or shares of any class sold pursuant to the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 
 The Company will also pay selling commissions over time as stockholder servicing fees to the Dealer Manager as follows: (a) for Class T and Class F-T shares only, an investment professional stockholder servicing fee of per annum, and a dealer stockholder servicing fee of per annum, of the aggregate NAV for the Class T and Class F-T shares, (b) for Class S and Class F-S shares only, a stockholder servicing fee equal to per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class S and Class F-S shares and (c) for Class D and Class F-D shares only, a stockholder servicing fee equal to per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class D and Class F-D shares, in each case, payable monthly in arrears. stockholder servicing fees will be paid with respect to the Class P, Class I and Class F-I shares. The Company will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee with respect to any Class S share, Class F-S share, Class T share, Class F-T share, Class D share or Class F-D share sold in the primary Offering at the end of the month in which the total selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees paid with respect to such share would exceed of the gross proceeds from the sale of such share. The Company will accrue the cost of the stockholder servicing fee as an offering cost at the time each Class T, Class F-T, Class S, Class F-S, Class D and Class F-D share is sold during the primary Offering. There will not be a stockholder servicing fee with respect to Class P, Class I or Class F-I shares. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued performance participation allocation Total 
 ___________ 
 
 Organization and Offering costs 
 The Advisor has agreed to advance all organization and offering expenses (including legal, accounting, and other expenses attributable to the Company s organization, but excluding upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) on behalf of the Company through the earlier of (i) December 31, 2025, or (ii) the month that the Company s aggregate NAV is at least billion. The Company will reimburse the Advisor for all such advanced expenses ratably over a period following such date. 
 million and million, respectively, on the Company s behalf. The Company commenced its operations on January 11, 2024. As such, organizational expenses are expensed as incurred and offering expenses are charged to stockholders equity. 
 
 Note 10: 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeiture Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Restricted Stock Grants 
 On February 27, 2023, the Company granted shares of restricted Class I shares to each of its three independent directors in accordance with its independent director compensation policy. The shares vested and became non-forfeitable on the anniversary of the grant date. On June 3, 2024, the Company granted shares of restricted Class I shares to each of its three independent directors in accordance with its independent director compensation policy. The shares vest and become non-forfeitable on the anniversary of the grant date. Given the restriction, the shares are not considered issued and outstanding for the purposes of the Company s financial statements as of September 30, 2024. 
 thousand and thousand during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and thousand and thousand during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which reflected the amortization of the restricted share grants issued to the independent directors and was included in the general and administrative expense in the consolidated financial statements. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Note 11: 
 billion shares, consisting of the following (shares in thousands): 
 Classification Number of Shares Par Value ) Preferred Stock Class P Shares Class T Shares Class S Shares Class D Shares Class I Shares Class F-T Shares Class F-S Shares Class F-D Shares Class F-I Shares Total 
 Common Stock 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had Class I shares, Class F-I shares and Class P shares outstanding. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares, Class F-T shares, Class F-S shares or Class F-D shares outstanding. 
 Common stock issued Ending balance, March 31, 2024 Common stock issued Ending balance, June 30, 2024 Common stock issued Distribution reinvestment Ending balance, September 30, 2024 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Class F-I Common Stock Class P Common Stock 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Gross Distributions Stockholder Servicing Fee (1) 
 Net Distribution Class I Common Stock Class F-I Common Stock Class P Common Stock 
 1. Stockholder servicing fees only apply to Class F-T, Class F-S, Class F-D, Class T, Class S and Class D shares. For purposes of NAV, the Company recognizes the stockholder servicing fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis as such fee is paid. Under GAAP, the Company accrues the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee as an offering cost at the time Class F-T, Class F-S, Class F-D, Class T, Class S and Class D shares are sold. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had not sold any Class F-T, Class F-S, Class F-D, Class T, Class S and Class D shares and therefore, had not incurred any stockholder servicing fees. 
 The Company did declare any distributions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 of the aggregate NAV per month and of the aggregate NAV per calendar quarter. Shares will be repurchased at a price equal to the transaction price on the applicable repurchase date, except for shares that have not been outstanding for at least would be repurchased at of the transaction price (subject to certain exceptions). In the event that the Company determines to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any month, shares repurchased at the end of the month will be repurchased on a pro rata basis after the Company has repurchased all shares for which repurchase has been requested due to death, disability or divorce and other limited exceptions. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or upon the recommencement of the share repurchase plan, as applicable. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 anniversary of the initial commitment in the private offering. Following such holding period, stockholders may request on a monthly basis that we repurchase all or any portion of their shares pursuant to our share repurchase plan as described above. 
 
 Note 12: 
 reportable segments: Real Estate and Real Estate-Related Securities. The Company allocates resources and evaluates results based off the performance of each segment individually. These are operating segments that are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision-makers in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company s chief executive officer, chief operating officer and chief financial officer have been identified as the chief operating decision-makers. The Company s chief operating decision-makers direct the allocation of resources to operating segments based on the profitability and cash flows of each respective segment. The Company believes that segment net operating income is the performance metric that captures the unique operating characteristics of each segment. 
 Real estate-related securities Other (corporate) Total assets 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Total revenues Expenses Property operating Total segment expenses Realized and unrealized gains from real estate-related securities, net Other income Segment net operating income Depreciation and amortization ) ) Other income General and administrative ) Interest expense ) Performance participation allocation ) Net income Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) Net income attributable to common stockholders 
 The following table provides the total financial results by segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Real Estate Real Estate-Related Securities Total Revenues Rental revenue Total revenues Expenses Property operating Total segment expenses Realized and unrealized gains from real estate-related securities, net Other income Segment net operating income Depreciation and amortization ) ) Other income General and administrative ) Interest expense ) Performance participation allocation ) Organization expenses ) Net loss ) Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 investments and therefore, operated in reportable segment. 
 
 Note 13: 
 
 Note 14: 
 
 Note 15: 
 million in commitments to purchase Class P shares, bringing the total commitments to purchase Class P shares to approximately million. Through November 12, 2024, we have called an aggregate of million pursuant to these commitments. We have approximately million in remaining commitments to purchase Class P shares. We are not required to call all or any portion of the capital commitments made by investors prior to March 2025. 
 As part of the public offering, subsequent to September 30, 2024, and through November 12, 2024, the Company has issued and sold shares of our common stock (consisting of Class I shares and Class F-I shares) for total proceeds of million, including shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 Purchase Agreement 
 million, subject to closing costs, customary prorations and escrow arrangements. In connection with the purchase agreement, the Company made a million non-refundable deposit. The acquisition is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2024 but is subject to certain conditions to closing, including, but not limited to, the seller s satisfaction of various closing conditions contained in the related purchase agreement and the delivery of the required documents at closing. The Company expects to fund the acquisition of the property using proceeds from its private offering, public offering and third-party mortgage financing. There is no assurance that the Company will secure such third-party mortgage financing and/or close the acquisition of the property on the terms described above or at all . 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 References herein to Company, we, us, or our refer to Cohen Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements about our business, including, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and objectives. You can generally identify forward-looking statements by our use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, identify or other similar words or the negatives thereof. These statements include our plans and objectives for future operations, including plans and objectives relating to future growth and availability of funds, and are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to these statements involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to accurately predict and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements, and the forward-looking statements themselves, are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that these forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate and our actual results, performance and achievements may be materially different from that expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements due to a number of different factors. We believe these factors include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and any such updated factors included in our periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . Except as required by law, we do not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report Form 10-Q. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, the inclusion of this information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans, which we consider to be reasonable, will be achieved. 
 
 Available Information 
 Stockholders may obtain copies of our filings with the SEC free of charge from the SEC s website maintained at www.sec.gov. We also use our website www.cnsreit.com as a channel of distribution of our information. The information we post through this channel may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor this channel in addition to following our press releases and SEC filings. The information we will include on our website is not a part of, nor is it incorporated by reference into, this report. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a Maryland corporation formed on July 18, 2022. We were formed to invest primarily in high-quality, stabilized real estate assets within the United States. We also expect to invest, to a lesser extent, in real estate-related securities, including common stock equity, preferred equity and debt investments. We are an externally advised, perpetual-life REIT formed to pursue the following investment objectives: 
 provide attractive current income in the form of regular, stable cash distributions; 
 preserve and protect invested capital; 
 realize appreciation in NAV from proactive investment management and asset management; and 
 provide an investment alternative for stockholders seeking to allocate a portion of their long-term investment portfolios to commercial and other types of real estate with historically lower volatility than publicly traded real estate companies. 
 We cannot assure you that we will achieve our investment objectives. In particular, we note that the NAV of non-traded REITs may be subject to volatility related to the values of their underlying assets. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We intend to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ending December 31, 2024. We plan to own all or substantially all of our assets through the Operating Partnership, of which we are the sole general partner. 
 Our board of directors (the Board will at all times have ultimate oversight and policy-making authority over us, including responsibility for governance, financial controls, compliance and disclosure. Pursuant to the advisory agreement, however, we have delegated to the Advisor the authority to source, evaluate and monitor our investment opportunities and make decisions related to the acquisition, management, financing and disposition of our assets, in accordance with our investment objectives, guidelines, policies and limitations, subject to oversight by our Board. 
 We have registered with the SEC an offering of up to 3.0 billion in shares of common stock, consisting of up to 2.4 billion in shares in our primary offering and up to 600.0 million in shares pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan. 
 We intend to contribute the net proceeds from the Offering and our private offering to the Operating Partnership in respect of a corresponding number of Class T, Class S, Class D, Class I, Class F-T, Class F-S, Class F-D, Class F-I and Class P units. The Operating Partnership will use the net proceeds received from us to make investments and pay fees and expenses attributable to our operations in accordance with our investment strategy and policies. 
 We are not aware of any material trends or uncertainties, favorable or unfavorable, other than national economic conditions affecting real estate generally, that may be reasonably anticipated to have a material impact on either capital resources or the revenues or income to be derived from acquiring properties or real estate-related securities, other than those referred to in our prospectus. 
 
 Q3 Highlights 
 Capital Raising and Distributions 
 We have raised net proceeds of 0.1 million from our public offering during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 We received additional commitments of 2.2 million for our private placement offering during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 We declared monthly distributions totaling 0.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 On July 18, 2024, pursuant to existing commitments to purchase Class P shares, we issued 1.6 million Class P shares at a price of 10.53 per share to accredited investors and the Advisor, in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price of 16.9 million. Approximately 50 of such shares were issued to the Advisor as part of the Advisor s commitment to invest an aggregate of 125.0 million in the Company s shares of common stock. 
 Financing 
 On September 5, 2024, we obtained a 23.2 million loan financing, secured by the Marketplace at Highland Village, which was acquired in January 2024. The loan has a fixed interest rate of 6.13 and is interest-only with a 10-year term. The proceeds were used to fund the acquisition of the Village on Pooler Parkway, described below. 
 Investments 
 On July 24, 2024, we entered into a programmatic joint venture with Phillips Edison Company PECO ), an unaffiliated third party. We and PECO own 80 and 20 of the joint venture, respectively. On July 25, 2024, the joint venture completed the purchase of Des Peres Corners, a grocery-anchored shopping center in Des Peres, Missouri, from an unaffiliated third party for 38.4 million. The acquisition was partially financed by a 23.2 million 10-year fixed-rate loan. The loan has a fixed interest rate of 6.02 and is interest-only throughout the term. 
 On September 18, 2024, the programmatic joint venture between us and The Sterling Organization, LLC completed the purchase of a community shopping center in Savannah, Georgia, commonly known as Village on Pooler Parkway. Through its ownership interest in the joint venture, we indirectly own a 99 interest in the property. The total purchase price was 37.3 million. We partially financed the acquisition with a 20.4 million 10-year fixed-rate loan. The loan has a fixed interest rate of 6.14 and is interest-only throughout the term. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Portfolio 
 Investments in Real Estate 
 The following table provides information regarding our real estate properties as of September 30, 2024: 
 Investment Ownership Interest Number of Properties Location Property Type Acquisition Date Sq. Feet (in thousands) Occupancy Marketplace at Highland Village 99 1 Dallas, TX Community shopping center January 22, 2024 203 94 Des Peres Corners 80 1 St. Louis, MO Grocery-anchored shopping center July 25, 2024 121 90 Village on Pooler Parkway 99 1 Savannah, GA Community shopping center September 18, 2024 142 100 3 466 
 
 The following table details the expiring leases at our real estate properties by annualized base rent as of September 30, 2024 in thousands): 
 Year Number of Expiring Leases Annualized Base Rent (1) 
 of total Annualized Base Rent Expiring 2024 (remaining) 1 50 1 2025 6 592 7 2026 8 607 7 2027 6 1,750 21 2028 8 931 11 2029 19 3,608 43 2030 2 288 3 2031 3 187 2 2032 2 103 1 2033 3 185 2 Thereafter 4 204 2 Total 62 8,505 100 
 ___________ 
 1. Annualized base rent ABR represents the annualized monthly contractual base rent for our properties as of September 30, 2024. ABR is presented on a pro-rata ownership basis. 
 Investments in Real Estate-Related Securit ies 
 The following table details our investments in real estate-related securities as of September 30, 2024 in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 Type of Real Estate-Related Securities Cost Basis Fair Value Common stock of publicly-listed REITs 1,939 2,258 Real estate-related debt securities 2,876 2,959 Real estate-related preferred securities 185 205 Total Investments in real estate-related securities 5,000 5,422 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 We were formed on July 18, 2022, and commenced principal operations on January 11, 2024, the date on which we issued 4.7 million Class P shares for an aggregate purchase price of 47.4 million in our private placement offering. Therefore, there were minimal operations in the period for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, we had not made any investments. Due to our investments in real estate and real estate-related securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not comparable. Accordingly, no comparative amounts for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 are discussed. 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands, except per share data): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Rental revenue 2,366 4,788 Total revenues 2,366 4,788 Expenses Property operating 775 1,652 General and administrative 129 51 284 118 Organization expenses 1,852 Performance participation allocation 2 4 Depreciation and amortization 1,429 3,109 Total expenses 2,335 51 6,901 118 Other income, net Realized and unrealized gains from real estate-related securities, net 674 989 Interest expense (414) (414) Other income 80 187 Total other income, net 340 762 Net income (loss) 371 (51) (1,351) (118) Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests (20) 36 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 391 (51) (1,387) (118) Net income (loss) per share of common stock - basic 0.06 (2.54) (0.27) (5.92) Net income (loss) per share of common stock - diluted 0.06 (2.54) (0.27) (5.92) Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Basic 6,100 20 5,048 20 Diluted 6,103 20 5,048 20 
 Rental Revenue, Property Operating Expenses, Depreciation and Amortization 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, rental revenues, property operating expenses, and depreciation and amortization were recognized as a result of our acquisitions of properties during these periods. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative Expenses 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred general and administrative expenses (other than stock compensation expense) of approximately 0.5 million and 1.4 million, respectively. Pursuant to the Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement, 0.4 million and 1.2 million of these expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were reimbursable by the Advisor as they were considered Specified Expenses that exceeded 0.50 of net assets (annualized) and are thus not recognized on our consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024, the Due from affiliate amount of 0.5 million represents amounts yet to be reimbursed by the Advisor to us. We recorded stock compensation expense of 47 thousand and 95 thousand during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which reflects the amortization of the restricted share grants issued to the independent directors. 
 We incurred general and administrative expenses (other than stock compensation expense) of approximately 2.6 million from February 21, 2023 (date our registration statement for the Offering was declared effective by the SEC) through September 30, 2024. Pursuant to the Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement, approximately 2.4 million of these expenses are reimbursable by the Advisor and are thus not reflected as general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations since it is not probable (as of September 30, 2024) that our Specified Expenses will be less than 0.50 of net assets (annualized) within three years after the month in which the Specified Expenses were incurred. 
 Other Income 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 0.3 million and 0.8 million of other income, which primarily consisted of realized and unrealized gains (losses), net from real estate-related securities, interest and dividend income from investments in real estate-related securities, and interest earned on our cash balances. 
 Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, we recognized a net loss of 20 thousand and net income of 36 thousand attributable to non-controlling interests. This was primarily attributable to the accrual of a joint venture partner's promote interest and was offset by the proportionate net loss pickup of the non-controlling ownership interests held by our joint venture partners. 
 
 Funds From Operations and Adjusted Funds From Operations 
 We believe funds from operations FFO is a meaningful non-GAAP supplemental measure of our operating results. Our consolidated financial statements are presented using historical cost accounting which, among other things, requires depreciation of real estate investments to be calculated on a straight-line basis. As a result, our operating results imply that the value of our real estate investments have decreased evenly over time. However, we believe that the value of our real estate investments will fluctuate over time based on market conditions and, as such, depreciation under historical cost accounting may be less informative as a measure of our performance. FFO is an operating measure defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT that is broadly used in the REIT industry. FFO, as defined by NAREIT and presented below, is calculated as net income or loss (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding (i) depreciation and amortization, (ii) impairment of investments in real estate, (iii) net gains or losses from sales of real estate, and (iv) gains or losses from changes in control of interests in real estate. A reconciliation is also presented as a single line item to reflect the amounts to adjust earnings from consolidated partially-owned entities and equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates to FFO. 
 We also believe that adjusted FFO AFFO is a meaningful supplemental non-GAAP disclosure of our operating results. AFFO further adjusts FFO in order for our operating results to reflect the specific characteristics of our business by adjusting for items we believe are not related to our core operations. Our adjustments to FFO to arrive at AFFO include removing the impact of (i) straight-line rental income, (ii) amortization of deferred financing costs (iii) unrealized gains or losses from changes in the fair value of real estate-related securities, (iv) organization costs, (v) amortization of restricted stock awards, (vi) amortization of above and below-market lease intangibles, and (vii) amounts attributable to non-controlling interests related to adjustments. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 We also believe that funds available for distribution FAD is an additional meaningful non-GAAP supplemental measure of our operating results. FAD provides useful information for considering our operating results and certain other items relative to the amount of our distributions. Further, FAD is a metric, among others, that is considered by our board of directors and executive officers when determining the amount of our dividend to stockholders, and we believe is therefore meaningful to stockholders. FAD is calculated as AFFO adjusted for (i) recurring tenant improvements, leasing commissions, and other capital expenditures, (ii) stockholder servicing fees paid during the period, and (iii) similar adjustments for non-controlling interests. 
 FAD is not indicative of cash available to fund our cash needs and does not represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, as FAD is adjusted for stockholder servicing fees and recurring tenant improvements, leasing commission, and other capital expenditures, which are not considered when determining cash flows from operations. Furthermore, FAD excludes adjustments for working capital items. Cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP would generally be adjusted for such items. 
 FFO, AFFO, and FAD should not be considered to be more relevant or accurate than the GAAP methodology in calculating net income (loss) or in evaluating our operating performance. In addition, FFO, AFFO, and FAD should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) as indications of our performance or as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities as indications of our liquidity, but rather should be reviewed in conjunction with these and other GAAP measurements. Further, FFO, AFFO, and FAD are not intended to be used as liquidity measures indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, our methodology for calculating AFFO and FAD may differ from the methodologies employed by other companies to calculate the same or similar supplemental performance measures, and accordingly, our reported AFFO and FAD may not be comparable to the AFFO and FAD reported by other companies. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders under GAAP to FFO, AFFO and FAD in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 391 (1,387) Adjustments to arrive at FFO: Depreciation and amortization 1,429 3,109 Amount attributable to non-controlling interests for above adjustments (91) (107) FFO attributable to common stockholders 1,729 1,615 Adjustments to arrive at AFFO: Straight-line rental income (22) (47) Amortization of deferred financing costs 10 10 Unrealized gains from real estate-related securities, net (265) (422) Organization expenses 1,852 Amortization of restricted stock grants 47 95 Amortization of above and below-market lease intangibles (251) (476) Amount attributable to non-controlling interests for above adjustments 13 15 AFFO attributable to common stockholders 1,261 2,642 Adjustments to arrive at FAD: Recurring tenant improvements and leasing commissions (1) 
 (6) (129) Amount attributable to non-controlling interests for above adjustments 1 2 FAD attributable to common stockholders 1,256 2,515 
 1. Recurring tenant improvements and leasing commissions are generally related to second-generation leases and other capital expenditures required to maintain our investments. Other capital expenditures exclude projects that we believe will enhance the value of our investments. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Net Asset Value 
 We calculate net asset value NAV per share in accordance with the valuation guidelines approved by our Board. 
 Please refer to Net Asset Value Calculation and Valuation Guidelines in our prospectus for important information about how our NAV is determined. The Advisor is ultimately responsible for determining our NAV. 
 The following table provides a breakdown of the major components of our total NAV as of September 30, 2024 and shares in thousands): 
 Components of NAV September 30, 2024 Investment in real estate 121,070 Investment in real estate-related securities 5,422 Cash and cash equivalents 12,648 Restricted cash 1,898 Other assets 1,304 Dividends payable (280) Other liabilities (2,907) Mortgage notes, net of deferred financing costs (66,185) Accrued performance participation allocation (4) Non-controlling interests in joint ventures (3,661) Net asset value 69,305 Number of outstanding shares of common stock 6,439 
 The following table provides a breakdown of our total NAV and NAV per share of common stock by class as of September 30, 2024 and shares in thousands, except per share data): 
 NAV Per Share Class I Class F-I Class P Total Net asset value 536 102 68,667 69,305 Number of outstanding shares 50 10 6,379 6,439 NAV Per Share as of September 30, 2024 10.65 10.61 10.77 
 Set forth below are the weighted averages of the key assumptions in the discounted cash flow methodology used in the September 30, 2024 valuation of our investments in real estate: 
 Property Type Discount Rate Exit Capitalization Rate Community shopping center 9.75 8.50 
 These assumptions are determined by our independent valuation advisor and reviewed by the Advisor. A change in these assumptions would impact the calculation of the value of our investments in real estate. For example, assuming all other factors remain unchanged, the changes listed below would result in the following effects on our investments in real estate value: 
 Input Hypothetical Change Investments in Real Estate Value Discount Rate 0.25 decrease 1.77 0.25 increase (1.55) Exit Capitalization Rate 0.25 decrease 1.55 0.25 increase (1.32) 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles stockholders equity per our consolidated balance sheet to our NAV in thousands): 
 Reconciliation of Stockholders Equity to NAV September 30, 2024 Stockholders equity under GAAP 56,452 Adjustments: Advanced organization and offering costs (1) 
 8,120 Unrealized real estate and mortgage note appreciation, net (2) 
 2,290 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (3) 
 2,490 Straight-line rent adjustment (4) 
 (47) NAV 69,305 
 The following details the adjustments to reconcile GAAP stockholders equity to our NAV: 
 1. The Advisor has agreed to advance all of our organization and offering expenses on our behalf (including legal, accounting, and other expenses attributable to our organization, but excluding upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) through the earlier of (i) December 31, 2025 or (ii) the month that our aggregate NAV is at least billion. We will reimburse the Advisor for all such advanced expenses ratably over the 60 months following such date. After the earlier of (i) December 31, 2025 or (ii) the month that our aggregate NAV is at least billion, we will reimburse the Advisor for any organization and offering expenses that it incurs on our behalf as and when incurred. Under GAAP, organization costs are expensed as incurred and offering costs are charged to equity as such amounts are incurred. For NAV, such costs will be recognized as a reduction of NAV as they are reimbursed to the Advisor. 
 2. Our investments in real estate are presented at historical cost in our GAAP consolidated financial statements. Additionally, our mortgage notes are presented at their carrying value in our GAAP consolidated financial statements. As such, any changes in the fair market values of our investments in real estate and our mortgage notes are not included in our GAAP results. For purposes of determining our NAV, our investments in real estate and our mortgage note liabilities are recorded at fair value. 
 3. In accordance with GAAP, we depreciate our investments in real estate and amortize certain other lease intangible assets and liabilities. Such depreciation and amortization are not recorded for the purposes of calculating NAV. 
 4. We record straight-line rent in accordance with GAAP. Any resulting straight-line rent receivable or liability is excluded for purposes of determining our NAV. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary needs for liquidity and capital resources are to fund our investments, to make distributions to our stockholders, to repurchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase plan, to pay our offering and operating fees and expenses and to pay interest on any outstanding indebtedness we may incur. We anticipate our offering and operating fees and expenses will include, among other things, the management fee we will pay to the Advisor, the performance participation allocation that the Operating Partnership will pay to the Special Limited Partner, distribution fees we will pay to the Dealer Manager, legal, audit and valuation expenses, federal and state filing fees, printing expenses, administrative fees, transfer agent fees, marketing and distribution expenses and fees related to acquiring, financing, appraising and managing our properties. We do not have any office or personnel expenses as we do not have any employees. 
 We will reimburse the Advisor for certain out-of-pocket expenses in connection with our operations. The Advisor has agreed to advance all of our organization and offering expenses on our behalf (including legal, accounting, and other expenses attributable to our organization, but excluding upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) through the earlier of (i) December 31, 2025 or (ii) the month that our aggregate NAV is at least 1.0 billion. We will reimburse the Advisor for all such advanced expenses ratably over the 60 months following such date. After the earlier of (i) December 31, 2025 or (ii) the month that our aggregate NAV is at least 1.0 billion, we will reimburse the Advisor for any organization and offering expenses that it incurs on our behalf as and when incurred. As of September 30, 2024, the Advisor had incurred approximately 8.1 million of organization and offering expenses on our behalf. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to an Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement, the Advisor has contractually agreed to waive its fees and/or reimburse expenses on our behalf so that the Specified Expenses (as defined below) will not exceed 0.50 of net assets (annualized). We agreed to repay these amounts, when and if requested by the Advisor, but only if and to the extent that Specified Expenses are less than 0.50 of net assets (annualized) (or, if a lower expense limit is then in effect, such lower limit) within three years after the date the Advisor waived or reimbursed such fees or expenses. Any Excess Expense (as defined in the Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement) will not be recognized as an expense until it is probable that the we will reimburse the Advisor for such cost. This arrangement cannot be terminated prior to December 31, 2025, without the consent of our Board, including a majority of independent directors. Specified Expenses includes all expenses attributable to the our operations, excluding organizational and offering costs, and the following exceptions: (i) the management fee, (ii) the performance participation interest, (iii) the stockholder servicing fees, (iv) property level expenses, (v) brokerage costs or other investment-related out-of-pocket expenses, including with respect to unconsummated investments, (vi) dividend/interest payments (including any dividend payments, interest expenses, commitment fees, or other expenses related to any leverage incurred by us), (vii) taxes and (viii) extraordinary expenses (as determined in the sole discretion of the Advisor). This agreement is intended to limit our Specified Expenses through December 31, 2025, providing us with additional cash resources that can otherwise be used for other activities. 
 We intend to elect to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code, beginning with our taxable year ending December 31, 2024. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required to, among other things, distribute as dividends at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gains, to our stockholders and meet certain tests regarding the nature of our income and assets. 
 Over time, we generally intend to fund our cash needs for items other than asset acquisitions from operations. Our cash needs for acquisitions will be funded primarily from the sale of shares of our common stock and through the assumption or incurrence of debt. 
 If we are unable to raise substantial funds we will make fewer investments resulting in less diversification in terms of the type, number, geography and size of investments we make and the value of an investment in us will fluctuate significantly with the performance of the specific assets we acquire. Further, we have certain fixed operating expenses, including certain expenses as a publicly offered REIT, regardless of whether we are able to raise substantial funds. Our inability to raise substantial funds would increase our fixed operating expenses as a percentage of gross income, reducing our net income and limiting our ability to make distributions. 
 Other potential future sources of capital include secured or unsecured financings from banks or other lenders and proceeds from the sale of assets. If necessary, we may use financings or other sources of capital in the event of unforeseen significant capital expenditures. 
 Although we have not received any commitments from lenders to fund a line of credit to date, we may decide to obtain a line of credit to fund acquisitions, to repurchase shares pursuant to our share repurchase plan and for any other corporate purpose. If we decide to obtain a line of credit, we would expect that it would afford us borrowing availability to fund repurchases. As our assets increase, however, it may not be commercially feasible or we may not be able to secure an adequate line of credit to fund share repurchases. Moreover, actual availability may be reduced at any given time if we use borrowings under the line of credit to fund share repurchases or for other corporate purposes. 
 As of November 12, 2024, the Company received approximately 223.6 million in commitments to purchase Class P shares, including 124.8 million from the Advisor. Through November 12, 2024, we have called an aggregate of 134.2 million pursuant to these commitments. We have approximately 89.4 million in remaining commitments to purchase Class P shares. We are not required to call all or any portion of the capital commitments made by investors prior to March 2025. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 The following table is a summary of the fixed-rate mortgage note indebtedness of the Company s properties as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 in thousands): 
 Balance as of Indebtedness Interest Rate - Fixed Maturity Date September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Marketplace at Highland Village 6.13 October 1, 2034 23,155 Des Peres Corners 6.02 August 1, 2034 23,160 Village on Pooler Parkway 6.14 October 1, 2034 20,400 Total loans secured by real estate 66,715 Deferred financing costs, net (1,170) Mortgage notes, net 65,545 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table provides a breakdown of the net change in our cash and cash equivalents in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Cash flows provided by operating activities 3,817 Cash flows used in investing activities (122,729) Cash flows provided by financing activities 133,258 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 14,346 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities were approximately 3.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily as a result of income generated from our investments in real estate and real estate-related securities. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities were 122.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to our acquisitions of real estate and purchases of real estate-related securities. 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities were 133.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to 64.5 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock and 66.7 million of proceeds from property level financing, net of 1.2 million of deferred financing costs. 
 
 Distributions 
 We generally intend to distribute substantially all of our taxable income, which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP, to our stockholders each year to comply with the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. Each class of common stock receives the same gross distribution per share. The net distribution varies for each class based on the applicable stockholder servicing fee, which is deducted from the monthly distribution per share. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables details the aggregate distributions declared for each applicable class of common stock: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Gross Distributions Stockholder Servicing Fee (1) 
 Net Distribution Class I Common Stock 0.1305 0.1305 Class F-I Common Stock 0.0870 0.0870 Class P Common Stock 0.1305 0.1305 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Gross Distributions Stockholder Servicing Fee (1) 
 Net Distribution Class I Common Stock 0.1740 0.1740 Class F-I Common Stock 0.0870 0.0870 Class P Common Stock 0.1740 0.1740 
 1. Stockholder servicing fees only apply to Class F-T, Class F-S, Class F-D, Class T, Class S and Class D shares. For purposes of NAV, we recognize the stockholder servicing fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis as such fee is paid. Under GAAP, we accrue the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee as an offering cost at the time Class F-T, Class F-S, Class F-D, Class T, Class S and Class D shares are sold. As of September 30, 2024, we had not sold any Class F-T, Class F-S, Class F-D, Class T, Class S and Class D shares and therefore, had not incurred any stockholder servicing fees. 
 The following tables summarize our distributions declared and paid on our shares of common stock in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Amount Percentage Distributions Paid in cash 380 49 Reinvested in shares 388 51 Total distributions 768 100 Source of Distributions Cash flows from operating activities 768 100 Total sources of distributions 768 100 AFFO 1,261 FAD 1,256 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Amount Percentage Distributions Paid in cash 380 49 Reinvested in shares 388 51 Total distributions 768 100 Source of Distributions Cash flows from operating activities (1) 
 768 100 Total sources of distributions 768 100 AFFO 2,642 FAD 2,515 
 1. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we received cash flows from operating activities in the amounts of 2.1 million and 3.8 million, respectively. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with GAAP involves significant judgments and assumptions and requires estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. There have been no material changes to our Critical Accounting Policies, including significant accounting policies that we believe are the most affect by our judgment, estimates and assumptions, which are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion concerning recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We may be exposed to interest rate changes primarily as a result of long-term debt used to maintain liquidity, fund capital expenditures and expand our investment portfolio and operations. Market fluctuations in real estate financing may affect the availability and cost of funds needed to expand our investment portfolio. In addition, restrictions upon the availability of real estate financing or high interest rates for real estate loans could adversely affect our ability to dispose of real estate in the future. We will seek to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. We may use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our assets. Also, we will be exposed to both credit risk and market risk. 
 Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty will owe us, which creates credit risk for us. If the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we will owe the counterparty and, therefore, do not have credit risk. We will seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments primarily by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties. 
 Market risk is the adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. The market risk associated with interest-rate contracts is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken. With regard to variable rate financing, we will assess our interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. We will maintain risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both our outstanding and forecasted debt obligations as well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. While this hedging strategy will be designed to minimize the impact on our net income and funds from operations from changes in interest rates, the overall returns on your investment may be reduced. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any derivative contracts and therefore, the risks associated with those instruments. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q was made under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO. Based upon this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (i) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and forms and (ii) include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2024, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 For information regarding factors that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, see the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and under the heading Risk Factors in our prospectus dated April 16, 2024, as supplemented. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Unregistered sales of equity securities 
 All sales of unregistered securities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 were previously disclosed. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 On February 21, 2023, our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-269416) for the Offering was declared effective under the Securities Act. The transaction price for each class of our common stock is determined monthly and is made available on our website, www.cnsreit.com , and in prospectus supplement filings. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have issued and sold 19,654 shares of our common stock as part of the primary offering (consisting 10,045 Class I shares and 9,609 Class F-I shares) for total proceeds of approximately 0.2 million. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we primarily used the proceeds from our public offering and the unregistered sales of our Class P shares to acquire 118.1 million in real estate and to invest 5.4 million in real estate-related securities. 
 Share Repurchases 
 The Company has adopted a share repurchase plan whereby, on a monthly basis, stockholders may request that the Company repurchase all or any portion of their shares. The Company may choose to repurchase all, some or none of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased at the end of any particular month, in its discretion, subject to any limitations in the share repurchase plan. The total amount of aggregate repurchases of Class P, Class T, Class S, Class D, Class I, Class F-T, Class F-S, Class F-D and Class F-I shares will be limited to 2 of the aggregate NAV per month and 5 of the aggregate NAV per calendar quarter. Shares will be repurchased at a price equal to the transaction price on the applicable repurchase date, except for shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year would be repurchased at 95 of the transaction price (subject to certain exceptions). In the event that the Company determines to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any month, shares repurchased at the end of the month will be repurchased on a pro rata basis after the Company has repurchased all shares for which repurchase has been requested due to death, disability or divorce and other limited exceptions. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or upon the recommencement of the share repurchase plan, as applicable. 
 Due to the illiquid nature of investments in real estate, the Company may not have sufficient liquid resources to fund repurchase requests and has established limitations on the amount of funds the Company may use for repurchases during any calendar month and quarter. Should repurchase requests, in the Company s judgment, place an undue burden on the Company s liquidity, adversely affect the Company s operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company as a whole, or should the Company otherwise determine that investing the Company s liquid assets in real properties or other illiquid investments rather than repurchasing the Company s shares is in the best interests of the Company as a whole, then the Company may choose to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, the Board may modify, suspend or terminate our share repurchase plan if it deems such action to be in the Company s best interest and the best interest of the Company s stockholders. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we did not receive any repurchase requests and accordingly, did not repurchase any shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase plan. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) , , or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Cohen Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s on Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on April 12, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein) 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cohen Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on April 12, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein) 
 10.1 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2024, between T-C Des Peres Corners LLC and The Phillips Edison Group LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 25, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein) 
 10.2 Assignment of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2024, by and between The Phillips Edison Group LLC and Des Peres Station LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 25, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein) 
 10.3 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2024, between West Plaza RE Holdings, LLC and Core Power Acquisitions, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 1 9 , 2024 and incorporated by reference herein) 
 10.4 Assignment and Assumption of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2024, by and between Core Power Acquisitions, LLC and Core Power Pooler, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein) 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 
 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited), (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited), (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited), (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited), and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

41 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Cohen Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. November 12, 2024 By: /s/ James S. Corl Date James S. Corl Chief Executive Officer Chief Investment Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 November 12, 2024 By: /s/ Arjun Mahalingam Date Arjun Mahalingam Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal 
 Accounting Officer) 
 
 42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q32024-cohensteersex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, James S. Corl, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Cohen & Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Intentionally omitted 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 
 s James S. Corl James S. Corl Chief Executive Officer & Chief Investment Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q32024-cohensteersex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Arjun Mahalingam, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Cohen & Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Intentionally omitted 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 
 s Arjun Mahalingam Arjun Mahalingam Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q32024-cohensteersex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Cohen & Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James S. Corl, Chief Executive Officer & Chief Investment Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 12, 2024 
 s James S. Corl James S. Corl Chief Executive Officer & Chief Investment Officer 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 q32024-cohensteersex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Cohen & Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Arjun Mahalingam, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 12, 2024 
 s Arjun Mahalingam Arjun Mahalingam Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cnsreit-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cnsreit-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cnsreit-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cnsreit-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cnsreit-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

