<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241226_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1503274_0001503274-24-000027.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9275461</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>84594</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1151489</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4322936</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1681274</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1796383</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001503274-24-000027.hdr.sgml : 20241226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241223210652
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001503274-24-000027
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Quanterix Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001503274
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				208957988
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38319
		FILM NUMBER:		241575460

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 MIDDLESEX TURNPIKE
		CITY:			BILLERICA
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01821
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-301-9400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 MIDDLESEX TURNPIKE
		CITY:			BILLERICA
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01821

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001503274-24-000027.txt : 20241226

10-Q/A
 1
 qtrx-20240331.htm
 10-Q/A

qtrx-20240331 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Amendment No. 1) 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number: 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 QUANTERIX CORPORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x No 
 As of May 2, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

2 

Table of Contents 

3 

Table of Contents 

 T QUANTERIX CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO FORM 10-Q/A 
 Page Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 5 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) As Restated) 
 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (As Restated) 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 (As Restated) 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 (As Restated) 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 (As Restated) 
 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 (As Restated) 
 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (As Restated) 
 11 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations As Restated) 
 33 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures As Restated) 
 39 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 6. Exhibits As Restated) 
 42 
 Signatures 
 43 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms Quanterix, the Company, we, it, us, and our in this Amended Report refer to Quanterix Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Amended Report contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) that involve risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Amended Report are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, seek, should, target, will, would, or the negative of these words, or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to our financial performance and the effects of the Restatement, and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including those further described elsewhere in this Amended Report, in the section titled Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Original Report, in the section titled Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Amended Annual Report , or in other filings that we make with the SEC. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Amended Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 Readers should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance, or events and circumstances reflected in forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Amended Report to conform these statements to new information, actual results, or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. 
 Readers should read this Amended Report and any documents referenced herein that we have filed with the SEC as exhibits to this Amended Report with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 
 Service Marks, Trademarks and Trade Names 
 Quanterix, Simoa, Simoa HD-X, Simoa HD-1, SR-X, SP-X , HD-X , LucentAD, Lucent Diagnostics, and our logo are our trademarks. All other service marks, trademarks, and trade names appearing in this Amended Report are the property of their respective owners. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us, by these other companies. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 
 QUANTERIX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 (As Restated) (As Restated) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowance for expected credit losses Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value per share: 
 Authorized: shares; issued and outstanding: and shares at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 QUANTERIX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 2023 (As Restated) (As Restated) Revenues: Product revenue Service and other revenue Collaboration and license revenue Grant revenue Total revenues Costs of goods sold and services: Cost of product revenue Cost of service and other revenue Total costs of goods sold and services Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Selling, general and administrative Other lease costs Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Interest income Other income (expense), net ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense ) ) Net loss ) ) Net loss per common share, basic and diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 QUANTERIX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 2023 (As Restated) (As Restated) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Unrealized losses on marketable securities ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 QUANTERIX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 Common Stock Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity Balance at December 31, 2023 (As Restated) ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock plans, including tax effects Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net loss, as restated ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 (As Restated) ) ) Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 Common Stock Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity Balance at December 31, 2022 (As Restated) ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock plans, including tax effects Stock-based compensation expense, as restated Foreign currency translation adjustment Net loss, as restated ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 (As Restated) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 QUANTERIX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 2023 (As Restated) (As Restated) Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Credit losses on accounts receivable Accretion of marketable securities ) Operating lease right-of-use asset amortization Stock-based compensation expense Other operating activity Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other non-current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued compensation and benefits, accrued expenses, and other current liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities ) Other non-current liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable securities ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from common stock issued under stock plans Payments for employee taxes withheld on stock-based compensation awards ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for taxes Purchases of property and equipment in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowance for expected credit losses Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Total current assets Restricted cash Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other non-current assets ) Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value per share: 
 Authorized: shares; issued and outstanding: shares at March 31, 2024 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowance for expected credit losses Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Total current assets Restricted cash Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other non-current assets ) Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value per share: 
 Authorized: shares; issued and outstanding: shares at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

13 

Table of Contents 

 Service revenue ) Collaboration and license revenue Grant revenue Total revenues Costs of goods sold and services: Cost of product revenue Cost of service and other revenue ) Total costs of goods sold and services Gross profit ) ) Operating expenses: Research and development Selling, general, and administrative ) Other lease costs Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) ) ) Interest income 
 Other income (expense), net 
 ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss per common share, basic and diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

14 

Table of Contents ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
 Unrealized losses on marketable securities ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) 

15 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock plans, including tax effects Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Adjustments Balance at December 31, 2023 Issuance of common stock under stock plans, including tax effects Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 As Restated Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock plans, including tax effects Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock plans, including tax effects Stock-based compensation expense Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 ) ) Adjustments Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock plans, including tax effects Stock-based compensation expense Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) As Restated Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock plans, including tax effects Stock-based compensation expense Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 17 

Table of Contents ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Credit losses on accounts receivable Accretion of marketable securities ) ) Operating lease right-of-use asset amortization Stock-based compensation expense Other operating activity Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Other non-current assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued compensation and benefits, accrued expenses, and other current liabilities ) ) ) Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other non-current liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from common stock issued under stock plans Payments for employee taxes withheld on stock-based compensation awards ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for taxes Purchases of property and equipment in accounts payable and accruals 
 18 

Table of Contents ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Credit losses on accounts receivable Operating lease right-of-use asset amortization Stock-based compensation expense Other operating activity Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other non-current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued compensation and benefits, accrued expenses, and other current liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from common stock issued under stock plans Payments for employee taxes withheld on stock-based compensation awards ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period ) Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for taxes Purchases of property and equipment in accounts payable and accruals 

19 

Table of Contents 

 projects for more than customers from all over the world using its Simoa platforms. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 Restricted cash consists of collateral for a letter of credit issued as security for two of the Company s leased facilities and to secure the Company s corporate credit card program. The short-term or long-term classification is determined in accordance with the expiration of the underlying letter of credit and security. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Consumable and other products Total Service revenue: Service-type warranties Research services Other services Total Collaboration and license revenue: Total 
 For the three months ended March 31, 2024, customer accounted for more than of the Company s total revenues and for the three months ended March 31, 2023, customer accounted for more than of the Company s total revenues. At March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, customer accounted for more than of the Company s gross accounts receivable. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million per calendar quarter, which began in the first quarter of 2022. The statement of work automatically renews on a quarterly basis until Lilly provides a termination notice in accordance with the terms of the Lilly Collaboration Agreement. As of March 31, 2024, the Lilly Collaboration Agreement and the statement of work were still in effect. 
 Concurrent with the execution of the Lilly Collaboration Agreement, the Company entered into a Technology License Agreement (the Lilly License under which Lilly granted the Company a non-exclusive license to Lilly s proprietary p-Tau 217 antibody technology for use in research use only products and services and future in vitro diagnostics IVD applications within the field of Alzheimer s disease. In consideration of the Lilly License, the Company paid an upfront fee , is required to make milestone payments based on the achievement of predetermined regulatory and commercial events, and will pay royalties on net sales of licensed products. 
 The Company recognized million of revenue from the Lilly Collaboration Agreement during the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Contract Assets 
 There were contract assets as of March 31, 2024 or December 31, 2023 . 
 Deferred Revenue 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million of revenue, respectively, related to its deferred revenue balance at January 1 of each such period. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 As of March 31, 2024, the aggregate amount of transaction prices allocated to performance obligations that were not yet satisfied, or were partially satisfied, was million. Of this amount, million is expected to be recognized as revenue in the next months, with the remainder expected to be recognized thereafter. The million primarily consists of amounts billed for undelivered services related to initial and extended service-type warranties and research services. 
 Costs to Obtain a Contract 
 Capitalization of costs to obtain a contract Recognition of costs to obtain a contract ) ) Balance at March 31 
 The Company evaluates potential impairment of these amounts at each balance sheet date, and related impairments were recorded during the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 . 
 Grant Revenue 
 All of the Company's grant revenue is generated within North America. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million. The NIH granted the Company funding in support of the development of certain point-of-care diagnostic technologies through collaborative efforts. Grant funding is to be used solely for activities related to the point-of-care diagnostic device development project and the contract period runs through August 2025. Receipt of the award value occurs throughout the term of the contract period and after the Company submits for reimbursement of activities related to the grant. As of March 31, 2024, the Company had received million of the total award value. 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 , grant revenue recognized and research and development expenses incurred were not material. 
 ADDF Grant 
 On March 24, 2022, the Company and the Alzheimer s Drug Discovery Foundation (the ADDF entered into a contract (the ADDF Grant with a total funding value of million. The ADDF is a charitable venture philanthropy entity that granted the Company funding in support of certain activities for the development of an IVD test for early detection of Alzheimer's disease. The ADDF Grant restricts the Company s use of the granted funds solely for activities related to the Company s Alzheimer s diagnostic test development project and the contract period runs through June 2024. Receipt of the contract funding was subject to achievement of pre-defined milestones, and as of December 31, 2023, the Company had received the total funding value of million. 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 grant revenue recognized and research and development expenses incurred were not material. As of March 31, 2024, the Company had million of deferred revenue related to the ADDF Grant. 
 
 Provision for expected credit losses Write-offs and recoveries collected ) ) Balance at March 31 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 ) U.S. Treasuries ) U.S. Government agency bonds ) Corporate bonds ) Total marketable securities ) Marketable securities are recorded in the following Consolidated Balance Sheets captions: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Total marketable securities 
 As of December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value Commercial paper ) U.S. Treasuries U.S. Government agency bonds ) Corporate bonds ) Total marketable securities ) Marketable securities are recorded in the following Consolidated Balance Sheets captions: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Total marketable securities 
 ) U.S. Treasuries ) U.S. Government agency bonds ) Corporate bonds ) Total ) 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ) U.S. Government agency bonds ) Corporate bonds ) Total ) 
 The Company did not have any individual securities in a continuous loss position for greater than 12 months, and there were no individual securities that were in a significant unrealized loss position as of March 31, 2024. For marketable securities in an unrealized loss position, the Company does not intend to sell them before recovery of their amortized cost bases, it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell them before recovery of their amortized cost bases, and the unrealized losses are not credit related. Accordingly, the Company has not recorded any impairment losses or a credit loss allowance. 
 The Company did not sell any marketable securities or record any realized gains or losses for the three months ended March 31, 2024. At March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, of accrued interest receivable on its marketable securities, which was recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Due in one to two years Total 
 
 U.S. Treasuries Total cash equivalents Marketable securities: Commercial paper U.S. Treasuries U.S. Government agency bonds Corporate bonds Total marketable securities Total financial assets 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial paper U.S. Treasuries Total cash equivalents Marketable securities: Commercial paper U.S. Government agency bonds Corporate bonds Total marketable securities Total financial assets 
 (1) Included in cash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Cash equivalents and marketable securities classified as Level 2 financial assets are initially valued at their purchase price and subsequently valued at the end of each reporting period utilizing third party pricing services or other observable data. The pricing services utilize industry standard valuation methods, including both income and market-based approaches, and observable market inputs to determine the fair value. These observable market inputs include reportable trades, benchmark yields, credit spreads, broker/dealer quotes, bids, offers, current spot rates, and other industry and economic events. 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company has a non-marketable equity investment in an entity that is evaluated under the VIE guidance (refer to Note 15 - Variable Interest Entities for further discussion). Pursuant to ASC 321 Investments Equity Securities , the Company uses the measurement alternative for equity investments without readily determinable fair values and recognizes its non-marketable equity investment at cost, less any impairment, and adjusted for any observable price changes in orderly transactions. The Company s investment is classified as a Level 3 financial asset. Changes in the inputs and assumptions used to determine the fair value would result in a higher or lower fair value measurement. 
 The Company s non-marketable equity investment contains certain restrictions related to the sale or transfer of the securities. The restrictions are in place indefinitely and cannot lapse. No adjustment to the fair value was required as a result of adopting ASU 2022-03 on January 1, 2024. 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not record any fair value adjustments to its non-marketable equity investment and to date, the cumulative fair value adjustments have not been material. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the non-marketable equity investment was million, and is recorded in other non-current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Other Fair Value Disclosures 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not transfer financial assets between levels of the fair value hierarchy. Additionally, there have been no changes to the valuation techniques for Level 2 or Level 3 financial assets. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Work in process Finished goods Total inventory 
 
 Accrued royalties Accrued tax liabilities Other accrued expenses Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 Note 10. Stock-Based Compensation 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/expired ) Outstanding at March 31, 2024 Exercisable at March 31, 2024 Vested and expected to vest at March 31, 2024 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at March 31, 2024 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP 
 In December 2017, the Company adopted the 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2017 ESPP ). The 2017 ESPP provides for six-month offering periods commencing and ending as follows: March 1 through August 31, and September 1 through February 28. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, employees purchased thousand shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the 2017 ESPP. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Cost of service and other revenue Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 As of March 31, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs and stock options, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of years. ) Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Net loss per share, basic and diluted (0.29) (0.19) 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Common stock and RSUs Estimated ESPP purchases Total dilutive shares and ) for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The income tax provision and effective tax rate is driven primarily by a valuation allowance in the United States, partially offset by income taxes in foreign jurisdictions. 
 The Company maintains a valuation allowance on the majority of its deferred tax assets, and it has concluded that it is more likely than not that the deferred assets will not be utilized. 
 
 thousand discs to be shipped at various points starting in 2022 and continuing through 2024 at an agreed purchase price per disc. 
 The total purchase commitment under the STRATEC Supply Agreement is million, of which million has been paid, and million is due within one year from March 31, 2024. 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, STRATEC shipped thousand and thousand discs, respectively, to the Company. The Company recorded cost of product revenue related to these shipments of million and million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During 2024, STRATEC is required to ship thousand discs to the Company. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, thousand discs were shipped. 
 Other Purchase Commitments 
 The Company s other non-cancellable purchase commitments primarily consist of purchases of raw materials for manufacturing operations under annual and multi-year agreements, some of which have minimum quantity requirements. As of March 31, 2024, the Company s total purchase commitments under these agreements were million, most of which the Company expects to incur in the year ending December 31, 2024. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 million, which was recorded in research and development expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Under this license, the Company is required to pay Harvard low single-digit royalties on net sales of products and services using the licensed technology, as well as a portion of its applicable sublicense revenues. The Company incurred royalty expense under the Harvard License Agreement for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Refer to Note 14 Related Party Transactions for a discussion of a related party relationship with Harvard. 
 Tufts University 
 In June 2007, the Company and Tufts University Tufts entered into a license agreement (the Tufts License Agreement for certain intellectual property owned by Tufts. The Tufts License Agreement, which was subsequently amended, is exclusive and sub-licensable, and will continue in effect on a country-by-country basis as long as there is a valid claim of a licensed patent in a country. The Company is required to pay license and maintenance fees that are creditable against royalties, in addition to low single-digit royalties on direct sales and services, and a royalty on sublicense income. The Company incurred royalty expenses related to the Tufts License Agreement of million and million during the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was recorded in cost of product revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Refer to Note 14 Related Party Transactions for a discussion of a related party relationship with Tufts. 
 Legal Contingencies 
 The Company is subject to claims in the ordinary course of business; however, the Company is not currently a party to any pending or threatened litigation, the outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. The Company records contingent liabilities when losses are probable and estimable. If an estimate of a probable loss is a range and no amount within the range is more likely than any other amount in the range, the Company records the minimum amount of the range. 
 Leases 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Total operating lease liabilities 
 The Company s lease agreement for office and laboratory facilities in Bedford, Massachusetts included a tenant improvement allowance with the landlord that offset a portion of the Company s construction costs. During the first quarter of 2023, the Company received the final tenant improvement allowance reimbursement of million. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 million for both the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. Cost of product revenue and operating expenses with Harvard and Mass General Brigham were material for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. At March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, open payables to and receivable balances from Harvard and Mass General Brigham were not material. 
 In May 2022, the Company and UltraDx Limited UltraDx ), a company formed by ARCH Venture Partners ARCH ), entered into an agreement (the UltraDx Agreement ). Under the UltraDx Agreement, the Company agreed to supply UltraDx with HD-X instruments (both fully assembled and disassembled), assays and assay components, and granted a co-exclusive license to manufacture, seek Chinese regulatory approval of (including performance of any necessary research and development activities), and commercialize, HD-X instruments assembled in China and related assays in the Chinese IVD market. At contract inception, the Company determined that UltraDx was a related party because a member of the Company s Board of Directors was affiliated with ARCH and UltraDx. As of June 7, 2023, this individual was no longer a member of the Company s Board of Directors. Revenue recorded from sales of products and services to UltraDx totaled million for the three months ended March 31, 2024. Cost of product revenue and services was material for the three months ended March 31, 2024. At March 31, 2024 there was million in open receivable balances and open payable balances to UltraDx. 
 Revenue and cost of product revenue and services for three months ended March 31, 2023 were not material. At December 31, 2023, there were no open payable balances to UltraDx and open receivable balances from UltraDx were not material. 
 
 million, which was recorded in other non-current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 7 Fair Value of Financial Instruments for the Company s related valuation disclosures. Maximum exposure to losses related to the VIE is limited to its carrying value and the Company does not have any future funding commitments to the VIE. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the section titled Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A (the Amended Report") and our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Amendment No. 1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on December 23, 2024 (the Amended Annual Report ). Certain columns and rows may not add due to the use of rounded numbers. Percentages presented are calculated from the underlying unrounded numbers. In addition to historical information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our actual results, performance, or experience may differ materially from those discussed below due to various important factors, risks, and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in the sections titled Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included in this Amended Report, Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024 (the Original Report ), as filed with the SEC on May 8, 2024, or Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Amended Annual Report, as may be updated by Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms Quanterix, the Company, we, it, us, and our in this Amended Report refer to Quanterix Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements 
 
 This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reflects the effects of the restatement of our Consolidated Financial Statements as described in Note 1 - Restatement of Financial Statements (the Restatement ). For further detail regarding the Restatement, refer to the sections titled Explanatory Note and Part I, Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Other than to reflect effects of the Restatement, this discussion does not reflect any information or events occurring after May 8, 2024, the filing date of the Original Report, or modify or update those disclosures affected by events that occurred at a later date or facts that subsequently became known to us, except to the extent they are otherwise required to be included and discussed herein. 
 
 Overview (As Restated) 
 We are a life sciences company that has developed next-generation, ultra-sensitive digital immunoassay platforms that advance life sciences research and diagnostics. Our platforms are based on our proprietary digital Simoa detection technology and enable customers to reliably detect protein biomarkers at ultra-low concentrations in blood, serum, and other fluids that, in many cases, are undetectable using conventional, analog immunoassay technologies. The ability of our Simoa platforms to detect proteins in the femtomolar range is enabling the development of novel therapies and diagnostics and has the potential to facilitate a paradigm shift in healthcare from an emphasis on treatment to a focus on earlier detection, monitoring, prognosis, and, ultimately, prevention. Our Simoa platforms have achieved significant scientific validation and commercial adoption, and our Simoa technology has been cited in more than 2,900 scientific publications in areas of high unmet medical need and research interest such as neurology, oncology, cardiology, infectious disease, and inflammation. 
 Our instruments are designed to be used either with assays fully developed by us, including all antibodies and supplies required to run the assays, or with homebrew assay kits where we supply some of the components required for testing and the customer supplies the remaining required elements. Accordingly, our installed instruments generate a recurring revenue stream. As the installed base of our Simoa instruments increases, we expect total consumables revenue to increase. 
 We commercially launched our HD-X instrument in the second half of 2019. The HD-X is an upgraded version of the Simoa HD-1 (our first Simoa instrument, launched in January 2014), collectively HD Instruments , that is designed to deliver significant productivity and operational efficiency improvements, as well as greater user flexibility. The HD-X uses our bead-based technology and assays run on the HD-X are fully automated. By March 31, 2024, approximately 83 of the HD Instrument installed base were HD-X instruments. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Further, we launched our SR-X instrument in 2017 as a compact desktop instrument with a lower price point, more flexible assay preparation, and a wider range of applications. The SR-X utilizes the same Simoa bead-based technology and assay kits as the HD-X. 
 With our acquisition of Aushon BioSystems, Inc. in 2018, we acquired a CLIA certified laboratory and proprietary sensitive planar array detection technology. The Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 CLIA are federal regulatory standards that apply to all clinical laboratory testing performed on humans in the United States (with the exception of research testing that does not report patient specific results). Leveraging our proprietary sophisticated Simoa image analysis and data analysis algorithms, we further refined the planar array technology to develop the SP-X instrument to provide sensitivity similar to that found in our Simoa bead-based platform. We commercially launched the SP-X instrument in 2019. 
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary UmanDiagnostics AB Uman ), a company located in Ume , Sweden, supplies neurofilament light NfL ), antibodies, and enzyme-linked immunoassay ELISA kits, which are used by researchers and biopharmaceutical and diagnostics companies world-wide in the detection of NfL to advance the development of therapeutics and diagnostics for neurodegenerative conditions. 
 We also provide contract research services for customers and Laboratory Developed Test LDT services through our CLIA-certified Accelerator Laboratory (the Accelerator Laboratory ). The Accelerator Laboratory provides customers with access to our Simoa technology and our Lucent Diagnostics clinical testing services (launched in July 2023), and supports multiple projects and services, including sample testing, homebrew assay development, custom assay development, and blood-based biomarker testing. To date, we have completed over 2,300 projects for more than 480 customers from all over the world using our Simoa platforms. 
 We have an extensive base of customers including pharmaceutical, biotechnology, contract research organizations, academic and governmental research institutions. We sell our instruments, consumables, and services through a direct field sales force and support organizations in North America and Europe, and through our own sales force and distributors in additional countries, including Australia, Brazil, China, Czech Republic, India, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, New Zealand, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, South Korea, Taiwan, and the United Arab Emirates. In addition, we sell NfL antibodies and NfL ELISA kits directly, and through distributors, worldwide. 
 As of March 31, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of 301.9 million . Since our inception, we have incurred annual net losses, including net losses of 11.2 million and 7.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of March 31, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 442.7 million and stockholders equity of 343.4 million . 
 We expect to incur significant expenses and operating losses at least through the next 24 months and we expect our expenses to increase substantially as we: 
 expand our sales and marketing efforts to further commercialize our products; 
 expand our research and development efforts to improve our existing products and develop and launch new products, particularly if any of our products become subject to additional or more burdensome regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA 
 invest in Lucent Diagnostics, additional LDTs, and other diagnostics initiatives including entry into translational pharma and clinical diagnostic markets; 
 seek Premarket Approval PMA ), de novo classification, or 510(k) clearance from the FDA for our existing products or new products if or when we decide to market products for use in the prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of a disease or other condition; 
 hire additional personnel to support our growth and research and development; 
 strategically acquire and integrate companies or technologies that may be complementary to our business; 
 enter into collaboration arrangements, or in-license other products and technologies; and 
 add operational, financial, and management information systems. 
 
 Recent Business Developments 
 In March 2024, our Lucent AD p-Tau 217 blood test was granted Breakthrough Device designation by the FDA. This designation is granted to products that have the potential to offer more effective diagnosis of life-threatening diseases with an unmet medical need. Proposed indications for this blood test include use of the test results in patients presenting 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer s disease risk to aid in diagnostic evaluation. The test is not intended as a stand-alone diagnostic test and test results will be interpreted in conjunction with other diagnostic tools to establish a final clinical diagnosis. This test has not been otherwise cleared or approved by the FDA and Breakthrough Device designation does not guarantee that the FDA review and approval process will be shortened or that an application will be approved. We do not expect material revenue from this test, or other Lucent Diagnostics tests, until late 2024 or later, if at all. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2023, we substantially completed our six-quarter assay redevelopment program. The objective of this operational program was to improve our ability to manufacture and deliver high-quality assays at scale. We have now launched five new Simoa Advantage PLUS assays, which have been developed using improved protocols, by leveraging manufacturing efficiencies and reagent improvements to provide more consistent results and improved lot-to-lot consistency, and through enabling production of larger lot sizes with extended shelf lives. These assays began shipping to customers in the first quarter of 2024. We expect to continue to apply these improved protocols and manufacturing efficiencies to other existing assays as well as assays that we may develop in the future. 
 
 Comparison of Results of Operations for Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 The following table sets forth select Consolidated Statements of Operations data, and such data as a percentage of total revenues (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended March 31, Increase (Decrease) 2024 of revenue 2023 of revenue Amount (As Restated) (As Restated) 
 Revenues: Product revenue 19,670 61 19,360 68 310 2 Service and other revenue 11,967 37 8,506 30 3,461 41 Collaboration and license revenue 155 368 1 (213) (58) Grant revenue 274 1 222 1 52 23 Total revenues 32,066 100 28,456 100 3,610 13 Costs of goods sold and services: Cost of product revenue 8,237 26 7,879 28 358 5 Cost of service and other revenue 5,281 16 4,584 16 697 15 Total costs of goods sold and services 13,518 42 12,463 44 1,055 8 Gross profit 18,548 58 15,993 56 2,555 16 Operating expenses: Research and development 6,742 21 4,987 18 1,755 35 Selling, general and administrative 26,039 81 20,784 73 5,255 25 Other lease costs 924 3 800 3 124 16 Total operating expenses 33,705 105 26,571 93 7,134 27 Loss from operations (15,157) (47) (10,578) (37) 4,579 43 Interest income 3,948 12 3,449 12 499 14 Other income (expense), net 
 226 1 (5) 231 (4,620) Loss before income taxes (10,983) (34) (7,134) (25) 3,849 54 Income tax expense (180) (1) (140) 40 29 Net loss (11,163) (35) (7,274) (26) 3,889 53 
 Revenues (As Restated) 
 Total revenues increased 3.6 million, or 13 , to 32.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024, compared to 28.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Product revenue of 19.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 consisted of instrument sales of 2.5 million and sales of consumables and other products of 17.1 million. This represented an increase of 0.3 million, or 2 , compared to product revenue of 19.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023. The increase in product revenue was primarily due to a 3.0 million increase in sales of consumables from increases in both customer demand and selling prices. This increase was partially offset by a 2.7 million decrease in instrument sales due to reduced demand in what we believe is a constrained capital funding environment. Based on this, we expect softness in instrument sales to continue for the remainder of 2024. 
 Service revenue was 12.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024, compared to 8.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023, an increase of 3.5 million, or 41 . This increase was primarily due to a 3.2 million increase in Accelerator Laboratory revenue driven by higher volumes of sample testing and assay development services. We expect to see continued growth in Accelerator Laboratory services through 2024. 
 Cost of Goods Sold and Services (As Restated) 
 Total cost of goods sold and services increased 1.1 million , or 8 , to 13.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 , compared to 12.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 . 
 Cost of product revenue increased 0.4 million , or 5 , to 8.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 , compared to 7.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 . This increase was primarily due to consumables related revenue increases, including compensation and benefit costs from increased headcount, and was partially offset by decreased costs due to lower instrument revenue. 
 Cost of service and other revenue increased 0.7 million , or 15 , to 5.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 , compared to 4.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 . This increase was primarily due to the increase in Accelerator Laboratory revenue, including compensation and benefit costs from increased headcount and increased volume of lab supplies used. 
 Research and Development (As Restated) 
 Research and development expense increased 1.8 million, or 35 , to 6.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 , compared to 5.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023. This increase was primarily due to a 1.1 million increase in compensation and benefits costs related to increased headcount, and a 0.5 million increase in professional services and research lab supplies and equipment to enable product development. We expect research and development expense to continue to increase throughout 2024 due to continued investments in product development and new offerings. 
 Selling, General and Administrative (As Restated) 
 Selling, general and administrative expense increased 5.3 million, or 25 , to 26.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024, compared to 20.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023. The primary reason for the increase is additional headcount to expand the size of our sales team. More specifically, the increase was primarily due to (1) a 3.3 million increase in personnel related costs, primarily compensation and benefits related to increased headcount, (2) a 1.1 million increase in stock-based compensation expense due to increased headcount, and (3) a 0.6 million increase in travel related expenses. Included within selling, general, and administrative expense are 2.1 million and 1.8 million of shipping and handling costs for product sales for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Other Lease Costs (As Restated) 
 Other lease costs increased 0.1 million , or 16 to 0.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 , compared to 0.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023. Following our restructuring in 2022, we are not using two leased office and laboratory facilities and are evaluating alternatives, including sub-leasing the facilities . Other lease costs include amortization of the related operating lease right-of-use assets and other leased facility operating expenses from periods after the restructuring and determination that the facilities would not be used. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income 
 Interest income increased 0.5 million , or 14 , to 3.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 , as compared to 3.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 . This increase was primarily due to higher interest rates earned on cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, and the accretion of discounts from the purchase of marketable securities. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net (As Restated) 
 Other income (expense), net was 0.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to less than 0.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense was 0.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to 0.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to estimated foreign income taxes. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and funds generated from sales of our products and services. As of March 31, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 45.3 million and 256.6 million of available for sale marketable securities. Historically we have also financed our operations through equity offerings and borrowings from credit facilities. 
 We believe our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, along with funds generated from sales of our products and services, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash requirements for at least 12 months from the date of the Original Report. 
 Our liquidity requirements have consisted, and we expect that they will continue to consist, of sales and marketing expenses, research and development expenses, working capital, and general corporate expenses. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, our pace of growth, expansion and introduction of new products and services, including Lucent Diagnostics, and advancing access to our diagnostic tests, market acceptance of our products and services, regulatory requirements, regulatory approval of our products or services, and the effects of competition, technological developments, and broader market and economic trends. 
 We regularly assess potential acquisitions and pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses, services, and technologies. To the extent our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are insufficient to fund future activities or requirements to continue operating our business, we may need to raise additional capital. If the conditions for raising capital are favorable, we may seek to finance future cash needs through public or private equity, debt offerings, or other financings. 
 If needed, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain additional funds on acceptable terms, or at all. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity or equity-linked securities, our stockholders may experience dilution. Future debt financing, if available, may involve covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur additional debt. Any debt or equity financing that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties, it may be necessary to relinquish some rights to our technologies or our products, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If we do not have or are not able to obtain sufficient funds, if needed, we may have to delay development or commercialization of our products and services. We also may have to reduce marketing, customer support, or other resources devoted to our products, or cease operations. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 2023 (As Restated) 
 Net cash used in operating activities (20,164) (9,824) Net cash used in investing activities (109,195) (136) Net cash provided by financing activities 599 551 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (128,760) (9,409) 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities (As Restated) 
 We derive cash flows from operations primarily from the sale of our products and services. Our cash flows from operating activities are also significantly influenced by our use of cash for operating expenses to develop new products and services, invest in process and product improvements, and increase our sales and marketing efforts. We have historically experienced negative cash flows from operating activities as we have developed our technology, expanded our business, and built our infrastructure. We expect negative cash flows from operating activities will continue in the future. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 20.2 million and 9.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The 10.4 million increase in net cash used in operating activities was primarily driven by an overall increase in our net loss, adjusted for non-cash items including stock-based compensation and the accretion of our marketable securities. The increase was further driven by changes in working capital items, primarily (1) an increase in accounts receivable and deferred revenue from sales timing and revenue growth, (2) an increase in inventory as a result of completing the assay development program and manufacturing and stocking new assays, and (3) a decrease in accrued compensation. 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Our primary investing activities consist of purchases of marketable securities to increase the interest income we would otherwise earn in cash accounts. Additionally, we use funds towards capital expenditures for the purchase of property and equipment to support our expanding infrastructure and work force. We expect to continue to incur additional capital expenditures related to these efforts in future periods. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 109.2 million during the three months ended March 31, 2024, which consisted of the purchase of 137.9 million of marketable securities and 0.5 million of purchases of property and equipment, offset by proceeds from the maturities of marketable securities of 29.2 million. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was not material during the three months ended March 31, 2023. 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Financing activities provided 0.6 million of cash during both the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 , from sales of our common stock under our employee stock purchase plan and from the exercise of options under our equity incentive plan . 
 Future Cash Obligations 
 As of March 31, 2024, there have been no material changes to our contractual obligations and commitments from those described in the section titled Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Amended Annual Report. 
 In addition to the cash commitments disclosed in our Amended Annual Report, we may have other payables and liabilities that may be legally enforceable but are not considered contractual commitments. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our critical accounting policies and significant estimates that involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity are described in the section titled Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies, Significant Judgments and Estimates included in our Amended Annual Report. 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as previously disclosed in that report. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To supplement our financial statements presented on a U.S. GAAP basis, we present non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP total operating expenses, and non-GAAP loss from operations. These non-GAAP measures are calculated by including shipping and handling costs for product sales within cost of product revenue instead of within selling, general and administrative expenses. We use these non-GAAP measures to evaluate our operating performance in a manner that allows for meaningful period-to-period comparison and analysis of trends in our business and our competitors. We believe that presentation of these non-GAAP measures provides useful information to investors in assessing our operating performance within our industry and to allow comparability to the presentation of other companies in our industry where shipping and handling costs are included in cost of goods sold for products. The non-GAAP financial information presented here should be considered in conjunction with, and not as a substitute for, the financial information presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Set forth below is a reconciliation of non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP total operating expenses, and non-GAAP loss from operations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 2023 (As Restated) 
 (As Restated) 
 GAAP gross profit 18,548 15,993 Shipping and handling costs (2,142) (1,829) Non-GAAP gross profit 16,406 14,164 GAAP revenue 32,066 28,456 GAAP gross margin (gross profit as of revenue) 57.8 56.2 Non-GAAP gross margin (non-GAAP gross profit as of revenue) 51.2 49.8 GAAP total operating expenses 33,705 26,571 Shipping and handling costs (2,142) (1,829) Non-GAAP total operating expenses 31,563 24,742 GAAP loss from operations (15,157) (10,578) Non-GAAP loss from operations (15,157) (10,578) 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 3 Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Amended Report for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and effects on our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 As previously disclosed in the section titled Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures in our Amended Annual Report, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2023 due to the material weaknesses in the effectiveness of our internal controls associated with 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 the valuation of our inventory, inclusive of the subsequently identified control design deficiency related to the capitalization of labor and overhead costs in our inventory balances (the Inventory Valuation MW ), and the accounting for property and equipment, net (the Property and Equipment MW ). 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Based on our updated evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting under the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and in light of the material weaknesses discussed above, our management continued to conclude that our internal control over financing reporting was not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of March 31, 2024. 
 If not remediated, or if we identify further material weaknesses in our internal control, our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could result in additional material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements or a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We have established disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide a reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2024 . Because our efforts to remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting are still underway and we have not had a sufficient period of time to test the operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which we view as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at a reasonable assurance level as of March 31, 2024 . 
 Nevertheless, based on a number of factors, including the performance of additional procedures by management designed to ensure the reliability of our financial reporting, we believe that the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows as of the dates, and for the periods, presented, in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 Remediation Efforts 
 Management, with oversight from the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, continues taking steps to remediate the control deficiencies that resulted in the Inventory Valuation MW and Property and Equipment MW described above by implementing changes to our internal control over financial reporting. Our remediation plans, which include addressing the additional deficiency related to the Restatement, include, but are not limited to, the efforts summarized below: 
 we have engaged accounting advisory consultants to: 
 implement new software solutions to automate key manual inventory valuation processes and outputs, some of which we began to use in the second quarter of 2024; 
 assess our current enterprise resource planning system and identify opportunities to enhance our use of the system through automating certain controls and processes, for which development of system enhancements were made and continue to be underway; and 
 design new internal controls evaluating the accounting for inventory, including enhancements to inventory valuation review procedures. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 we have redesigned our analysis of labor and overhead cost capitalization, including related controls; 
 we continue to strengthen and document our existing controls and, starting in the first quarter of 2024, have implemented additional compensating controls and will continue to do so throughout the remainder of fiscal year 2024; 
 we continue to execute controls that we worked to improve during fiscal year 2023 that did not have a sufficient period of time to demonstrate operating effectiveness as of December 31, 2023; 
 we have hired a Head of SOX Transformation to oversee the remediation of our material weaknesses and further drive improvements across our internal controls; 
 we continue to evaluate, enhance, and add personnel in the finance organization with a focus on the requisite experience in the areas of accounting, SEC financial reporting, and associated internal controls; 
 we have hired additional accounting consultants to provide additional depth and breadth in our period end closes, financial reporting capabilities, and internal controls compliance until we have filled key additions or vacancies on our team with qualified personnel for a sufficient period of overlap to ensure successful transition of responsibilities; 
 we continue to enhance the effectiveness of the related controls based on the recommendations provided by the third-party consulting firm we engaged to assess our remediation plan; and 
 we continue to provide trainings on a regular basis related to internal control over financial reporting for all control owners. 
 
 We have taken significant steps in our remediation plan and continue our efforts to remediate the material weaknesses described above. We believe that the implementation of the above steps will allow us to address the deficient controls within our internal control environment. As we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting, we will take additional measures to address control deficiencies and we may modify certain of the remediation measures described above. Following our design and implementation of our remediation efforts, we will need to demonstrate their operating effectiveness. We expect the remediation of the Property and Equipment MW to continue through fiscal year 2024 and based on the Restatement, we expect the remediation of the Inventory Valuation MW, including the additional control design deficiency, will continue into fiscal year 2025. We will not be able to consider any material weakness remediated until the applicable remedial controls operate for a sufficient period of time and our management has concluded, through testing, that our controls are operating effectively. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Other than the changes outlined to remediate the material weaknesses described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description Filed 
 Herewith 
 Incorporated by 
 Reference herein 
 from Form or Schedule 
 Filing Date SEC File/ 
 Reg. 
 Number 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 8-K 12/15/2017 001-38319 3.2 Restated Bylaws. 
 10-Q 8/8/2023 001-38319 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certifications of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition. X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). X 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 QUANTERIX CORPORATION Dated: December 23, 2024 
 By: /s/ Masoud Toloue Masoud Toloue President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Dated: December 23, 2024 
 By: /s/ Vandana Sriram Vandana Sriram Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 
 43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a311_restatementqtrx-20240.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 
 I, Masoud Toloue, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Quanterix Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date December 23, 2024 
 s Masoud Toloue Masoud Toloue President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a312_restatementqtrx-20240.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 
 I, Vandana Sriram, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Quanterix Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date December 23, 2024 
 s Vandana Sriram Vandana Sriram Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a321_restatementqtrx-20240.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 906 
 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Quanterix Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 The Amendment No.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report for the period ended March 31, 2024 (the Form 10-Q A of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-Q A fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated December 23, 2024 
 s Masoud Toloue Masoud Toloue President and Chief Executive Officer Dated December 23, 2024 
 s Vandana Sriram Vandana Sriram Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 qtrx-20240331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 qtrx-20240331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 qtrx-20240331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 qtrx-20240331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 qtrx-20240331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

