<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1699136_0001699136-24-000118.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6151015</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>81231</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1247095</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1802861</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1623178</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1300502</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001699136-24-000118.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031161239
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001699136-24-000118
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cactus, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001699136
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL & GAS FILED MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3533]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				352586106
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38390
		FILM NUMBER:		241415355

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		920 MEMORIAL CITY WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-626-8800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		920 MEMORIAL CITY WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77024

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001699136-24-000118.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 whd-20240930.htm
 10-Q

whd-20240930 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (MARK ONE) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 Commission File Number: 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 29, 2024, the registrant had shares of Class A common stock, 0.01 par value per share, and shares of Class B common stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 i 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 25 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 25 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 26 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 26 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 27 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 27 
 Signatures 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). When used in this Quarterly Report, the words could, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, expect, project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions about future events and are based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. We caution you that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. When considering forward looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (our 2023 Annual Report and other cautionary statements contained herein and in our Exchange Act filings. Forward looking statements are based on management s current belief, based on currently available information, as to the outcome and timing of future events. Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described in our 2023 Annual Report or other Exchange Act filings occur, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. 
 All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this Quarterly Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report. 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 CACTUS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets 

Current assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 
 Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 
 Intangible assets, net Goodwill 
 Deferred tax asset, net 
 Other noncurrent assets 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities and Equity 
 Current liabilities 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Earn-out liability Current portion of liability related to tax receivable agreement 
 Finance lease obligations, current portion 
 Operating lease liabilities, current portion 
 Total current liabilities 
 Deferred tax liability, net 
 Liability related to tax receivable agreement, net of current portion 
 Finance lease obligations, net of current portion 
 Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 
 Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies 

par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 
 Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity attributable to Cactus Inc. Non-controlling interest 
 Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 CACTUS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues 

Product revenue 
 Rental revenue 
 Field service and other revenue 
 Total revenues 
 Costs and expenses 
 Cost of product revenue 
 Cost of rental revenue 
 Cost of field service and other revenue 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Change in fair value of earn-out liability ) Total costs and expenses 
 Operating income 
 Interest income (expense), net ) ) Other income, net Income before income taxes 
 Income tax expense Net income 
 Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interest 
 Net income attributable to Cactus Inc. 
 
 Earnings per Class A share - basic 
 Earnings per Class A share - diluted 
 
 Weighted average Class A shares outstanding - basic 
 Weighted average Class A shares outstanding - diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 CACTUS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 ) ) Comprehensive income 
 Less: comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest 
 Comprehensive income attributable to Cactus Inc. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

CACTUS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Class A Class B Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Common Stock Common Stock (in thousands) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Member distributions ) ) Effect of CC Unit redemptions ) ) Tax impact of equity transactions Equity award vestings ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Net income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Member distributions ) ) Effect of CC Unit redemptions ) ) Tax impact of equity transactions ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Net income Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

CACTUS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Class A Class B Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Common Stock Common Stock (in thousands) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Member distributions ) ) Effect of CC Unit redemptions ) ) Tax impact of equity transactions Equity award vestings ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Share repurchases ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Net income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Issuance of common stock Member distributions ) ) Effect of CC Unit redemptions ) ) Tax impact of equity transactions ) Equity award vestings ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Share repurchases ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Net income Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

CACTUS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 
 Reconciliation of net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Deferred financing cost amortization 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Provision for expected credit losses 
 Inventory obsolescence 
 Gain on disposal of assets ) ) Deferred income taxes 
 Change in fair value of earn-out liability Gain from revaluation of liability related to tax receivable agreement ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable 
 ) Inventories 
 ) Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 ) Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Payments pursuant to tax receivable agreement ) ) Payment of earn-out liability ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 Acquisition of a business, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired ) Capital expenditures and other 
 ) ) Proceeds from sales of assets Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) Cash flows from financing activities 
 Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt Repayments of borrowings of long-term debt ) Net proceeds from the issuance of Class A common stock Payments of deferred financing costs ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Payments on finance leases 
 ) ) Dividends paid to Class A common stock shareholders 
 ) ) Distributions to members 
 ) ) Repurchases of shares 
 ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 
 Net cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities: 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations Property and equipment in accounts payable 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

CACTUS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data, or as otherwise indicated) 
 
 1. 
 per share Class A common stock ). Except as otherwise indicated or required by the context, all references to Cactus, we, us and our refer to Cactus Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 On February 28, 2023, Cactus Inc. through one of its subsidiaries, completed the acquisition of the FlexSteel business through a merger (the Merger with HighRidge Resources, Inc. and its subsidiaries HighRidge ). On February 27, 2023, in order to facilitate the Merger with HighRidge, an internal reorganization was completed in which Cactus Companies acquired all of the outstanding units representing ownership interests in Cactus Wellhead, LLC Cactus LLC ), the operating subsidiary of Cactus Inc. (the CC Reorganization ). The purpose of the Merger was to effect the acquisition of the operations of FlexSteel Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries. FlexSteel Holdings, Inc. was a wholly-owned subsidiary of HighRidge prior to the Merger and was converted into a limited liability company, contributed from HighRidge to Cactus Companies as part of the CC Reorganization and is now named FlexSteel Holdings, LLC FlexSteel ). The results of operations of FlexSteel have been reflected in our accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements from the closing date of the acquisition. See Note 2 for additional information related to the acquisition. 
 Following the acquisition of FlexSteel, we now operate in business segments: Pressure Control and Spoolable Technologies. 
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP for interim financial information. Accordingly, these consolidated financial statements do not include all information or notes required by generally accepted accounting principles for annual financial statements and should be read together with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 The consolidated financial statements include all adjustments, which are of a normal recurring nature, unless otherwise disclosed, necessary for a fair statement of the consolidated financial statements for the interim periods. The results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. 
 7 

2. 
 million with a potential future earn-out payment of up to million, if certain revenue targets were met by FlexSteel through the period ending June 30, 2024. 
 Purchase Price Consideration 
 million and is summarized as follows: 
 Purchase Price Consideration Cash consideration Add: Contingent consideration (1) 
 Fair value of consideration transferred 
 million of additional cash consideration if certain revenue targets were met by FlexSteel. The estimated fair value of the earn-out payment was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation methodology based on probability-weighted performance projections and other inputs, including a discount rate. 
 Changes in the fair value of the earn-out liability subsequent to the acquisition date have been recognized in the consolidated statements of income. The contingent consideration earn-out period ended on June 30, 2024 and resulted in an earn-out liability of million. The earn-out payment was made in September 2024. 
 8 

Receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Identifiable intangible assets Other noncurrent assets Total assets acquired Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Finance lease obligations ) Operating lease liabilities ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired Goodwill 
 
 The acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, with Cactus being treated as the accounting acquirer. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets and liabilities were recorded at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. Fair values were determined by management, based in part on independent valuations performed by third-party valuation specialists. The valuation methods used to determine the fair value of intangible assets included the excess earnings approach for customer relationships and backlog using customer inputs and contributory charges and the relief from royalty method for tradename and developed technology. 
 
 The fair values determined for accounts receivable, accounts payable and most other current assets and liabilities, other than inventory, were equivalent to the carrying value due to their short-term nature. Acquired inventories were comprised of raw materials, work-in-progress and finished goods. The fair value of finished goods was calculated as the estimated selling price, less costs of the selling effort and a reasonable profit allowance relating to the selling effort. The fair value of identifiable fixed assets was calculated using a combination of valuation approaches, but primarily consisted of the cost approach which adjusts estimates of replacement cost for the age, condition and utility of the associated assets. 
 
 Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired. 
 Pro forma financial information 
 The pro forma financial information below represents the combined results of operations as if the acquisition had occurred as of January 1, 2022. 
 Net Income attributable to Cactus, Inc. 

9 

3. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses to provide for the amount of billed receivables we believe to be at risk of loss. In our determination of the allowance for credit losses, we pool receivables with similar risk characteristics based on customer size, credit ratings, payment history, bankruptcy status and other factors known to us, and then apply an expected credit loss percentage. The expected credit loss percentage is determined using historical loss data adjusted for current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. Accounts deemed uncollectible are applied against the allowance for credit losses. 
 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 4. 
 
 Work-in-progress Finished goods 
 10 

5. 
 
 Buildings and improvements 
 Machinery and equipment 
 Reels and skids Vehicles Rental equipment Furniture and fixtures 
 Computers and software 
 Gross property and equipment 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Net property and equipment 
 Construction in progress 
 Total property and equipment, net 

6. 
 ) ) Developed technology ) ) Tradename ) ) Backlog ) ) Total ) ) 
 All intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The weighted average amortization period for identifiable intangible assets acquired as of September 30, 2024 is years. Amortization expense recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively, and was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 11 

7. 
 bank debt outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. We had million in letters of credit outstanding, and we were in compliance with all covenants under the Amended ABL Credit Facility (as defined below) as of September 30, 2024. 
 In August 2018, Cactus LLC entered into a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility with a syndicate of lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent for such lenders and as an issuing bank and swingline lender (the ABL Credit Facility ). The ABL Credit Facility was amended in September 2020 and July 2022. On February 28, 2023, in connection with the Merger, Cactus Companies assumed the rights and obligations of Cactus LLC as Borrower under the ABL Credit Facility, and the ABL Credit Facility was amended and restated in its entirety (the Amended ABL Credit Facility ). The Amended ABL Credit Facility provided a term loan of million and up to million in revolving commitments, of which million is available for the issuance of letters of credit. Subject to certain terms and conditions set forth in the Amended ABL Credit Facility, Cactus Companies may request additional revolving commitments in an amount not to exceed million, for a total of up to million in revolving commitments. The term loan under the Amended ABL Credit Facility was set to mature on February 27, 2026 and any revolving loans under the Amended ABL Credit Facility mature on July 26, 2027. The maximum amount that Cactus Companies may borrow under the Amended ABL Credit Facility is subject to a borrowing base, which is based on a percentage of eligible accounts receivable and eligible inventory, subject to reserves and other adjustments. 
 We borrowed the full million term loan amount and million as a revolving loan at closing of the Amended ABL Credit Facility to fund a portion of the Merger. The term loan was required to be repaid in regular set amounts starting July 1, 2023 as set forth in the amortization schedule in the Amended ABL Credit Facility and could be prepaid without the payment of any prepayment premium (other than customary breakage costs for Term Benchmark (as defined below) borrowings). The term loan and revolving loan were repaid in full in July 2023. 
 Borrowings under the Amended ABL Credit Facility bear interest at Cactus Companies option at either (i) the Alternate Base Rate (as defined therein) ABR ), or (ii) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (as defined therein) Term Benchmark ), plus, in each case, an applicable margin. Letters of credit issued under the Amended ABL Credit Facility accrue fees at a rate equal to the applicable margin for Term Benchmark borrowings. The applicable margin is per annum for term loan ABR borrowings and per annum for term loan Term Benchmark borrowings. The applicable margin for revolving loan borrowings ranges from to per annum for revolving loan ABR borrowings and to per annum for revolving loan Term Benchmark borrowings and, in each case, is based on the average quarterly availability of the revolving loan commitment under the Amended ABL Credit Facility for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter. The unused portion of revolving commitment under the Amended ABL Credit Facility is subject to a commitment fee of per annum. 
 The Amended ABL Credit Facility contains various covenants and restrictive provisions that limit Cactus Companies and each of its subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness and create liens, make investments or loans, merge or consolidate with other companies, sell assets, make certain restricted payments and distributions, and engage in transactions with affiliates. The obligations under the Amended ABL Credit Facility are guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of Cactus Companies and secured by a security interest in accounts receivable, inventory, equipment and certain other real and personal property assets of Cactus Companies and the guarantors. Until the term loan was paid in full, the Amended ABL Credit Facility required Cactus Companies to maintain a leverage ratio no greater than to 1.00 based on the ratio of Total Indebtedness (as defined therein) to EBITDA (as defined therein). The Amended ABL Credit Facility requires Cactus Companies to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of based on the ratio of EBITDA (as defined therein) minus Unfinanced Capital Expenditures (as defined therein) to Fixed Charges (as defined therein) during certain periods, including when availability under the Amended ABL Credit Facility is under certain levels. If Cactus Companies fails to perform its obligations under the Amended ABL Credit Facility, (i) the revolving commitments under the Amended ABL Credit Facility could be terminated, (ii) any outstanding borrowings under the Amended ABL Credit Facility may be declared immediately due and payable, and (iii) the lenders may commence foreclosure or other actions against the collateral. 
 The Amended ABL Credit Facility was amended in December 2023 to incorporate certain changes related to revised and new definitions associated with the satisfaction of payment conditions for restricted payments, investments, permitted acquisitions, periodic reporting and asset dispositions. The amendment did not change the ABR, applicable margin rates, commitment fees, the maturity date, borrowing availability or covenants under the Amended ABL Credit Facility other than timing of certain reporting requirements. 
 12 

8. 
 
 Rental revenue 
 Field service and other revenue 
 Total revenues 
 At September 30, 2024, we had a deferred revenue balance of million compared to the December 31, 2023 balance of million. Deferred revenue represents our obligation to transfer products to or perform services for a customer for which we have received cash or billed our customers in advance of delivering products or services. The revenue that has been deferred will be recognized upon product delivery or as services are performed. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any contracts with an original length of greater than a year from which revenue is expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied. 
 
 9. 
 of the net cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax and franchise tax that Cactus Inc. actually realizes, or is deemed to realize in certain circumstances. Cactus Inc. retains the benefit of the remaining of these net cash savings. 
 The TRA liability is calculated by determining the tax basis subject to the TRA tax basis and applying a blended tax rate to the basis differences and calculating the resulting iterative impact. The blended tax rate consists of the U.S. federal income tax rate and an assumed combined state and local income tax rate driven by the apportionment factors applicable to each state. Subsequent changes to the measurement of the TRA liability are recognized in the statements of income as a component of other expense, net. As of September 30, 2024, the total liability from the TRA was million with million reflected in current liabilities based on the expected timing of our next payments. The current liability of million is based on the expected timing of a remaining payment associated with the 2023 tax year, combined with expected payments pertaining to the 2024 tax year to be made within the next calendar year. The payments under the TRA will not be conditional on a holder of rights under the TRA having a continued ownership interest in either Cactus Companies or Cactus Inc. 
 13 

basis points. Additionally, all references to Cactus LLC were replaced with references to Cactus Companies in relation to the CC Reorganization. 
 
 10. 
 of Cactus Companies as compared to of Cactus Companies as of December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, Cactus Inc. had outstanding million shares of Class A common stock (representing of the total voting power) and million shares of Class B common stock (representing of the total voting power). 
 Equity Offering 
 In January 2023, Cactus Inc. completed an underwritten offering of shares of Class A common stock at a price to the underwriters of per share for net proceeds of million (net of million of underwriting discounts and commissions). In addition to the underwriting discounts and commissions, approximately million of costs directly associated with the stock issuance were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. 
 FlexSteel Acquisition 
 In conjunction with the FlexSteel acquisition, a restricted stock award of shares of Class A common stock was issued under the Company s long-term incentive plan to a key employee in exchange for cash consideration of million. The shares were restricted from sale or trading and were subject to vesting requirements for from grant date. 
 CC Reorganization 
 As part of the CC Reorganization in connection with the acquisition of FlexSteel, Cactus Companies acquired all of the outstanding units representing limited liability company interests of Cactus LLC CW Units in exchange for an equal number of CC Units issued to each of the previous owners of CW Units other than Cactus Inc. (the CW Unit Holders ). Upon the completion of the CC Reorganization, CW Unit Holders ceased to be holders of CW Units and, instead, became holders of a number of CC Units equal to the number of CW Units such CW Unit Holders held immediately prior to the completion of the CC Reorganization. After the CC Reorganization, we refer to the owners of CC Units, other than Cactus Inc. (along with their permitted transferees), as CC Unit Holders. Following the completion of the CC Reorganization, CC Unit Holders own share of our Class B Common Stock for each CC Unit such CC Unit Holder owns. 
 In connection with the CC Reorganization, Cactus Inc. and the owners of CC Units entered into the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of Cactus Companies (the Cactus Companies LLC Agreement ), which contains substantially the same terms and conditions as the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of Cactus LLC (the Cactus Wellhead LLC Agreement ), which was the limited liability company operating agreement of Cactus LLC prior to the CC Reorganization. Cactus Inc. was responsible for all operational, management and administrative decisions relating to Cactus LLC s business for the period from completion of our IPO until the CC Reorganization and relating to Cactus Companies business for periods after the CC Reorganization. 
 14 

million CC Units (including CW Units prior to the CC Reorganization) and a corresponding number of shares of Class B common stock have been redeemed in exchange for shares of Class A common stock. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, million and million CC Units, respectively, together with a corresponding number of shares of Class B common stock, were redeemed in exchange for Class A common stock in accordance with the Cactus Companies LLC Agreement. 
 Dividends 
 Aggregate cash dividends of and per share of Class A common stock were declared during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaling million and million, respectively. Cash dividends paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled million and million, respectively. Dividends accrue on unvested equity-based awards on the date of record and are paid upon vesting. Dividends are not paid to our Class B common stockholders; however, a corresponding distribution up to the same amount per share as our Class A common stockholders is paid to the owners of CC Units other than Cactus Inc. for any dividends declared on our Class A common stock. See further discussion of the distributions below under Member Distributions. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On June 6, 2023, our board of directors authorized the Company to repurchase shares of its Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of up to million. Under our share repurchase program, shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions or block trades, in privately negotiated transactions or any other method permitted under U.S. securities laws, rules and regulations. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to purchase any particular amount of shares, and the repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased and retired shares of Class A common stock for million, at an average price per share of excluding commissions, under the share repurchase program. As of September 30, 2024, million remained authorized for future repurchases of Class A common stock under the program. 
 Member Distributions 
 Distributions made by Cactus Companies are generally required to be made pro rata among all its members. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Cactus Companies distributed million to Cactus Inc. to fund its dividend, TRA and estimated tax payments and made pro rata distributions to the other members totaling million over the same period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Cactus Companies distributed million to Cactus Inc. to fund its dividend and estimated tax payments and made pro rata distributions to the other members totaling million. 
 Limitation of Members Liability 
 Under the terms of the Cactus Companies LLC Agreement, the members of Cactus Companies are not obligated for debt, liabilities, contracts or other obligations of Cactus Companies. Profits and losses are allocated to members as defined in the Cactus Companies LLC Agreement. 
 
 11. 
 
 12. 
 15 

million using Level 3 unobservable inputs. The fair value at December 31, 2023 was determined based on the evaluation of the probability and amount of earn-out that may be achieved based on expected future performance of FlexSteel using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The Monte Carlo simulation model used assumptions including revenue volatilities, risk free rates, credit discount rates and revenue discount rates. 
 to Expected revenue volatility Revenue discount rate to Credit discount rate 
 Changes in fair value Balance at December 31, 2023 
 The FlexSteel acquisition contingent consideration earn-out period ended June 30, 2024. The earn-out payment was made in September 2024. 
 The fair value of our foreign currency forwards was less than million as of September 30, 2024 and was determined using market observable inputs including forward and spot prices (Level 2 inputs). 
 
 13. 
 business segments that offer different products and services and correspond to the manner in which our chief operating decision maker reviews and evaluates operating performance to make decisions about resources to be allocated to each segment. 
 Our reporting segments are: 
 Pressure Control engaged in the design, manufacture, sale, installation, service and associated rental of wellhead and pressure control equipment utilized during the drilling, completion and production phases of oil and gas wells. 
 Spoolable Technologies engaged in the design, manufacture, sale, installation, service and associated rental of onshore spoolable pipe technologies utilized for production, gathering and takeaway transportation of oil, gas or other liquids. 
 16 

Spoolable Technologies Corporate and other (1) 
 ) ) Total revenues Operating income: Pressure Control Spoolable Technologies Total segment operating income Corporate and other (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Total operating income Interest income (expense), net ) ) Other income, net Income before income taxes 
 (1) Represents the elimination of inter-segment revenue for sales from our Pressure Control segment to our Spoolable Technologies segment. 
 (2) Includes corporate and other costs not directly attributable to our reporting segments, such as corporate executive management and other administrative functions. Prior to January 1, 2024, these costs were previously included in the Pressure Control segment. The information for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 has been recast to align with the presentation for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 14. 
 17 

Net income attributable to non-controlling interest (1) 
 Net income attributable to Cactus Inc. diluted (1) 
 Denominator: 
 Weighted average Class A shares outstanding basic 
 Effect of dilutive shares (2) 
 Weighted average Class A shares outstanding diluted (2) 
 
 Earnings per Class A share basic 
 Earnings per Class A share diluted (1)(2) 
 
 (1) The numerator is adjusted in the calculation of diluted earnings per share under the if-converted method to include net income attributable to the non-controlling interest calculated as its pre-tax income adjusted for a corporate effective tax rate of for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (2) Diluted earnings per share for the three months ended September 30, 2023 excludes million weighted average shares of Class B common stock as the effect would be anti-dilutive. 
 
 18 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Except as otherwise indicated or required by the context, all references in this Quarterly Report to the Company, Cactus, we, us and our refer to Cactus, Inc. Cactus Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated as discussed in these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of risks and uncertainties, which are difficult to predict, including those described above in Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, and in the risk factors included in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed may not occur. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements except as otherwise required by law. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 Cactus is an equipment solutions provider primarily for onshore oil and gas markets. Founded in 2011 by a management group that previously operated two of the largest wellhead providers at the time, Cactus has rapidly grown to be a leading provider of wellhead solutions to the U.S. onshore market. On February 28, 2023, Cactus acquired FlexSteel, which similarly grew from its founding in 2003 to its current status as a leading provider of spoolable pipe technologies, primarily to the U.S. onshore market. We believe this acquisition enhances our position as a premier manufacturer and provider of highly engineered equipment to the exploration and production ("E P") industry and should provide meaningful growth. We further believe FlexSteel s products are highly complementary to Cactus equipment as it expands our exposure to our customers operations from production trees to transportation of oil, gas and other liquids, as well as to additional customers operating in the midstream area. 
 Demand for our products and services depends primarily upon oil and gas industry activity levels, including the number of active drilling rigs, the number of wells being drilled, the number of wells being completed, and the volume of newly producing wells, among other factors. 
 Revenues 
 Our revenues are derived from three sources: products, rentals, and field service and other. Product revenues are derived from the sale of wellhead systems, production trees and spoolable pipe and fittings. Rental revenues are derived from the rental of equipment used during the completion process, the repair of such equipment, and the rental of equipment or tools used to install wellhead equipment or spoolable pipe. Field service and other revenues are earned when we provide installation and other field services for both product sales and equipment rental. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we derived 76 of total revenues from the sale of our products, 9 of total revenues from rental and 15 of total revenues from field service and other. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we derived 74 of total revenues from the sale of our products, 10 of total revenues from rental and 16 of total revenues from field service and other. We have predominantly domestic operations, with more limited operations in Australia, Canada, and the Middle East, as well as sales in other international markets. 
 We operate in two business segments consisting of the Pressure Control segment and the Spoolable Technologies segment. 
 Pressure Control 
 The Pressure Control segment designs, manufactures, sells and rents a range of wellhead and pressure control equipment under the Cactus Wellhead brand. Products are sold and rented principally for onshore unconventional oil and gas wells and are utilized during the drilling, completion and production phases of our customers wells. In addition, we provide field services for all of our products and rental items to assist with the installation, maintenance and handling of the equipment. 
 We operate through service centers in the United States, which are strategically located in the key oil and gas producing regions, and in Australia. These service centers support our field services and provide equipment assembly and repair services. We also provide rental and service operations in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Pressure Control manufacturing and production facilities are located in Bossier City, Louisiana and Suzhou, China. 
 19 

Demand for our product sales in the Pressure Control segment is driven primarily by the number of new wells drilled, as each new well requires a wellhead and, after the completion phase, a production tree. Demand for our rental items is driven primarily by the number of well completions as we rent frac trees to oil and gas operators to assist in hydraulic fracturing. Rental demand is also driven to a lesser extent by drilling activity as we rent tools used in the installation of wellheads. Field service and other revenues are closely correlated with revenues from product sales and rentals, as items sold or rented almost always have an associated service component. 
 Spoolable Technologies 
 The Spoolable Technologies segment designs, manufactures, and sells spoolable pipe and associated end fittings under the FlexSteel brand. Our customers use these products primarily as production, gathering, and takeaway pipelines to transport oil, gas or other liquids. In addition, we also provide field services and rental items to assist our customers with the installation of these products. We support our field service operations through service centers and pipe yards located in oil and gas regions throughout the United States and Western Canada. Our manufacturing facility is located in Baytown, Texas. 
 Demand for our product sales in the Spoolable Technologies segment is driven primarily by the number of wells being placed into production after the completions phase, as customers use our spoolable pipe and associated fittings to bring wells more rapidly onto production. Rental and field service and other revenues are closely correlated with revenues from product sales, as items sold usually have an associated rental and service component. 
 
 Recent Developments and Trends 
 FlexSteel Acquisition 
 As previously discussed, we completed the acquisition of FlexSteel on February 28, 2023. The results of operations of FlexSteel have been reflected in our accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements from the closing date of the acquisition. See Note 2 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the acquisition. 
 Oil and Natural Gas Prices 
 The following table summarizes average oil and natural gas prices in North America over the indicated periods, as well as industry activity levels as reflected by the average number of active onshore drilling rigs during the same periods. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 WTI Oil Price /bbl) (1) 
 76.43 81.81 78.58 77.27 Natural Gas Price /MMBtu) (2) 
 2.11 2.06 2.05 2.46 U.S. Land Drilling Rigs (3) 
 565 583 583 689 
 
 (1) EIA Cushing, OK WTI West Texas Intermediate spot price. 
 (2) EIA Henry Hub Natural Gas spot price per million British Thermal Unit MMBtu ). 
 (3) Baker Hughes. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2024, U.S. land drilling and completion activity levels were down approximately 3 from the second quarter of 2024 and down approximately 15 from the 2023 full year average. Average oil prices decreased in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the second quarter of 2024 as global oil demand concerns grew in parallel with risks of increased supply from OPEC+ and non-OPEC+ countries. Accordingly, we anticipate activity in the Middle East may decline. Prices remain volatile due to ongoing geopolitical risk concerns. Natural gas prices increased 2 in the third quarter of 2024 from the second quarter of 2024, as higher power generation demand through the summer led to less supply surplus than the market anticipated. U.S. gas storage approached five-year average levels in the third quarter, after remaining above the 5-year maximum range for most of the first half of 2024. The ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East have led to heightened commodity price uncertainty and increased risk to the global supply chain. 
 20 

Pillar Two Framework 
 The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD enacted rules Pillar Two for a new, global minimum tax of at least 15 on income arising in low-tax jurisdictions. We are currently evaluating the potential impact this new legislation will have on our consolidated financial statements; however, based on current enacted legislation, management anticipates the impact of Pillar Two to be immaterial to the Company for 2024. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 A discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates is contained in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. There have not been any changes in our critical accounting policies since December 31, 2023. 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following discussions relating to significant line items from our condensed consolidated statements of income are based on available information and represent our analysis of significant changes or events that impact the comparability of reported amounts. Where appropriate, we have identified specific events and changes that affect comparability or trends and, where reasonably practicable, have quantified the impact of such items. 
 We have two operating segments consisting of the Pressure Control segment and the Spoolable Technologies segment. Our results of operations are evaluated by the Chief Executive Officer on a consolidated basis as well as at the segment level. The performance of our operating segments is primarily evaluated based on segment operating income (in addition to other measures), which is defined as income before taxes and before interest income (expense), net, other income (expense), net and corporate and other expenses not allocated to the operating segments. Prior to January 1, 2024, Corporate and other expenses were included in our Pressure Control segment. The Company has recast the information for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to align with the presentation for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 
 
 The following table presents a summary of the segment consolidated operating results for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Change (in thousands) Revenues Pressure Control 185,099 187,192 (2,093) (1.1) Spoolable Technologies 108,155 103,716 4,439 4.3 Corporate and other (73) (519) 446 (85.9) Total revenues 293,181 290,389 2,792 1.0 Operating income Pressure Control 52,537 55,669 (3,132) (5.6) Spoolable Technologies 32,907 30,041 2,866 9.5 Total segment operating income 85,444 85,710 (266) (0.3) Corporate and other expenses (8,652) (5,891) (2,761) 46.9 Total operating income 76,792 79,819 (3,027) (3.8) Interest income, net 2,062 1,405 657 46.8 Income before income taxes 78,854 81,224 (2,370) (2.9) Income tax expense 16,417 18,165 (1,748) (9.6) Net income 62,437 63,059 (622) (1.0) Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interest 12,510 13,231 (721) (5.4) Net income attributable to Cactus Inc. 49,927 49,828 99 0.2 
 21 

Pressure Control. Pressure Control revenue for the third quarter of 2024 was 185.1 million, a decrease of 2.1 million, or 1.1 , from the second quarter of 2024 primarily due to decreased sales of wellhead and production related equipment, offset by an increase in rental activity and field service activity. Pressure Control operating income of 52.5 million for the third quarter of 2024 decreased 3.1 million, or 5.6 from the second quarter of 2024 primarily due to miscellaneous charges incurred during the quarter, including reserves taken in connection with customer bankruptcies and other litigation claims. 
 Spoolable Technologies. Spoolable Technologies revenue for the third quarter of 2024 was 108.2 million, an increase of 4.4 million, or 4.3 from the second quarter of 2024 primarily due to increased customer activity levels. Total operating income for Spoolable Technologies for the third quarter of 2024 was 32.9 million, compared to operating income of 30.0 million for the second quarter of 2024. The increase in operating income was primarily due to a decrease in expense related to the change in fair value of the earn-out payment for the FlexSteel acquisition, partly offset by higher manufacturing input costs. 
 Corporate and other. Corporate and other revenue represents the elimination of inter-segment sales from our Pressure Control segment to our Spoolable technologies segment. Corporate and other expenses include costs associated with executive management and other administrative functions not directly attributable to our reporting segment. Corporate and other expenses for the third quarter of 2024 were 8.7 million, an increase of 2.8 million, or 46.9 from 5.9 million for the second quarter of 2024. The increase was primarily due to professional fees associated with the evaluation of an inorganic growth opportunity. 
 Interest income, net. Interest income, net was 2.1 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 0.7 million from the second quarter of 2024. The increase in interest income, net was primarily due to interest income earned on a higher invested cash balance. 
 Income tax expense. Income tax expense for the third quarter of 2024 was 16.4 million compared to 18.2 million for the second quarter of 2024. The decrease in income tax expense from the second quarter was due to a decrease in operating income quarter-over-quarter, in addition to an overall tax rate reduction due to decreases in permanent items. Cactus Inc. is only subject to federal and state income tax on its share of income from Cactus Companies. Income allocated to the non-controlling interest is only taxable to the non-controlling interest. 
 22 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 The following table presents a summary of the segment consolidated operating results for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Revenues Pressure Control 547,319 576,273 (28,954) (5.0) Spoolable Technologies 310,966 245,821 65,145 26.5 Corporate and other (592) (592) nm Total revenues 857,693 822,094 35,599 4.3 Operating income Pressure Control 159,881 180,881 (21,000) (11.6) Spoolable Technologies 79,341 34,004 45,337 nm Total segment operating income 239,222 214,885 24,337 11.3 Corporate and other expenses (20,061) (29,072) 9,011 (31.0) Total operating income 219,161 185,813 33,348 17.9 Interest income (expense), net 4,156 (6,298) 10,454 nm Other income, net 3,804 (3,804) nm Income before income taxes 223,317 183,319 39,998 21.8 Income tax expense 48,006 30,553 17,453 57.1 Net income 175,311 152,766 22,545 14.8 Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interest 36,591 32,542 4,049 12.4 Net income attributable to Cactus Inc. 138,720 120,224 18,496 15.4 nm = not meaningful 
 Pressure Control. Pressure Control revenue was 547.3 million for the first nine months of 2024, a decrease of 29.0 million, or 5.0 , from the first nine months of 2023. The lower revenue was primarily due to decreased sales of wellhead and production related equipment resulting from lower drilling and completion activity by our customers. In addition, rental of drilling and completion equipment and field service associated with product and rental revenues decreased as a result of the decline in customer activity. Operating income of 159.9 million in the first nine months of 2024 decreased 21.0 million, or 11.6 , from the first nine months of 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower gross margins during the period due to the decreased customer activity levels and higher selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses. The increase in SG A expenses primarily related to higher personnel costs, stock-based compensation expense and other reserves, partially offset by a decrease in bad debt expense. 
 Spoolable Technologies. Spoolable Technologies revenue for the first nine months of 2024 was 311.0 million, an increase of 65.1 million, or 26.5 , from the first nine months of 2023, as results for the first nine months of 2023 only included seven months of revenues from the FlexSteel acquisition, which closed on February 28, 2023. Total operating income was 79.3 million in the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 45.3 million, compared to operating income of 34.0 million in the first nine months of 2023, which included only seven months of income. Operating income for the first nine months of 2024 included 16.3 million of expense related to the change in fair value of the earn-out liability for the FlexSteel acquisition and 12.0 million of intangible amortization. Operating income for the first nine months of 2023 included approximately 13.1 million of expense related to the change in fair value of the estimated earn-out liability, 23.5 million of inventory step-up expense and 16.3 million of intangible amortization expense, as well as depreciation expense of 9.9 million primarily associated with the step-up of fixed assets in connection with accounting for the purchased assets at fair value in conjunction with purchase accounting. 
 Corporate and other. Corporate and other revenue represents the elimination of inter-segment sales from our Pressure Control segment to our Spoolable technologies segment. Corporate and other expenses include costs associated with executive management and other administrative functions not directly attributable to our reporting segment. Corporate and other expenses for the first nine months of 2024 was 20.1 million, a decrease of 9.0 million, or 31.0 from the first nine months of 2023. The 
 23 

decrease was largely attributable to professional fees related to transaction costs associated with the closing of and accounting for the FlexSteel acquisition. 
 Interest income (expense), net. Interest income, net for the first nine months of 2024 was 4.2 million, compared to interest expense, net of 6.3 million for the first nine months of 2023. The increase was due to an increase in interest income earned on cash invested during the 2024 period. Interest expense in 2023 was primarily related to borrowings outstanding through July 2023 under the Amended ABL Credit Facility. 
 Other income, net. Other income, net for 2023 related to non-cash adjustments for the revaluation of the liability related to the tax receivable agreement as a result of changes to the state tax rate. 
 Income tax expense. Income tax expense for the first nine months of 2024 was 48.0 million compared to 30.6 million for the first nine months of 2023. The increase in income tax expense from the first nine months of 2023 was primarily due to an increase in operating income during the first nine months of 2024, and fewer reductions in income tax expense for items specific to the comparable period of 2023. Income tax expense for the first nine months of 2023 included approximately 38.3 million of expense associated with 2023 income, offset by a 12.1 million benefit associated with the release of our valuation allowance previously provided for our investment in Cactus Companies. The valuation allowance was based on the determination that the deferred tax asset was realizable due to our ability to generate sufficient taxable income of the appropriate type. Additionally, we recognized 4.3 million of expense associated with the revaluation of our deferred tax asset as a result of a change in our forecasted state tax rate, 0.5 million of expense related to the finalization of our 2022 tax returns, and a 0.4 million benefit associated with permanent differences related to equity compensation. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 303.4 million of cash and cash equivalents. Our primary sources of liquidity and capital resources are cash on hand, cash flows generated by operating activities, and borrowings under our Amended ABL Credit Facility (as defined in Note 7 in the notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements). Depending upon market conditions and other factors, we may also have the ability to issue additional equity and debt if needed. As of September 30, 2024, we had 220.7 million of available borrowing capacity under our Amended ABL Credit Facility with no outstanding borrowings, and 2.5 million in letters of credit outstanding. We were in compliance with the covenants of the Amended ABL Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024. 
 The contingent consideration earn-out period related to the FlexSteel acquisition ended on June 30, 2024 and resulted in an earn-out liability of 37.0 million, which was paid in September 2024. 
 In June 2023, our board of directors authorized the Company to repurchase shares of its Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of up to 150 million. Under our share repurchase program, shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions or block trades, in privately negotiated transactions, or any other method permitted under U.S. securities laws, rules and regulations. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to purchase any particular amount of shares, and the repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion. As of September 30, 2024, 146.3 million remained authorized for future repurchases of Class A common stock under the program. 
 We believe that our existing cash on hand, cash generated from operations and available borrowings under our Amended ABL Credit Facility will be sufficient for at least the next 12 months to meet working capital requirements, debt service obligations, anticipated capital expenditures, repurchases of shares of our Class A common stock, expected TRA liability payments, anticipated tax liabilities, and dividends to holders of our Class A common stock as well as pro rata cash distributions to holders of CC Units other than Cactus Inc. 
 We currently estimate our net capital expenditures for the year ending December 31, 2024 will range from 32 million to 37 million. In the Pressure Control segment, capital expenditures are primarily related to rental fleet investments, international expansion and diversification of our low cost supply chain. In the Spoolable Technologies segment, capital expenditures are primarily related to manufacturing plant enhancements and additional deployment equipment used for product installation. 
 24 

Our ability to satisfy our long-term liquidity requirements, including cash requirements to fund income tax liabilities and the TRA liability at Cactus Inc., along with associated distributions to holders of CC Units relating to their ownership of Cactus Companies, depends on our future operating performance, which is affected by, and subject to, prevailing economic conditions, market conditions in the E P industry, availability and cost of raw materials, and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We will not be able to predict or control many of these factors, such as economic conditions in the markets where we operate, and competitive pressures. If necessary, we would likely choose to further reduce our spending on capital expenditures and operating expenses to ensure we operate within the cash flow generated from our operations. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 249,518 248,602 Net cash used in investing activities (24,051) (645,242) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (56,427) 116,651 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 249.5 million and 248.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Operating cash flows for 2024 increased primarily due to an increase in operating income and stronger customer collections, partially offset by an increase in cash outflows associated with increased purchases of inventory, in addition to the payment of the earn-out liability. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 24.1 million and 645.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The current year decrease was primarily due to the non-recurrence of cash paid to acquire FlexSteel for 621.5 million, less 5.3 million in cash acquired during the first quarter of 2023. Additionally, our capital expenditures decreased approximately 6.4 million primarily due to the 7.0 million purchase of a previously leased facility during the first half of 2023. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 56.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 116.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net cash provided by financing activities was primarily related to certain financing activities in 2023 associated with the FlexSteel acquisition. We received approximately 169.9 million of proceeds, net of issuance costs, from issuing shares of our Class A common stock during 2023. The first nine months of 2023 also included payments of approximately 6.9 million of debt issuance costs. The first nine months of 2024 includes a 4.7 million increase in share repurchases, primarily associated with the Company's share repurchase program, higher dividend payments of approximately 2.6 million and 6.0 million payment related to the contingent consideration established as of the FlexSteel acquisition date. These increases are partially offset by a 3.5 million decrease in member distributions. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see Part II, Item 7A., Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, in our 2023 Annual Report. Our exposure to market risk has not changed materially since December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15, we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as 
 25 

appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the third quarter of 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are party to lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of our business. We cannot predict the outcome of any such lawsuits with certainty, but management believes it is unlikely that pending or threatened legal matters will have a material adverse impact on our financial condition. 
 Due to the nature of our business, we are, from time to time, involved in other routine litigation or subject to disputes or claims related to our business activities, including workers compensation claims and employment related disputes. In the opinion of our management, none of these, whether pending litigation, disputes or claims against us, if decided adversely, will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 In addition to the information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors included in our 2023 Annual Report and the risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our other filings with the SEC, which could materially affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those described in our 2023 Annual Report or our other SEC filings. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following sets forth information with respect to our repurchases of Class A common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024 (in whole shares). 
 Period Total number of shares purchased (1) 
 Weighted-average price paid per share (2) 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (3) 
 Maximum dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or program (3) 
 July 1-31, 2024 August 1-31, 2024 13,945 59.67 September 1-30, 2024 Total 13,945 59.67 146,302,153 
 (1) Consists of shares of Class A common stock repurchased from employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations related to restricted stock units that vested during the period. 
 (2) Average price paid for Class A common stock purchased from employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations related to restricted stock units that vested during the period. 
 (3) In June 2023, our board of directors authorized the Company to repurchase shares of its Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of up to 150 million. Purchases made are intended to comply with Rule 10b-18 and qualify under Rule 10b5-1. 
 26 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 The following exhibits are required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K and are filed as part of this report. 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cactus, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 20, 2024) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cactus, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1, 2024) 
 31.1 CEO Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 CFO Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 CEO Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 CFO Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 27 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Cactus, Inc. October 31, 2024 By: /s/ Scott Bender Date Scott Bender 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 October 31, 2024 By: /s/ Jay A. Nutt Date Jay A. Nutt 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 whd-2024093024xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Scott Bender, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cactus, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 s Scott Bender Scott Bender 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and 
 Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 whd-2024093024xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jay A. Nutt, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cactus, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 s Jay A. Nutt Jay A. Nutt 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 whd-2024093024xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 This certification is provided pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350, and accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Cactus, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ). 
 I, Scott Bender, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and Director of the Company, certify that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 31, 2024 s Scott Bender Scott Bender 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 whd-2024093024xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 This certification is provided pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350, and accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Cactus, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ). 
 I, Jay A. Nutt, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 31, 2024 s Jay A. Nutt Jay A. Nutt 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 whd-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 whd-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 whd-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 whd-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 whd-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

