<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241230_10-Q_edgar_data_1342958_0001493152-24-052422.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9562017</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>221154</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1512404</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2904259</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2082819</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2603378</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-052422.hdr.sgml : 20241230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241230122813
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-052422
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DIGITAL ALLY, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001342958
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				200064269
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33899
		FILM NUMBER:		241587974

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14001 MARSHALL DRIVE
		CITY:			LENEXA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66215
		BUSINESS PHONE:		913-232-5349

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14001 MARSHALL DRIVE
		CITY:			LENEXA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIGITAL ALLY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051031

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-052422.txt : 20241230

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

QUARTERLY
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the quarterly period ended . 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period from ___________ to __________. 

Commission
 File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 

The
 Capital Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes
 No 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

Class 
 
 Outstanding
 at December 27, 2024 
 
 Common
 Stock, par value per share 

FORM
10-Q 

 DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

 SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

TABLE
 OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page(s) 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 

Condensed
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three and Nine months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
 (Unaudited) 
 
 5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 6 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 7-37 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 38-65 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 66 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 66 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 67 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 67 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 67 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 67 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 67 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 67 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 
 68 

SIGNATURES 
 
 69 

2 

PART
I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1 Financial Statements. 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

 CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 

September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable trade, net of allowance September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Other receivables, net of allowance September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right of use assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current portion of operating lease obligations 

Contract liabilities current portion 

Notes payable related party current portion 

Debt obligations current portion 

Warrant derivative liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Debt obligations long term 

Operating lease obligation long term 

Contract liabilities long term 

Lease Deposit 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; issued or outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued: shares issued September 30, 2024 and shares issued December 31, 2023 

Additional paid in capital 

Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiary 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

See
Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

 CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED 

 SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 AND 2023 

 (unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

For the three months ended September 30, 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue: 

Product 

Service and other 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue: 

Product 

Service and other 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses: 

Research and development expense 

Selling, advertising and promotional expense 

General and administrative expense 

Goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge 

Total selling, general and administrative expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Other income (expense) 

Loss on accrual for legal settlement 

Loss on conversion of convertible note 

Change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration promissory notes 

Gain on extinguishment of liabilities 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Gain on sale of intangibles 

Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 

Total other income (expense) 

Income (loss) before income tax benefit 

Income tax benefit 

Net loss 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated
 subsidiary 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Net loss per share information: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

 CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

 (Unaudited) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Subsidiary 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid In 
 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Subsidiary 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

Stock-based compensation 

Restricted common stock grant 

Issuance due to rounding from reverse stock split 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

Stock-based compensation 

Restricted common stock forfeitures 

Issuance due to rounding from reverse stock split 

Conversion of convertible note into common stock 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

Balance, December 31, 2023 

Stock-based compensation 

Restricted common stock grant 

Restricted common stock forfeitures 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2024 

Stock-based compensation 

Sale of common stock and pre-funded warrants, net of offering costs 

Fair value of warrants issued along with sale of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Balance 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of prefunded warrants 

Restricted common stock forfeitures 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

Balance 

See
Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

5 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

 CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

 (Unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 

For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 

Gain on sale on intangible 

Goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Gain on extinguishment of liabilities 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities 

Convertible debt discount amortization 

Loss on conversion of debt 

Provision for inventory obsolescence 

Provision for doubtful accounts receivable 

Allowance for doubtful lease reserve 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration promissory note 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in: 

Accounts receivable trade 

Other receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Other assets 

Increase (decrease) in: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses-related party 

Income taxes payable 

Lease deposit 

Operating lease obligations 

Contract liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

Purchase of intangible assets 

Cash paid for acquisition of Country Stampede 

Proceeds from sale of intangible asset 

Proceeds from sale of land and building 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds Merchant Advances Video Solutions Segment 

Proceeds Merchant Advances Entertainment Segment 

Net proceeds of equity offering with detachable warrants 

Net proceeds of convertible debt with detachable warrants 

Proceeds Commercial Extension of Credit Entertainment Segment 

Payments on Commercial Extension of Credit Entertainment Segment 

Payments on Merchant Advances Video Solutions Segment 

Net proceeds of related party note payable 

Payments on Merchant Advances Entertainment Segment 

Principal payment on EIDL loan 

Principal payment on contingent consideration promissory notes 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash payments for interest 

Cash payments for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Commercial extension of credit repaid through accrued revenue Entertainment segment 

ROU and lease liability recorded on extension (termination) of lease 

Conversion of convertible notes payable into common stock 

Fair value of warrants issued with sale of shares 

Assets acquired in business acquisitions 

Liabilities assumed in the business acquisition 

Goodwill acquired in business acquisitions 

Adjustments of accounts payable with the sale proceeds of property, plant and equipment 

Reduction in proceeds from sale of building for loan, prepaid rent, and
other accrued expenses 

Payments to vendors directly from proceeds of sale of common stock 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of re-funded warrants 

Restricted common stock grant 

Reverse stock split rounding issuances 

Restricted common stock forfeitures 

Debt discount on convertible note 

See
Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (Unaudited) 

per share (the Predecessor Common Stock automatically converted into one share of common stock, par
value per share, of the Registrant Registrant Common Stock ), (ii) each outstanding option, right or warrant
to acquire shares of Predecessor Common Stock converted into an option, right or warrant, as applicable, to acquire an equal number of
shares of Registrant Common Stock under the same terms and conditions as the original options, rights or warrants, and (iii) the directors
and executive officers of the Predecessor Registrant were appointed as directors and executive officers, as applicable, of the Registrant,
each to serve in the same capacity and for the same term as such person served with the Predecessor Registrant immediately before the
Merger. 

The
business of the Registrant, Digital Ally, Inc. (with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Digital Ally International, Inc., Shield Products,
LLC, Digital Ally Healthcare, LLC Digital Ally Healthcare ), TicketSmarter, Inc. TicketSmarter ), Worldwide
Reinsurance, Ltd., Digital Connect, Inc., BirdVu Jets, Inc., Kustom 440, Inc. Kustom 440 ), Kustom Entertainment, Inc.,
and its majority-owned subsidiary Nobility Healthcare, LLC, collectively, Digital Ally, Digital, and the
 Company ), is divided into three reportable operating segments: 1) the Video Solutions Segment, 2) the Revenue Cycle Management
Segment and 3) the Ticketing Segment. The Video Solutions Segment is our legacy business that produces digital video imaging, storage
products, disinfectant and related safety products for use in law enforcement, security and commercial applications. This segment includes
both service and product revenues through our subscription models offering cloud and warranty solutions, and hardware sales for video
and health safety solutions. The Revenue Cycle Management Segment provides working capital and back-office services to a variety of healthcare
organizations throughout the country, as a monthly service fee. The Entertainment Segment acts as an intermediary between ticket buyers
and sellers within our secondary ticketing platform, ticketsmarter.com, and we also acquire tickets from primary sellers to then sell
through various platforms. The accounting guidance on Segment Reporting establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating
segments in annual financial statements and requires selected information of those segments to be presented in financial statements.
Such required segment information is included in Note 14. 

,
 net cash used in operating
activities of ,
 provided
by investing activities and 
 provided by financing activities. The Company will have to restore positive operating cash flows and profitability over
the next year and/or raise additional capital to fund its operational plans, meet its customary payment obligations and otherwise execute
its business plan. There can be no assurance that it will be successful in restoring positive cash flows and profitability, or that it
can raise additional financing when needed, and obtain it on terms acceptable or favorable to the Company. 

The
Company is pursuing a significant capital raise to provide funding for its short and long-term liquidity needs. The Company has implemented
an enhanced quality control program to detect and correct product issues before they result in significant rework expenditures affecting
its gross margins and has seen progress in that regard. The Company has also implemented a marketing and advertisement reduction plan
for its entertainment segment, which will focus on reducing and alleviating current obligations from its media marketing agreements and
place a hold on entering into any new agreements. The Company believes that its quality control, cost-cutting initiatives, and new product
introduction will eventually restore positive operating cash flows and profitability, although it can offer no assurances in this regard. 

Management
has evaluated the significance of the conditions described above in relation to the Company s ability to meet its obligations and
concluded that, without additional funding, the Company will not have sufficient funds to meet its obligations within one year from the
date the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements were issued. Such factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to sustain operations for at least one year from the issuance of these financial statements. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Service
and other revenue is comprised of revenues from extended warranties, repair services, cloud revenue and software revenue. Revenue is
recognized upon shipment of the product and acceptance of the service or materials by the end customer for repair services. Revenue for
extended warranty, cloud service or other software-based products is over the term of the contract warranty or service period. A time-elapsed
method is used to measure progress because the Company transfers control evenly over the contractual period. Accordingly, the fixed consideration
related to these revenues is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract term, as long as the other revenue recognition
criteria have been met. 

The
Company s multiple performance obligations may include future in-car or body-worn camera devices to be delivered at defined points
within a multi-year contract, and in those arrangements, the Company allocates total arrangement consideration over the life of the multi-year
contract to future deliverables using management s best estimate of selling price. 

Revenue
Cycle Management 

The
Company reports revenue cycle management revenues on a net basis, as its primary source of revenue is its end-to-end service fees which
is generally determined as a percentage of the invoice amounts collected. These service fees are reported as revenue monthly upon completion
of the Company s performance obligation to provide the agreed upon service. 

Entertainment 

The
Company reports ticketing revenue on a gross or net basis based on management s assessment of whether the Company is acting as
a principal or agent in the transaction. The determination is based upon the evaluation of control over the event ticket, including the
right to sell the ticket, prior to its transfer to the ticket buyer. 

The
Company sells tickets held in inventory, which consists of one performance obligation, being to transfer control of an event ticket to
the buyer upon confirmation of the order. The Company acts as the principal in these transactions as the ticket is owned by the Company
at the time of sale, therefore controlling the ticket prior to transferring to the customer. In these transactions, revenue is recorded
on a gross basis based on the value of the ticket and is recognized when an order is confirmed. Payment is typically due upon delivery
of the ticket. 

The
Company also acts as an intermediary between buyers and sellers through online secondary marketplace. Revenues derived from this marketplace
primarily consist of service fees from ticketing operations, and consists of one primary performance obligation, which is facilitating
the transaction between the buyer and seller, being satisfied at the time the order has been confirmed. As the Company does not control
the ticket prior to the transfer, the Company acts as an agent in these transactions. Revenue is recognized on a net basis, net of the
amount due to the seller when an order is confirmed, the seller is then obligated to deliver the tickets to the buyer per the seller s
listing. Payment is due at the time of sale. 

Other 

Contract
liabilities consist of deferred revenue and include payments received in advance of performance under the contract and are reported separately
as current liabilities and non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such amounts consist of extended warranty contracts,
prepaid cloud services and prepaid installation services and are generally recognized as the respective performance obligations are satisfied.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized revenue of million related to its contract liabilities.
Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue and include payments received in advance of performance under the contract and are reported
separately as current liabilities and non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such amounts consist of extended warranty
contracts, prepaid cloud services and prepaid installation services and are generally recognized as the respective performance obligations
are satisfied. Total contract liabilities consist of the following: 

Contract liabilities, non-current 

September 30, 2023 

December 31, 2022 
 Additions/ Reclass 
 Recognized Revenue 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Contract liabilities, current 

Contract liabilities, non-current 

Sales
returns and allowances aggregated and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively.
Obligations for estimated sales returns and allowances are recognized at the time of sales on an accrual basis. The accrual is determined
based upon historical return rates adjusted for known changes in key variables affecting these return rates. 

per bank. The Company minimizes this risk by placing its cash deposits
with major financial institutions. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the uninsured balance amounted to and , respectively. 

- and was included in other assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Restricted cash
consists of bank deposits that collateralize a debt obligation. Such debt obligation was paid off as of September 30, 2024. 

Intangible
assets include deferred patent costs, license agreements, trademarks and trade names. Legal expenses incurred in preparation of patent
application have been deferred and will be amortized over the useful life of granted patents. Costs incurred in preparation of applications
that are not granted will be charged to expense at that time. The Company has entered into several sublicense agreements under which
it has been assigned the exclusive rights to certain licensed materials used in its products. These sublicense agreements generally require
upfront payments to obtain the exclusive rights to such material. The Company capitalizes the upfront payments as intangible assets and
amortizes such costs over their estimated useful life on a straight-line method. 

operating segments are Video Solutions, Revenue Cycle Management, and Entertainment, each of which
has specific personnel responsible for that business and reports to the CODM. Corporate expenses capture the Company s corporate
administrative activities and are also to be reported in the segment information. 

In
December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ASU 2023-09 ), which modifies the rules on income tax disclosures to require entities to disclose (1) specific categories
in the rate reconciliation, (2) the income or loss from continuing operations before income tax expense or benefit (separated between
domestic and foreign) and (3) income tax expense or benefit from continuing operations (separated by federal, state and foreign). ASU
2023-09 also requires entities to disclose their income tax payments to international, federal, state and local jurisdictions, among
other changes. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual
financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. ASU 2023-09 should be applied on a prospective basis,
but retrospective application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this new guidance on our consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

Work-in-process video solutions segment 

Finished goods video solutions segment 

Finished goods entertainment segment 

Subtotal 

Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory video solutions segment 

Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory entertainment segment 

Total inventories 

Contingent consideration promissory note Nobility Healthcare Division Acquisition 

Contingent consideration promissory note Nobility Healthcare Division Acquisition 

Revolving Loan Agreement 

Commercial Extension of Credit- Entertainment Segment 

Merchant Advances Video Solutions Segment 

Merchant Advances Entertainment Segment 

Unamortized debt issuance costs 

Debt obligations 

Less: current maturities of debt obligations 

Debt obligations, long-term 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total 

2020
Small Business Administration Notes . 

On
May 12, 2020, the Company received in loan funding from the SBA under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL program administered by the SBA, which program was expanded pursuant to the recently enacted CARES Act. The EIDL is evidenced by a secured
promissory note, dated May 8, 2020, in the original principal amount of with the SBA, the lender. 

Under
the terms of the note issued under the EIDL program, interest accrues on the outstanding principal at the rate of per annum. The
term of such note is thirty years, though it may be payable sooner upon an event of default under such note. Monthly principal and interest
payments began in November 2022, after being deferred for thirty months after the date of disbursement and total per month thereafter.
Such note may be prepaid in part or in full, at any time, without penalty. The Company granted the SBA a continuing interest in and to
any and all collateral, including but not limited to tangible and intangible personal property. 

The
Company made principal payments of during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and recorded interest expense of and
 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Contingent
Consideration Promissory Notes 

On
June 30, 2021, Nobility Healthcare, a subsidiary of the Company, issued a contingent consideration promissory note (the June Contingent
Note in connection with a stock purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the June Seller of . The June Contingent Note has a three-year term and bears interest at a rate of per annum. Quarterly principal and
interest payments are deferred for nine months and is due in equal quarterly installments on the seventh business day of each quarter.
The principal amount of the June Contingent Note is subject to an earn-out adjustment, being the difference between (the June
Projected Revenue and the cash basis revenue (the June Measurement Period Revenue collected by the June Seller
in its normal course of business from the clients existing on June 30, 2021, during the period from October 1, 2021 through September
30, 2022 (the June Measurement Period measured on a quarterly basis and annualized as of the relevant period. If the June
Measurement Period Revenue is less than the June Projected Revenue, such amount will be subtracted from the principal balance of this
June Contingent Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. If the June Measurement Period Revenue is more than the June Projected Revenue, such
amount will be added to the principal balance of this June Contingent Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. In no event will the principal
balance of this June Contingent Note become a negative number. The maximum downward earn-out adjustment to the principal balance will
be a reduction to zero. There are no limits to the increases to the principal balance of the June Contingent Note as a result of the
earn-out adjustments. 

The
June Contingent Note is considered to be additional purchase price; therefore, the estimated fair value of the contingent liability is
recorded as a liability at the acquisition date and the fair value is considered part of the consideration paid for the acquisition with
subsequent changes in fair value recorded as a gain or loss in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Management recorded the contingent
consideration promissory note at its estimated fair value of at the acquisition date. Total principal payments, since inception,
on this contingent consideration promissory note totalled . The estimated fair value of the June Contingent Note at September
30, 2024 is - -, representing a reduction in its estimated fair value of as compared to its estimated fair value as of December
31, 2023. This reduction only relates to the principal payments made for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Therefore, the Company
recorded no gain or loss in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

On
August 31, 2021, Nobility Healthcare, issued another contingent consideration promissory note (the August Contingent Payment Note in connection with a stock purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the August Sellers of
 . The August Contingent Payment Note has a three-year term and bears interest at a rate of per annum. Quarterly principal
and interest payments are deferred for nine months and is due in equal quarterly installments on the seventh business day of each quarter.
The principal amount of the August Contingent Payment Note is subject to an earn-out adjustment, being the difference between the 
(the August Projected Revenue and the cash basis revenue (the August Measurement Period Revenue collected
by the August Sellers in its normal course of business from the clients existing on September 1, 2021, during the period from December
1, 2021 through November 30, 2022 (the August Measurement Period measured on a quarterly basis and annualized as of the
relevant period. If the August Measurement Period Revenue is less than the August Projected Revenue, such amount will be subtracted from
the principal balance of this August Contingent Payment Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. If the August Measurement Period Revenue is
more than the August Projected Revenue, such amount will be added to the principal balance of this August Contingent Payment Note on
a dollar-for-dollar basis. In no event will the principal balance of this August Contingent Payment Note become a negative number. The
maximum downward earn-out adjustment to the principal balance will be to zero. There are no limits to the increases to the principal
balance of the August Contingent Payment Note as a result of the earn-out adjustments. 

The
August Contingent Payment Note is considered to be additional purchase price, therefore the estimated fair value of the contingent liability
is recorded as a liability at the acquisition date and the fair value is considered part of the consideration paid for the acquisition.
Management has recorded the contingent consideration promissory note at its estimated fair value of at the acquisition date.
Principal payments, since its inception, on this contingent consideration promissory note totalled . The estimated fair value
of the August Contingent Note at September 30, 2024 is - -, representing a decrease in its estimated fair value of as compared
to is estimated fair value as of December 31, 2023. This reduction only relates to the principal payments made for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024. Therefore, the Company recorded no gain or loss in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024. 

2023
Commercial Extension of Credit 

On
February 23, 2023, the Company s Entertainment segment entered into an extension of credit in the form of a loan to use in marketing
and operating its business in accordance with the Private Label Agreement previously entered into with the Lender. The Lender agreed
to extend, subject to the conditions hereof, and Borrower agreed to take, a Loan for Principal Sum of . 

The
Lender retains of each remittance owed to Borrower under the terms of the Private Label Agreement. Such remittances includes regular
weekly remittances and any additional incentive payments to which the Borrower may be entitled. 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Entertainment segment Company s Entertainment segment repaid the outstanding principal
of and did not renew this agreement. 

2024
Commercial Extension of Credit 

On
January 22, 2024, the Company s Entertainment segment entered into an extension of credit in the form of a loan to use in marketing
and operating its business in accordance with the Ticket Solution Agreement. The Lender, Ticket Evolution, Inc., agreed to extend, subject
to the conditions hereof, and Borrower agreed to take, an advance for a sum of with monthly advances of . 

The
advances made are recoupable from client service fees with no more than being recouped in any one week. The total advances received
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were and payments made totalled . The outstanding balance as of September
30, 2024 was . 

On
August 7, 2024 and as amended on September 25, 2024, the Company s Entertainment segment entered into an extension of credit
(the Agreement with Vegas Tickets in the form of a prepayment for the rights to acquire certain Major League Baseball
and National Football League playoff and season tickets. Vegas Tickets agreed to advance, subject to the conditions of the
Agreement, and the Company s Entertainment segment agreed to take, an advance for a sum of .
Under the Agreement, the Company s Entertainment segment has the right to reacquire the tickets for a cash amount of 
by November 1, 2024. The repurchase date was extended to December 1, 2024 by an amendment dated October 31, 2024. 

The
Company s Entertainment segment intends to repurchase the tickets and has recorded the cash repurchase obligation amount of
 
as the outstanding extension of credit balance as of September 30, 2024, with 
of such amount recorded as interest expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Convertible
Note 

On
April 5, 2023, the Company entered into and consummated the initial closing (the First Closing of the transactions contemplated
by a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2023 (the Purchase Agreement ), between the Company and certain
investors (the Purchasers ). 

At
the First Closing, the Company issued and sold to the Purchasers Senior Secured Convertible Notes in the aggregate original principal
amount of (the Notes and warrants (the Warrants ). The Purchase Agreement provided for a ten percent original interest discount resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of . No interest accrues under the Notes. The Warrants
are exercisable for an aggregate shares comprised of warrants at an exercise price of per share of the Company s
common stock, par value (the Common Stock ), warrants at an exercise price of per share of Common Stock,
and warrants at an exercise price of per share of Common Stock. 

Subject
to certain conditions, within 18 months from the effectiveness date and while the Notes remain outstanding, the Purchasers have the right
to require the Company to consummate a second closing of up to an additional of Notes (the Second Notes and
Warrants on the same terms and conditions as the First Closing, except that the Second Notes may be subordinate to a mortgage on the
Company s headquarters building (the Bank Mortgage ). 

The
Notes are convertible into shares of Common Stock at the election of the Purchasers at any time at a fixed conversion price of 
(the Conversion Price per share of Common Stock. The Conversion Price is subject to customary adjustments for stock dividends,
stock splits, reclassifications and the like, and subject to price-based adjustment in the event of any issuances of Common Stock, or
securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for, Common Stock at a price below the then-applicable Conversion Price (subject
to certain exceptions). Subject to certain conditions, including certain equity conditions, the Company may redeem some or all of the
then outstanding principal amount of the Note for cash in an amount equal to of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes (the
 Optional Redemption Amount ). In addition, the Purchasers may, at their option, demand repayment at the Optional Redemption
Amount upon five (5) business days written notice following (i) the closing by the Company of the Bank Mortgage, or (ii) a sale
by the Company of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents. 

The
Notes rank senior to all outstanding and future indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries, and are secured by substantially all
of the Company s assets, as evidenced by (i) a security agreement entered into at the Closing, (ii) a trademark security agreement
entered into at the Closing, (iii) a patent security agreement entered into at the Closing, (iv) a guaranty executed by all direct and
indirect subsidiaries of the Company pursuant to which each of them has agreed to guaranty the obligations of the Company under the Notes,
and (v) a mortgage on the Company s headquarters building in favor of the Purchasers. 

Also
at the Closing, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchasers.
Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to prepare and file with the SEC within the 10th business
day following the First Closing (the Filing Date a registration statement covering the resale of the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes and exercise of the Warrants, and to use its best efforts to cause such Registration Statement
to be declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as promptly as possible, but
in any event no later than 45 days following the Filing Date (the Effectiveness Date ). If the Registration Statement is
not filed by the Filing Date or is not declared effective by the Effectiveness Date, or under certain other circumstances described in
the Registration Rights Agreement, then the Company shall be obligated to pay, as partial liquidated damages, to each Purchaser an amount
in cash equal to of the original principal amount of the Notes each month until the applicable event giving rise to such payments
is cured. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will
pay interest thereon at a rate of per annum. 

The
Company recognized the full warrant derivative value, with the remaining amount being allocated to the debt obligation. As the warrant
derivative value exceeded the net proceeds from the issuance, the excess amount is recognized as a loss on the date of the issue date.
Thus, the Company recorded a loss of as an interest expense on the date of issuance relating to the Notes. The following is
the assumptions used in calculating the estimated grant-date fair value of the detachable warrants to purchase common stock granted in
connection with the Notes: 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend 

Remaining contractual term 
 years 
 
 Exercise price 

Common stock issuable under the warrants 

On
June 2, 2023, the Purchasers elected to convert principal, at the fixed price of per share of common stock, shares
valued at . The loss on conversion of convertible note into common shares, of , was recorded during the period. 

On
October 26, 2023, the Company entered into a Revolving Loan Agreement of which a portion of the net proceeds were used to repay the principal
amount of the Convertible debt. The warrants associated with the convertible debt remain outstanding. 

Revolving
Loan Agreement 

On
October 26, 2023, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the Loan Agreement by and between the Company,
Digital Ally Healthcare, Inc., a Nevada corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Digital Ally Healthcare 
and, together with the Company, the Borrower ), and Kompass Kapital Funding, LLC, a Kansas limited liability company Kompass ).
In connection with the Loan Agreement, on October 26, 2023, the Company entered into a Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security
Agreement and Fixture Filing (the Mortgage by and between the Company, as grantor, and Kompass, as grantee, and issued
a Revolving Note (the Revolving Note to Kompass. The gross proceeds to the Company were before repaying those
certain Senior Secured Convertible Notes issued on April 5, 2023 in the aggregate amount of and paying customary fees and
expenses. 

Pursuant
to the Loan Agreement, Kompass agreed to make revolving loans (the Revolving Loans available to the Borrower as the Borrower
may from time to time request until, but not including, October 26, 2025, and in such amounts as the Borrower may from time to time request,
provided, however, that the aggregate principal balance of the Revolving Loans outstanding at any time shall not exceed the lesser of
 or an amount equal to eighty percent of the value of the mortgaged property, which consists of the real property owned by
the Company having an address of 14001 Marshall Drive, Lenexa, KS 66215 (the Mortgaged Property ). Under the Loan Agreement,
the Revolving Loans made by Kompass may be repaid and, subject to customary terms and conditions, borrowed again up to, but not including
October 26, 2025, unless the Revolving Loans are otherwise accelerated, terminated or extended as provided in the Loan Agreement. The
Revolving Loans shall be used by the Borrower for the purpose of working capital and to retire existing debt. Under the Loan Agreement,
the Borrower is required to provide written notice to Kompass prior to creating, assuming or incurring any debt or becoming liable, whether
as endorser, guarantor, surety or otherwise, for any debt or obligation of any other party. While obligations remain outstanding under
the Loan Agreement, the Borrower is required to maintain a minimum balance of in a reserve account (the Capital Reserve
Account ). Under the Loan Agreement, the Borrower is prohibited from creating, assuming, incurring or suffering or permitting to
exist any lien of any kind or character upon the collateral, which consists of the Mortgaged Property and the Company s interest
in the Capital Reserve Account. The Loan Agreement contains customary covenants, representations and warranties by the Borrower. 

Pursuant
to the Loan Agreement, 

The
Company entered into the Mortgage to secure its obligations under the Loan Agreement. The property mortgaged under the Mortgage consists
of the Mortgaged Property. The Mortgage contains customary covenants, representations and warranties by the Company. 

On
August 12, 2024, the Company sold the Mortgaged Property and paid off the 
 outstanding principal balance together with all
accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, upon origination of the Revolving Loan, the Company recorded debt issuance costs of 
 which was fully amortized as of the date the
Mortgage was paid in full. The remaining unamortized discount was - - and as September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.

Merchant
Cash Advances Video Solutions Segment 

In
November 2023, the Company obtained a short-term merchant advance, which totalled , from a single lender to fund operations.
These advances included origination fees totalling for net proceeds of . The advance is, for the most part, secured
by expected future sales transactions of the Company with expected payments on a weekly basis. The Company will repay an aggregate of
 to the lender. The loan bears interest at per week. 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made repayments totalling 
and received additional proceeds of .
The Company refinanced this loan in April 2024 resulting in the additional proceeds received during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The refinancing was deemed to be an
extinguishment of debt and a loss on extinguishment of debt was recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of . 

As
of September 30, 2024 the outstanding principal balance was 
which is expected to be repaid in 2024 and early 2025. As of September 30, 2024 the remaining discount balance was . 

The remaining unamortized discount was and as September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Merchant
Cash Advances Entertainment Segment 

On
March 1, 2024, the Company obtained a short-term merchant advance, which totalled ,
from a single lender to fund operations. These advances included origination and issuance fees totalling 
 for net proceeds of .
The advance is, for the most part, is secured by expected future sales transactions of the Company with expected payments on a weekly
basis. The Company will repay an aggregate of 
 to the lender. The loan bears interest at an
 annual effective rate based on latest debt modification. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company
made repayments totalling 
 and ,
respectively. 

The
Company modified/amended the underlying loan agreement twice during the three months ended September 30, 2024, resulting in
additional proceeds totalling .
The modifications were both deemed to be extinguishments of debt resulting in a total loss on the extinguishment of debt
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 the outstanding balance was which
is expected to be repaid in 2024. See NOTE 16. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS for an update to this matter. 

The remaining unamortized discount was and - - as September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

The
Company entered into the original agreement on March 1, 2024. On July 13, 2024, the Company entered into a letter agreement with the
Purchaser, amending the terms of the note agreement, and on September 12, 2024, the Company entered into a second letter agreement
further amending the terms of the note agreement 

On
July 13, 2024, the Company entered into a Letter Agreement with the note holder, which modified the note payable by increasing the principal
amount of the note payable from to ; provided, however, that if the Borrowers repay the Note in full on or before
August 15, 2024, then the principal amount of the Note shall be reduced automatically by . Pursuant to the Letter Agreement,
the Borrowers failure to adhere to certain repayment requirements of the underlying note purchase agreement did not constitute
an event of default, as defined in the note purchase agreement. Pursuant to the modified/amended note, the Company agreed to make a cash
payment to the note holder in the amount of on or before July 26, 2024. The Company also agreed to sell or enter into a firm
commitment to sell the office building owned by the Company and pay to the Purchaser: (i) , if the Company sells or enters into
a firm commitment to sell the building on or before August 7, 2024; or (ii) , if the Company sells or enters into a firm commitment
to sell the building after August 7, 2024. Pursuant to the modified/amended note, the Company s failure to sell or enter into a
firm commitment to sell the building prior to September 1, 2024 shall constitute an event of default, as defined in the note purchase
agreement. The Company also agreed to pay to the note holder per month until the modified/amended note is repaid in full, with
the first such payment occurring on August 12, 2024, and each subsequent payment occurring on the 12th calendar day of each month thereafter. 

On
September 25, 2024, the Company and the note holder agreed to an amended and restated senior secured promissory note with a new principal amount of up to . The amended note evidences the new principal amount and amends and restates in its entirety,
the terms and provisions of the Note. Pursuant to the amended note the Company promised to pay to the note holder the new principal amount,
together with accrued interest or the amount outstanding under the amended note from time to time, to be computed from the date of the
amended note at the rates and in the amounts set forth in the amended note. The amount of the unpaid balance, including such interest,
that shall be due and payable under the Amended Note may increase and decrease as advances and payments are made thereunder. The Amended
Note bears interest at a rate of per month. 

The
Company can request advances in writing to the note holder and upon approval by the note holder to be determined in its sole
discretion, (but which shall not be unreasonably withheld), the note holder can either make payment directly to specified vendor(s)
or other creditors on behalf of the Company or deposit the advance into the Company s account. 

The
amended note, requires the Company to repay the amended note, in full, on the earlier of 

Furthermore,
pursuant to the amended note, the parties agreed to extend the repayment date of , by the Company to the note holder, from September
26, 2024, to October 10, 2024. As further described in NOTE
16. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS this payment was not made on a timely basis , however, the Note was paid in full
on November 7, 2024 . 

Contingent consideration promissory notes and contingent consideration earn-out agreement 

December 31, 2023 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Liabilities: 

Warrant derivative liabilities 

Contingent consideration promissory notes and contingent consideration earn-out agreement 

Issuance of warrant derivative liabilities 

Change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities 

Principal payments on contingent consideration promissory notes Revenue Cycle Management Acquisitions 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration promissory notes - Revenue Cycle Management Acquisitions 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

Accrued litigation costs 

Accrued payroll and related fringes 

Accrued sales returns and allowances 

Accrued taxes 

Accrued interest - related party 

Customer deposits 

Other 

Total accrued expenses 

Provision for warranty expense 

Charges applied to warranty reserve 

Ending balance 

valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets. The Company determined that it was appropriate to
continue the full valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2024, primarily because of the Company s history
of operating losses. 

The
Company has incurred operating losses in recent years, and it continues to be in a three-year cumulative loss position at September 30,
2024. Accordingly, the Company determined there was not sufficient positive evidence regarding its potential for future profits to outweigh
the negative evidence of our three-year cumulative loss position under the guidance provided in ASC 740. Therefore, it is determined
to continue to provide a valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets. The Company expects to continue to maintain a full
valuation allowance until it determines that it can sustain a level of profitability that demonstrates its ability to realize these assets.
To the extent the Company determines that the realization of some or all of these benefits is more likely than not based upon expected
future taxable income, a portion or all of the valuation allowance will be reversed. The Company has available to it approximately 
million (based on its December 31, 2023 tax return) in net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income as of September
30, 2024. 

years 

Land 
 Infinite 

Office furniture, fixtures, equipment, and aircraft 
 - years 

Warehouse and production equipment 
 - years 

Demonstration and tradeshow equipment 
 - years 

Building improvements 
 - years 

Total cost 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Net property, plant and equipment 

Depreciation
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was and
 ,
respectively, and is included in general and administrative expenses. Depreciation expense for the nine months ended September 30,
2024 and September 30, 2023 was and
 , 
respectively, and is included in general and administrative expenses. 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company engaged a broker and sold its aircraft for less closing costs of .
The carrying amount of the aircraft on the date of sale was . As a result of the sale the Company recorded a loss of 
in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company engaged a broker and sold its building for less closing costs
of . The carrying amount of the building on the date of sale was . As a result of the sale the Company recorded a gain
of in the Consolidated Statement of Operation during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Patents and trademarks (video solutions segment) 

Sponsorship agreement network (entertainment segment) 

SEO content (entertainment segment) 

Personal seat licenses (entertainment segment) 

Software 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Website enhancements (entertainment segment) 

Client agreements (revenue cycle management segments) 

Indefinite life intangible assets: 

Goodwill (Entertainment segment) 

Goodwill (Revenue cycle management segment) 

Trade name and trademarks (entertainment segment) 

Patents and trademarks pending (video solutions segment) 

Total 

Patents
and trademarks pending will be amortized beginning at the time they are issued by the appropriate authorities. If issuance of the final
patent or trademark is denied, then the amount deferred will be immediately charged to expense. 

Amortization
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively and and 
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Estimated amortization for intangible assets with definite lives
for the next five years ending December 31 and thereafter is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total 

Interim impairment test 

We performed an interim impairment test as of the last day of the fiscal third quarter of 2024 as management determined that a triggering
event had occurred resulting from the additional decline in demand for our services, prolonged economic uncertainty, the fact that the
split-off transaction did not occur when and as expected and a further decrease in our stock price. Therefore, we performed an interim
impairment test as of the September 30, 2024 for our reporting units with remaining goodwill. 

The fair value
of each reporting unit was estimated using a weighting of the income and market valuation approaches. The income approach applied a
fair value methodology to each reporting unit based on discounted cash flows. This analysis requires significant judgments,
including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internally-developed forecasts of revenue and profitability,
estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, and
determination of our weighted average cost of capital, which is risk-adjusted to reflect the specific risk profile of the reporting
unit being tested. The weighted average cost of capital used in our most recent impairment test ranged from to . We also
applied a market approach, which develops a value correlation based on the market capitalization of similar publicly traded
companies, referred to as a multiple, to apply to the operating results of the reporting units. The primary market multiples used
are revenue and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. The income and market approaches were equally
weighted in our most recent annual impairment test, for all of the reporting units. 

The combined
fair values for all reporting units were then reconciled to our aggregate market value of our shares of common stock on the date of
valuation, while considering a reasonable control premium. We consider a reporting unit s fair value to be substantially in
excess of the reporting unit s carrying value at a 
premium or greater. Based on our most recent impairment test, the video solutions reporting unit s fair value was substantially in
excess of its carrying value, while the revenue cycle management and entertainment segments were determined to be impaired. 

We held goodwill
of 
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, related to businesses within our revenue cycle management segment. We held goodwill
of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to businesses within our
entertainment segment. As a result of our September 30, 2024 interim impairment test, we concluded that the carrying amount of the
revenue cycle management and the entertainment reporting units exceeded its estimated fair values. Thus, we recorded a non-cash
goodwill impairment charge of ,
related to the goodwill carrying balance for the revenue cycle management segment, and a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of
 , related to the goodwill carrying balance for the entertainment segment, both of which was included in goodwill and
intangible asset impairment charge on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2024. The goodwill impairment was primarily driven by recent performance of the revenue cycle management and
entertainment reporting units since our annual impairment testing date, as well as a delay in the projected timing of recovery. The
remaining balance for the goodwill carrying balance related to businesses within our revenue cycle management segment and
entertainment segment was and , respectively
as of September 30, 2024. 

Indefinite-lived
intangible assets 

We held indefinite-lived trade names/trademarks of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively,
related to businesses within our entertainment segment. 

During the three
months ended September 30, 2024, we concluded that the carrying amount of a trade name/trademark related to the entertainment
segment exceeded its estimated fair value and we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of ,
which was included in goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The charge was primarily driven by the split-off transaction not being completed
when and as expected and our recent revenue and operating performance of the related business given a decline in demand and overall
economic uncertainty. The remaining balance for this trade name/trademark was 
as of September 30, 2024. 

On
January 5, 2024, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment against defendants Campbell McAuley and Mark Depew. On the same date,
the Company also filed separate motions for default judgment against Culp McAuley and Brandon Culp, respectively. On January 5, 2024,
defendant Mark Depew filed a motion for summary judgment against the Company. On May 17, 2024, the Court issued Orders which, respectively,
(i) granted defendant Mark Depew s motion for summary judgment against the Company; (ii) denied the Company s motion for
summary judgment against Depew; (iii) granted the Company s motion for summary judgment against defendant Campbell McAuley; and
(iv) granted the Company s motions for default judgment against defendants Culp McAuley and Brandon Culp. Finding that defendants
Brandon Culp and Campbell McAuley were each the alter ego of Culp McAuley, on June 4, 2024, the Court entered judgment in favor of the
Company in the amount of against Culp McAuley, Brandon Culp, and Campbell McAuley, jointly and severally (the judgment ).
The Company is currently uncertain as to what amount, if any, of the judgment amount it will ultimately be able to recover. 

On
June 14, 2024, the Company filed a Notice of Appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit from the Court s
May 17, 2024 Order that granted summary judgment in favor of Mark Depew. On December 10, 2024, the Company and Depew filed a Stipulation
of Dismissal in the Tenth Circuit that ended the appeal after the Company and Depew reached a settlement. 

In
March 2024, the Company filed a complaint against Larry Roberts defendant in the Superior Court of the State of California,
County of Orange. The lawsuit arises from the defendant s multiple breaches of his obligations to the Company. The Company seeks
monetary damages based on certain conduct by the defendant. On May 28, 2024, the defendant filed a motion to strike portions of the complaint
and a motion for demurrer. On October 4, 2024, the Court sustained in part and overruled in part defendant s motion for demurrer.
The Court further denied the defendant s motion to strike in its entirety. The case is pending. 

As
of September 30, 2024, we are able to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss related to the Culp McCauley case (when taking into account, among other things, the uncertainty of recovering the judgment amount owed to the Company
by Culp McAuley, Brandon Culp and Campbell McAuley, jointly and severally), our estimate
of the aggregate reasonably possible loss (in excess of any accrued amounts) was approximately 
million. Our estimate with respect to the aggregate reasonably possible loss is based upon currently available information and is
subject to significant judgment and a variety of assumptions and known and unknown uncertainties, which may change quickly and
significantly from time to time, particularly if and as we engage with applicable governmental agencies or plaintiffs in connection
with a proceeding. Also, the matters underlying the reasonably possible loss will change from time to time. As a result, actual
results may vary significantly from the current estimate. 

While the ultimate resolution is unknown, based on the information currently
available, we do not expect that the pending lawsuit or the enforcement of the judgment will have a material adverse effect on our operations,
financial condition or cash flows. However, the outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance that any
expense, liability or damages that may ultimately result from the resolution of the pending lawsuit or enforcement of the judgment will
be covered by our insurance or will not be in excess of amounts recognized or provided by insurance coverage and will not have a material
adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 

Notice
of Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule 

On
March 14, 2024, the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications staff notified Digital Ally, Inc. (the Company ), that due to resignation
of Mr. Michael J. Caulfield from the Company s board of directors (the Board effective on January 31, 2024, the
Company no longer complies with the audit committee and compensation committee requirements as set forth in Listing Rule 5605 of The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), including the requirements that there are at least three independent directors on the
Company s audit committee and at least two independent directors on the Company s compensation committee. 

The
notification has no immediate effect on the Company s listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rules,
the Company is provided a cure period until the earlier of the Company s next annual shareholders meeting (or July 29, 2024
if the next shareholders meeting will be held before July 29, 2024) or January 31, 2025 (the Cure Period ). If the
Company does not regain compliance by within the Cure Period, Nasdaq will provide written notice that the Company s common stock,
par value per share, will be subject to delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market, at which time, the Company may appeal the delisting
determination to a Hearings Panel. 

Management
of the Company has resolved to take commercially reasonable steps to fill the vacancy on the Board with a new director who qualifies
as independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules as soon as is practical and anticipates regaining compliance during the Cure Period. However,
there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to satisfy Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605 or will otherwise be in compliance with other
Nasdaq listing criteria. See NOTE 16. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS for additional information pertaining to this matter. 

 and for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company had adopted ten separate stock option and restricted stock plans: (i) the 2005 Stock Option and Restricted
Stock Plan (the 2005 Plan ), (ii) the 2006 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2006 Plan ), (iii) the
2007 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2007 Plan ), (iv) the 2008 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the
 2008 Plan ), (v) the 2011 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2011 Plan ), (vi) the 2013 Stock Option
and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2013 Plan ), (vii) the 2015 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2015 Plan ),
(viii) the 2018 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2018 Plan ), (ix) the 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock
Plan (the 2020 Plan ), and (x) the 2022 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 2022 Plan ). The 2005 Plan,
2006 Plan, 2007 Plan, 2008 Plan, 2011 Plan, 2013 Plan, 2015 Plan, 2018 Plan, 2020 Plan and 2022 Plan are referred to as the Plans. 

Stock
option grants. The Company believes that such awards better align the interests of our employees with those of its stockholders.
Option awards have been granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of its stock at the date of grant with such option awards
generally vesting based on the completion of continuous service and having ten-year contractual terms. These option awards typically
provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control (as defined in the Plans). The Company has registered all shares of common
stock that are issuable under its Plans with the SEC. A total of shares remained available for awards under the various Plans
as of September 30, 2024. 

The
fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

The
Plans allow for the cashless exercise of stock options. This provision allows the option holder to surrender/cancel options with an intrinsic
value equivalent to the purchase/exercise price of other options exercised. There were no shares surrendered pursuant to cashless exercises
during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding was - - and - -, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The aggregate
intrinsic value of options exercisable was - - and - -, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

As
of September 30, 2024, the unrecognized portion of stock compensation expense on all existing stock options was - -. 

to 
 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 to 
 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 to 
 
 years 
 
 years 

years 
 
 years 

Restricted
stock grants. The Board of Directors has granted restricted stock awards under the Plans. Restricted stock awards are valued
on the date of grant and have no purchase price for the recipient. Restricted stock awards typically vest over one to five years corresponding
to anniversaries of the grant date. Under the Plans, unvested shares of restricted stock awards may be forfeited upon the termination
of service to or employment with the Company, depending upon the circumstances of termination. Except for restrictions placed on the
transferability of restricted stock, holders of unvested restricted stock have full stockholder s rights, including voting rights
and the right to receive cash dividends. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested balance, September 30, 2024 

The
Company estimated the fair market value of these restricted stock grants based on the closing market price on the date of grant. As of
September 30, 2024, there were of total unrecognized compensation costs related to all remaining non-vested restricted stock
grants, which will be amortized over the next forty-two months in accordance with their respective vesting scale. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

shares of Common Stock. The warrant terms provide for net
cash settlement outside the control of the Company under certain circumstances. As such, the Company is required to treat these warrants
as derivative liabilities which are valued at their estimated fair value at their issuance date and at each reporting date with any subsequent
changes reported in the consolidated statements of operations as the change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities. Furthermore,
the Company re-values the fair value of warrant derivative liability as of the date the warrant is exercised with the resulting warrant
derivative liability transitioned to change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities through the consolidated statement of operations. 

The
Company has utilized the following assumptions in its Black-Scholes option valuation model to calculate the estimated fair value of the
warrant derivative liability relative to the 2023 Purchase Warrants as of their date of issuance and as of September 30, 2024: 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend 

Remaining contractual term 
 years 
 years 
 
 Exercise price 

Common stock issuable under the warrants 

2024
Purchase Warrants 

On
June 25, 2024, the Company issued Series A and prefunded warrants to purchase a total of 
 shares of Common Stock along with the sale of
common stock. The Company also issued Series B Warrants that will be exercisable at any time or times on or after the date Stockholder
Approval is obtained. Both the Series A and Series B warrants have reset provisions that are activated upon the date Stockholder Approval
is obtained. See NOTE 16. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS for further information on such reset provisions. The warrant terms provide for net
cash settlement outside the control of the Company under certain circumstances. As such, the Company is required to treat these warrants
as derivative liabilities which are valued at their estimated fair value at their issuance date and at each reporting date with any subsequent
changes reported in the consolidated statements of operations as the change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities. Furthermore,
the Company re-values the fair value of warrant derivative liability as of the date the warrant is exercised with the resulting warrant
derivative liability transitioned to change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities through the consolidated statement of operations. 

During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the prefunded warrants to purchase shares of common stock were fully exercised. 

The
Company has utilized the following assumptions in its Black-Scholes option valuation model to calculate the estimated fair value of the
derivative liability relative to the 2024 Purchase Warrants as of their date of issuance and as of September 30, 2024: 

- 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend 

Remaining contractual term 
 - years 
 years 
 
 Exercise price 

Common stock issuable under the warrants 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/cancelled 

Vested Balance, September 30, 2024 

The
total intrinsic value of all outstanding warrants aggregated - - as of September 30, 2024. The following table summarizes the range
of exercise prices and weighted average remaining contractual life for outstanding and exercisable warrants to purchase shares of common
stock as of September 30, 2024: 

years 

years 

years 

years 

years 

shares of common stock to officers of the Company. . Additionally, the board of directors approved the grant of restricted
common shares to certain new employees of the Company. Such shares will generally vest over a period of one to on their respective
anniversary dates in January through January 2025, provided that each grantee remains an employee of the company on such dates. 

2024
Issuance of Restricted Common Stock 

In
January 2024, the board of directors approved the grant of shares of common stock to officers of the Company. . Additionally, the board of directors approved the grant of restricted
common shares to certain new employees of the Company. Such shares will generally vest over a period of one to on their respective
anniversary dates in January through January 2026, provided that each grantee remains an employee of the company on such dates. 

2024
Private Placement Transaction 

On
June 24, 2024, the Company entered into a private placement transaction (the Private Placement ), pursuant to a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors (the Purchasers for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million, before deducting fees to the placement agent and other expenses payable by
the Company in connection with the Private Placement. 

As
part of the Private Placement, the Company issued an aggregate of units and pre-funded units (collectively, the Units at a purchase price of per unit (less per pre-funded unit). Each Unit consists of (i) one share of common stock, par value
 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock (or one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock (the
 Pre-Funded Warrants )), (ii) one Series A warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Series A Warrant and (iii) one Series B warrant to purchase such number of shares of Common Stock as will be determined on the Reset Date and in accordance with the terms therein (the Series B Warrant , and together with the Series A Warrant, the Warrants ). 

Cancellation
of Restricted Stock 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company cancelled 
and shares due to termination of employees, respectively. 

Exercise of Prefunded Warrants 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the prefunded warrants to purchase shares of common stock were fully exercised. 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
February 6, 2023, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, as amended, with the Secretary of State of
the State of Nevada to effect a (the Reverse Stock Split of the shares of our common stock. The Reverse Stock Split was
effective as of time of filing. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Any fractional shares
of our Common Stock that would have otherwise resulted from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded up to the nearest whole number. In
connection with the Reverse Stock Split, our board approved appropriate and proportional adjustments to all outstanding securities
or other rights convertible or exercisable into shares of our Common Stock, including, without limitation, all preferred stock,
warrants, options, and other equity compensation rights. All historical share and per-share amounts reflected throughout our
condensed consolidated financial statements and other financial information in this Report have been adjusted to reflect the Reverse
Stock Split as if the split occurred as of the earliest period presented. The par value per share of our common stock was not
affected by the Reverse Stock Split. 

Noncontrolling
Interests 

The
Company owns a 
equity interest in its consolidated subsidiary, Nobility Healthcare. As a result, the noncontrolling shareholders or minority
interest is allocated 
of the income/loss of Nobility Healthcare which is reflected in the statement of (income) loss as net (income) loss
attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary . We reported net
loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary of and
 for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and and
 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

, with
the sum of paid at the time of closing Closing ), and the remainder to be paid on or before thirty days from the
time of Closing. Kustom 440 shall receive a credit for all non-refunded festival ticket sales for the 2024 Country Stampede to be calculated
immediately prior to Closing, and JC Entertainment shall be entitled to keep all ticket sale proceeds made and/or received prior to Closing.
Kustom 440 shall be obligated, to the extent a refund is sought after Closing, to provide such refund, if appropriate, to the customer
requesting a refund, and shall indemnify and hold harmless JC Entertainment from any and all claims, liabilities, costs, suits, or the
like relating to such refund request. 

The
Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method and that the Company has early adopted the amendments of Regulation
S-X dated May 21, 2020 and has concluded that this acquisition was not significant. Accordingly, the presentation of the assets acquired,
historical financial statements under Rule 3-05 and related pro forma information under Article 11 of Regulation S-X, respectively, are
not required to be presented. Under the acquisition method, the purchase price of the Country Stampede Acquisition has been allocated
to the acquired tangible and identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the time
of the Country Stampede Acquisition. This allocation involves a number of assumptions, estimates, and judgments that could materially
affect the timing or amounts recognized in our financial statements. The Country Stampede Acquisition was structured as an asset purchase;
however the parties agreed to coordinate the election to invoke IRS Section 338(h)(10) relative to this transaction for tax purposes.
Therefore, the excess purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which will be amortized
over 15 years for income tax filing purposes. Likewise, the other acquired assets were stepped up to fair value and is deductible for
income tax purposes. The results of operations of acquired businesses are included in the consolidated financial statements from the
acquisition date. 

The
purchase price of the Country Stampede Acquisition was allocated to tangible assets, goodwill, identifiable intangible assets, and assumed
liabilities based on their preliminary estimated fair values at the time of the acquisition. The Company retained the services of an
independent valuation firm to determine the fair value of these identifiable intangible assets. The Company will continue to evaluate
the fair value of the identified intangible assets. The preliminary estimated fair value of assets acquired, and liabilities assumed
in the Country Stampede Acquisition were as follows: 

Identifiable intangible assets acquired (Trademarks and trade names) 

Goodwill 

Liabilities assumed 

Liabilities assumed pursuant to stock purchase agreement 

Net assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Consideration: 

Cash paid at Country Stampede Acquisition date 

Cash paid subsequent to closing 

Total Country Stampede Acquisition purchase price 

During
the measurement period (which is the period required to obtain all necessary information that existed at the acquisition date, or to
conclude that such information is unavailable, not to exceed one year), additional assets or liabilities may be recognized, or there
could be changes to the amounts of assets or liabilities previously recognized on a preliminary basis, if new information is obtained
about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of these
assets or liabilities as of that date. 

operating segments are Video Solutions, Revenue Cycle Management, and Entertainment, each of which
has specific personnel responsible for that business and reports to the CODM. Corporate expenses capture the Company s corporate
administrative activities, is also to be reported in the segment information. The Company s captive insurance subsidiary provides
services to the Company s other business segments and not to outside customers. Therefore, its operations are eliminated in consolidation
and is not considered a separate business segment for financial reporting purposes. 

The
Video Solutions Segment encompasses our law, commercial, and Shield divisions. This segment includes both service and product
revenues through our subscription models offering cloud and warranty solutions, and hardware sales for video and health safety solutions.
The Revenue Cycle Management Segment provides working capital and back-office services to a variety of healthcare organizations throughout
the country, as a monthly service fee. The Entertainment Segment acts as an intermediary between ticket buyers and sellers within our
secondary ticketing platform, ticketsmarter.com, and we also acquire tickets from primary sellers to then sell through various platforms. 

The
Company s corporate administration activities are reported in the corporate line item. These activities primarily include expense
related to certain corporate officers and support staff, certain accounting staff, expense related to the Company s Board of Directors,
stock option expense for options granted to corporate administration employees, certain consulting expenses, investor relations activities,
and a portion of the Company s legal, auditing and professional fee expenses. Corporate identifiable assets primarily consist of
cash, invested cash (if any), refundable income taxes (if any), and deferred income taxes. 

Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 

Total Net Revenues 

Gross Profit: 

Video Solutions 

Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 

Total Gross Profit 

Operating Income (loss): 

Video Solutions 

Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 

Corporate 

Total Operating Income (Loss) 

Depreciation and Amortization: 

Video Solutions 

Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 

Total Depreciation and Amortization 

September
30, 2024 
 December
31, 2023 
 
 Assets (net of eliminations): 

Video Solutions 

Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 

Corporate 

Total Identifiable Assets 

The
segments recorded noncash items effecting the gross profit and operating income (loss) through the established inventory reserves based
on estimates of excess and/or obsolete current and non-current inventory. The Company recorded a reserve for excess and obsolete inventory
in the video solutions segment of and a reserve for the entertainment segment of as of September 30, 2024. 

The
segment net revenues reported above represent sales to external customers. Segment gross profit represents net revenues less cost of
revenues. Segment operating income, which is used in management s evaluation of segment performance, represents net revenues, less
cost of revenues, less all operating expenses. Identifiable assets are those assets used by each segment in its operations. Corporate
assets primarily consist of cash, property, plant and equipment, accounts receivable, inventories, and other assets. 

and
 as
of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023 and management fees in accordance with the operating agreement of as
of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023. The Company recorded management fees of and
 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Transactions
with Related Party of TicketSmarter 

On
September 22, 2023, a trust, the beneficiaries of which are TicketSmarter s Chief Executive Officer and his spouse, made a loan
in the amount of to TicketSmarter to support TicketSmarter s operations. On October 2, 2023 an additional was
advanced to Ticketsmarter. The transaction was recorded as a related party note payable (the TicketSmarter Related Party Note ).
The TicketSmarter Related Party Note bears interest of per annum with repayment beginning January 2, 2024. As of September 30,
2024, the entire TicketSmarter Related Party note is , is classified as current, with an accrued interest balance of .
The use of proceeds of the TicketSmarter Related Party Note was to resolve numerous outstanding payables at a discounted rate, the discount
received to resolve such outstanding payables is recognized as a gain on extinguishment of liabilities on the statement of operations.
Additionally, these negotiations relieved TicketSmarter of numerous future obligations following fiscal year 2023. 

Company Related Party
Note 

On August 22, 2024, Digital Ally s Chief Executive Officer, made a loan in the amount of 100,000 to the Company to support its
operations. The transaction was recorded as a related party note payable (the Company Related Party Note ). The Company Related
Party Note bears interest at the prime Rate (8.00 as of September 30, 2024) per annum with repayment due on demand. As of September 30,
2024, the entire Company Related Party note of 100,000, is classified as current, with an accrued interest balance of 854. 

payment that was due on October 10, 2024, (ii) accelerating all principal and interest payments due under the Note, and (iii) demanding
the Borrowers enter into a lockbox control agreement within ten (10) business days of the date of the Default Notice. As of the date
of the Default Notice, the outstanding obligation of the Company under the Note was approximately . 

On
October 24, 2024, the Company received a Notice of UCC Article 9 Public Sale (the Sale Notice from counsel to the administrative
agent for the Note notifying the Company that it intended to conduct a public sale of the collateral securing the Company s obligations
under the Note and Security Agreement on November 5, 2024. 

As
further described below, the Company raised sufficient funds through a private placement which closed on November 7, 2024, to repay the
Note in full. The Company s full repayment of the outstanding obligations under such promissory note effectively cured all defaults
under the Agreement and terminated the public sale process of the collateral securing the Borrowers obligations thereunder. 

Securities
Purchase Agreement 

On
November 6, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with certain institutional investors
(the Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to such Purchasers, in a private placement transaction,
(i) senior secured promissory notes in aggregate principal amount of (the Notes ), and (ii) shares (the
 Commitment Shares of the Company s common stock, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million, before
deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. This private placement closed on November 7, 2024
(the Closing Date ). 

Pursuant
to the SPA, the Company was required to use approximately of the net proceeds from the private placement to pay, in full,
all liabilities, obligations and indebtedness owing by the Company and its subsidiary, Kustom Entertainment, Inc., to Mosh Man, LLC (the
 Borrower ). 

The
Company s full repayment of the outstanding obligations under such promissory note effectively cured all defaults under the promissory
note and terminated the public sale process of the collateral securing the Borrowers obligations thereunder. 

The
Company anticipates that the remaining net proceeds from the Private Placement after repayment of the Mosh Man promissory note, and after
deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses, will meet the Company s capital needs for approximately three months,
subsequent to which the Company anticipates that it will need to raise additional funds to implement its business plan and to service
its ongoing operations. The Company also anticipates pursuing the sale of its video solutions business in the short term. 

Pursuant
to the SPA, the Company is required to file within 30 days of the Closing Date a registration statement with the SEC for a public offering
and use its reasonable best efforts to pursue and consummate a follow-on financing transaction within 90 days of the Closing Date. The
proceeds of the public offering shall be first used for the repayment of the principal amounts of the Notes. The Company is also required
to file within 30 days of the Closing Date a registration statement on Form S-1 (or other appropriate form if the Company is not then
S-1 eligible) providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Commitment Shares issued under the SPA. The Company is required to use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective within 60 days following the filing thereof
and to keep such registration statement effective at all times until no Purchaser owns any Commitment Shares. 

Furthermore,
pursuant to the SPA, the Company was required to complete the following: (i) the Company s board of directors shall approve an
amendment to the Company s bylaws setting the quorum required for a special meeting of stockholders to one-third of all stockholders
entitled to vote at such special meeting and (ii) the Company shall file with the SEC a preliminary proxy statement on Schedule 14A announcing
a meeting of stockholders for the purpose of approving the Series A and Series B warrants issued by the Company on June 25, 2024. 

Senior
Secured Promissory Notes 

If
the Company engages in one or more subsequent financings while the Notes are outstanding, the Company will be required to use at
least of the gross proceeds of such financing to redeem all or any portion of the Notes outstanding. The Company may also
prepay the Notes in whole or in part at any time or from time to time. The Notes also contain customary representations and
warranties and covenants of each of the parties. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes are secured by a first lien and continuing
security interest in and to the Collateral (as defined in the Notes). 

Notice
of Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule 

On
November 25, 2024, the Company received a notice (the Notice from the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, which indicated that, as
a result of the Company s delay in filing its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company
was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires Nasdaq-listed companies to timely file all required periodic
financial reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

The
Notice states that the Company has until January 24, 2025, to submit to Nasdaq an update to its plan to regain compliance with the Rule.
The Notice also indicates that any additional exception to allow the Company to regain compliance with all delinquent filings will be
limited to up to 180 calendar days from the due date of the Initial Delinquent Filing, or until May 19, 2025. The Notice has no immediate
effect on the listing of the Company s securities on Nasdaq. 

The
Company continues to work diligently to complete its Quarterly Report and plans to file its Quarterly Report as promptly as possible
to regain compliance with the Rule. 

December 20, 2024, the Company
received a written notification from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC indicating that the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule
5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement ), as the Company s closing bid price for its common stock was below
 per share for the prior thirty (30) consecutive business days. The Company has been granted a 180-calendar day compliance period,
or until June 18, 2025, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. If the Company is not
in compliance by June 18, 2025, the Company may be afforded a second 180-calendar day compliance period. If the Company does not regain
compliance within such compliance period, including any granted extensions, its common stock may be subject to delisting, which
delisting may be appealed to a Nasdaq hearings panel. 

Common Stock Warrant Reset 

On June 24, 2024, the Company entered into a private placement transaction as previously described in NOTE 12.
STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (the June 2024 Private Placement ). As part of the June 2024 Private Placement, the Company
issued an aggregate of units and pre-funded units at a purchase price of per unit (less per pre-funded unit).
Each Unit consisted of (i) one share of common stock, par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock (or
one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock), (ii) one Series A warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Series
A Warrant and (iii) one Series B warrant to purchase such number of shares of Common Stock as will be determined on the Reset
Date (as defined below) and in accordance with the terms therein. The Pre-Funded Warrants were immediately exercisable at an exercise
price of per share of Common Stock and were fully exercised in August 2024. The Series A Warrants became issued and exercisable
on and after the date Stockholder Approval was obtained, has an initial exercise price of per share of Common Stock and a term of
 after the date that the Company obtains Stockholder Approval. Such Stockholder Approval was obtained at the annual meeting of
shareholders held on December 17, 2024 as described below. The Series A and B Warrants are now issued and exercisable at any time after
the date Stockholder Approval was obtained (December 17, 2024). Both the Series A and B warrants are subject to price and quantity resets
based on the lowest daily weighted average trading price of the shares of Common Stock during a period of 20 trading days, subject to
a pricing reset floor of per share of Common Stock. Based on the Stockholder Approval date of December 17, 2024 and the weighted
average trading price experienced, the Series A and B warrants both reset to the floor price of per share and the number of shares
underlying the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants were reset to approximately shares and shares, respectively.
Both the Series A and B warrants are now fully issued and exercisable subsequent to . 

Common Stock Issuance 

The Company
issued shares
of common stock subsequent to September 30, 2024, upon the exercise of common stock purchase Series B warrants. 

On November 6, 2024, the Company entered into a SPA with certain institutional
investors, pursuant to which the Company issued to such institutional investors, in a private placement transaction, (i) senior secured
promissory notes in aggregate principal amount of , and (ii) shares of the Company s common stock, for aggregate
gross proceeds of approximately million. 

Termination
of Material Definitive Agreement. 

On
June 1, 2023, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary Kustom Entertainment, Inc. Kustom entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Clover Leaf Capital Corp., Clover Leaf ), and their subsidiary
whereby Kustom and Clover Leaf would merge. 

On
November 7, 2024, pursuant to provisions of the Merger Agreement, the Company, Clover Leaf, and related entities the parties entered
into a Mutual Termination and Release Agreement (the Termination Agreement to terminate the Merger Agreement. As a result
of the Termination Agreement, the Merger Agreement was fully terminated and is of no further force and effect. 

Amendments
to Company Bylaws 

On
November 6, 2024, the Company adopted Amendment No. 1 to its Corporate Bylaws with the approval of the Company s board of directors.

Annual
Meeting 

The
Company held its annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting on December 17, 2024 for the following purpose: 

1. 
 To
 elect four directors; 

2. 
 To
 ratify the appointment of RBSM LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm; 

3. 
 To
 approve the transactions contemplated by the securities purchase agreement, entered into as of June 24, 2024, by and between the
 Company and investors, including, the issuance of or more of our outstanding shares of common stock, par value per share
 (the Common Stock upon (i) exercise of Series A Common Stock Purchase Warrant; and (ii) exercise of Series B Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant, each dated ; and 

4. 
 To approve a proposal to authorize the board of directors of the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, and without further action of the stockholders, to file an amendment to our articles of incorporation, to effect a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding Common Stock at a ratio to be determined by the Board, , with such reverse stock split to be effected at such time and date, if at all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, but no later than December 16, 2025, when the authority granted in this proposal to implement the reverse stock split would terminate. 
 
 All of the
 above matters were approved by the stockholders at the Annual Meeting on December 17, 2024. As a result, the Notice of
 Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule described in NOTE 9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES has been cured with the
 election of four members to serve on our Board of Directors at the Annual Meeting on December 17, 2024. 

37 

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

This
quarterly report on Form 10-Q (the Report of Digital Ally, Inc. (the Company , we , us ,
or our contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The words aim, anticipate, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, feel, 
 forecast, intend, may, outlook, plan, potential, 
 predict, project, seek, should, will, would, and
similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying
words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations or forecasts of future events, can be affected by inaccurate
assumptions, and are subject to various business risks and known and unknown uncertainties, a number of which are beyond our control.
Therefore, actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this document, and readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

We
undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise. A wide variety of factors could cause or contribute to such differences and could adversely impact revenues, profitability,
cash flows and capital needs. There can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this document will, in fact,
transpire or prove to be accurate. 

Factors
that could cause or contribute to our actual results differing materially from those discussed herein or for our stock price to be adversely
affected include, but are not limited to: (1) our losses in recent years, including fiscal years 2024 and 2023; (2) economic and other
risks for our business from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the impacts on our law-enforcement and commercial customers,
suppliers and employees and on our ability to raise capital as required; (3) our ability to increase revenues, increase our margins and
return to consistent profitability in the current economic and competitive environment; (4) our operation in developing markets and uncertainty
as to market acceptance of our technology and new products; (5) the availability of funding from federal, state and local governments
to facilitate the budgets of law enforcement agencies, including the timing, amount and restrictions on such funding; (6) our ability
to maintain or expand our share of the market for our products in the domestic and international markets in which we compete, including
increasing our international revenues; (7) our ability to produce our products in a cost-effective manner; (8) competition from larger,
more established companies with far greater economic and human resources; (9) our ability to attract and retain quality employees; (10)
risks related to dealing with governmental entities as customers; (11) our expenditure of significant resources in anticipation of sales
due to our lengthy sales cycle and the potential to receive no revenue in return; (12) characterization of our market by new products
and rapid technological change; (13) our dependence on sales of our EVO-HD, DVM-800, DVM-250 and FirstVU products; (14) that stockholders
may lose all or part of their investment if we are unable to compete in our markets and return to profitability; (15) defects in our
products that could impair our ability to sell our products or could result in litigation and other significant costs; (16) our dependence
on a few manufacturers and suppliers for components of our products and our dependence on domestic and foreign manufacturers for certain
of our products; (17) our ability to protect technology through patents and to protect our proprietary technology and information, such
as trade secrets, through other similar means; (18) our ability to generate more recurring cloud and service revenues; (19) risks related
to our license arrangements; (20) the fluctuation of our operation results from quarter to quarter; (21) sufficient voting power by coalitions
of a few of our larger stockholders, including directors and officers, to make corporate governance decisions that could have a significant
effect on us and the other stockholders; (22) the issuance or sale of substantial amounts of our Common Stock, or the perception that
such sales may occur in the future, which may have a depressive effect on the market price of our securities; (23) potential dilution
from the issuance of Common Stock underlying outstanding options and warrants; (24) our additional securities available for issuance,
which, if issued, could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our Common Stock; (25) the volatility of our stock price due to
a number of factors, including, but not limited to, a relatively limited public float; (26) our ability to integrate and realize the
anticipated benefits from acquisitions; (27) our ability to maintain the listing of our Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market 

Current
Trends and Recent Developments for the Company 

Segment
Overview 

Video
Solutions Operating Segment Within our video solutions operating segment we supply technology-based products utilizing our
portable digital video and audio recording capabilities for the law enforcement and security industries and for the commercial fleet
and mass transit markets. We have the ability to integrate electronic, radio, computer, mechanical, and multi-media technologies to create
positive solutions to our customers requests. Our products include: the EVO-HD, DVM-800 and DVM-800 Lite, which are in-car digital
video systems for law enforcement and commercial markets; the FirstVU body-worn camera line, consisting of the FirstVu Pro, FirstVu,
and the FirstVU HD; our patented and revolutionary VuLink product integrates our body-worn cameras with our in-car systems by providing
hands-free automatic activation for both law enforcement and commercial markets; the FLT-250, DVM-250, and DVM-250 Plus, which are our
commercial line of digital video mirrors that serve as event recorders for the commercial fleet and mass transit markets;
and FleetVu and VuLink, which are our cloud-based evidence management systems. We further diversified and broadened our product offerings
in 2020, by introducing two new lines of branded products: (1) the ThermoVu which is a line of self-contained temperature monitoring
stations that provides alerts and controls facility access when an individual s temperature exceeds a pre-set threshold and (2)
our Shield disinfectants and cleansers which are for use against viruses and bacteria. 

38 

Our
video solutions segment revenue encompasses video recording products and services for our law enforcement and commercial customers and
the sale of Shield disinfectant and personal protective products. This segment generates revenues through our subscription models offering
cloud and warranty solutions, and hardware sales for video and personal protective safety products and solutions. Revenues for product
sales are recognized upon delivery of the product, and revenues from our cloud and warranty subscription plans are deferred over the
term of the subscription, typically 3 or 5 years. 

Revenue
Cycle Management Operating Segment We entered the revenue cycle management business late in the second quarter of 2021 with
the formation of our wholly owned subsidiary, Digital Ally Healthcare, Inc. and its majority-owned subsidiary Nobility Healthcare. Nobility
Healthcare completed its first acquisition in June 2021, when it acquired a private medical billing company, and has since completed
three additional acquisitions of private medical billing companies, in which we will assist in providing working capital and back-office
services to healthcare organizations throughout the country. Our assistance consists of insurance and benefit verification, medical treatment
documentation and coding, and collections. Through our expertise and experience in this field, we maximize our customers service
revenues collected, leading to substantial improvements in their operating margins and cash flows. 

Our
revenue cycle management segment consists of our medical billing subsidiaries. Revenues of this segment are recognized after we perform
the obligations of our revenue cycle management services. Our revenue cycle management services are services, performed and charged monthly,
generally based on a contractual percentage of total customer collections, for which we recognize our net service fees. 

Entertainment
Operating Segment - We also entered into live entertainment and events ticketing services through the formation of our wholly owned
subsidiary, TicketSmarter and its completed acquisitions of Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC, on September 1, 2021. TicketSmarter
provides ticket sales, partnerships, and mainly, ticket resale services through its online ticketing marketplace for live events, TicketSmarter.com.
TicketSmarter offers tickets for over 125,000 live events through its platform, for a wide range of events, including concerts, sporting
events, theatres, and performing arts, throughout the country. We also offer production and promotion of live music events in third-party
venues throughout the country. These services begin with the logistical matters of an event, including artist booking and research, ticketing,
staging, on-site operations, vendor sourcing, and day of production. 

Our
entertainment operating segment consists of entertainment services provided through TicketSmarter and its online platform, TicketSmarter.com.
Revenues of this segment include ticketing service charges generally determined as a percentage of the face value of the underlying ticket
and ticket sales from our ticket inventory which are recognized when the underlying tickets are sold. Entertainment direct expenses include
the cost of tickets purchased for resale by the Company and held as inventory, credit card fees, ticketing platform expenses, website
maintenance fees, along with other administrative costs. 

Results
of Operations 

Summarized
financial information for the Company s reportable business segments is provided for the indicated periods and as of September
30, 2024, and September 30, 2023: 

For
 the three months ended September 30, 

For
 the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Net Revenues: 

Video Solutions 

1,196,362 

1,797,348 

4,500,325 

5,596,300 

Revenue Cycle Management 

1,601,792 

1,636,543 

4,600,745 

5,142,904 

Entertainment 

1,253,557 

2,903,808 

6,096,227 

11,575,315 

Total Net Revenues 

4,051,711 

6,337,699 

15,197,297 

22,314,519 

Gross Profit: 

Video Solutions 

769,063 

426,795 

1,622,558 

1,740,397 

Revenue Cycle Management 

666,723 

625,114 

1,731,860 

2,203,220 

Entertainment 

304,188 

174,240 

149,386 

1,564,361 

Total Gross Profit 

1,739,974 

1,226,149 

3,503,804 

5,507,978 

Operating Income (loss): 

Video Solutions 

(89,055) 

(1,311,143) 

(1,909,246) 

(4,639,316) 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 

(4,085,224) 

43,202 

(3,955,761) 

299,010 

Entertainment 

(1,516,934) 

(1,256,681) 

(3,987,415) 

(2,818,617) 
 
 Corporate 

(1,691,086) 

(2,623,421) 

(5,083,070) 

(9,102,631) 
 
 Total Operating Income (Loss) 

(7,382,299) 

(5,148,043) 

(14,935,492) 

(16,261,554) 

Depreciation and Amortization: 

Video Solutions 

133,246 

219,955 

520,970 

629,677 

Revenue Cycle Management 

26,735 

26,328 

80,164 

69,066 

Entertainment 

339,265 

319,302 

977,112 

957,884 

Total Depreciation and Amortization 

499,246 

565,585 

1,578,246 

1,656,627 

39 

September
 30, 2024 

December
 31, 2023 

Assets (net of eliminations): 

Video Solutions 

16,876,673 

26,396,559 

Revenue Cycle Management 

1,969,225 

2,260,376 

Entertainment 

6,037,666 

6,324,211 

Corporate 

7,379,605 

12,047,663 

Total
 Identifiable Assets 

32,263,169 

47,028,809 

Segment
net revenues reported above represent only sales to external customers. Segment gross profit represents net revenues less cost of revenues.
Segment operating income (loss), which is used in management s evaluation of segment performance, represents net revenues, less
cost of revenues, less all operating expenses. Identifiable assets are those assets used by each segment in its operations. Corporate
assets primarily consist of cash, property, plant and equipment, accounts receivable, inventories, and other assets. 

Consolidated
Results of Operations 

We
experienced operating losses for the nine months of 2024 and all quarters during 2023. The following is a summary of our recent operating
results on a quarterly basis: 

For the Three Months Ended: 

September 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2024 
 March 31, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Total revenue 
 4,051,711 
 5,616,235 
 5,529,351 
 6,228,351 
 6,337,699 
 
 Gross profit 
 1,739,974 
 242,392 
 1,523,699 
 549,031 
 1,226,149 
 
 Gross profit margin 
 42.9 
 4.3 
 27.6 
 8.8 
 19.3 
 
 Total selling, general and administrative expenses 
 9,122,273 
 4,156,613 
 5,162,733 
 6,528,031 
 6,374,192 
 
 Operating income (loss) 
 (7,382,299 
 (3,914,221 
 (3,639,034 
 (5,979,000 
 (5,148,043 
 
 Operating income (loss) 
 (182.2 
 (69.7 
 (65.8 
 (96.0 
 (81.2 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (5,470,712 
 (5,010,551 
 (3,943,268 
 (7,484,778 
 (3,679,043 

Our
business is subject to substantial fluctuations on a quarterly basis as reflected in the significant variations in revenues and operating
results in the above table. These variations result from various factors, including but not limited to: (1) the timing of large individual
orders; (2) the traction gained by products, such as the recently released FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, FLT-250, EVO HD, the ThermoVu 
and the Shield lines; (3) production, quality and other supply chain issues affecting our cost of goods sold; (4) unusual increases
in operating expenses, such as the timing of trade shows and stock-based and bonus compensation; (5) the timing of patent infringement
litigation settlements (6) ongoing patent and other litigation and related expenses respecting outstanding lawsuits; and (7) the completion
of corporate acquisitions including the recent purchases in the revenue cycle management and entertainment operating segments. We reported
a net loss of 5,470,712 on revenues of 4,051,711 for the third quarter of 2024. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet debt, nor did we have any transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations)
or other relationships with any unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on financial
conditions, changes in the financial conditions, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant
components of revenue or expenses other than the following: 

We
are a party to operating leases and license agreements that represent commitments for future payments and we have issued purchase orders
in the ordinary course of business that represent commitments to future payments for goods and services. 

40 

For
the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Results
of Operations 

Summarized
immediately below and discussed in more detail in the subsequent subsections is an analysis of our operating results for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, represented as a percentage of total revenues for each such quarter: 

For the three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 100 
 100 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 57 
 81 

Gross profit 
 43 
 19 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses: 

Research and development expense 
 5 
 9 
 
 Selling, advertising and promotional expense 
 10 
 30 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 91 
 61 
 
 Goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge 
 119 

Total selling, general and administrative expenses 
 225 
 101 

Operating loss 
 (182 
 (81 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 62 
 29 
 
 Gain (loss) on extinguishment of liabilities 
 
 8 
 
 Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 
 11 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 (8 

Other income and interest income (expense), net 
 (18 
 (15 

Income (loss) before income tax benefit 
 (135 
 (59 
 
 Income tax (provision) 

Net income/(loss) 
 (135 
 (59 

Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary 
 49 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 
 (86 
 (59 

Net income/(loss) per share information: 

Basic 
 (0.91 
 (1.32 
 
 Diluted 
 (0.91 
 (1.32 

41 

Revenues 

Revenues
by Type and by Operating Segment 

Our
operating segments generate two types of revenues: 

Product
revenues primarily includes video operating segment hardware sales of in-car and body-worn cameras, along with sales of our ThermoVu TM
 units, disinfectants, and personal protective equipment. Additionally, product revenues also include the sale of tickets by our
entertainment operating segment that have been purchased or received through our sponsorships and partnerships and held in inventory
by our entertainment segment until their sale. 

Service
and other revenues consist of cloud and warranty services revenues from our subscription plan and storage offerings of our video
solutions segment. Our entertainment operating segments secondary ticketing marketplace revenues are included in service revenue.
We recognize service revenue from sales generated through its secondary ticketing marketplace as we collect net services fees on secondary
ticketing marketplace transactions. Lastly, our revenue cycle management segment revenues are included in the service revenues for services
provided to medical providers throughout the country. 

Our
video operating segment sells our products and services to customers in the following manner: 

Sales
 to domestic customers are made directly to the end customer (typically a law enforcement agency or a commercial customer) through
 our sales force, comprised of our employees. Revenue is recorded when the product is shipped to the end customer. 

Sales
 to international customers are made through independent distributors who purchase products from us at a wholesale price and sell
 to the end user (typically law enforcement agencies or a commercial customer) at a retail price. The distributor retains the margin
 as compensation for its role in the transaction. The distributor generally maintains product inventory, customer receivables and
 all related risks and rewards of ownership. Revenue is recorded when the product is shipped to the distributor consistent with the
 terms of the distribution agreement. 

Repair
 parts and services for domestic and international customers are generally handled by our inside customer service employees. Revenue
 is recognized upon shipment of the repair parts and acceptance of the service or materials by the end customer. 

Our
revenue cycle management operating segment sells its services to customers in the following manner: 

Our
 revenue cycle management operating segment generates service revenues through relationships with medium to large healthcare organizations,
 in which the underlying service revenue is recognized upon execution of services. Service revenues are generally determined as a
 percentage of the dollar amount of medical billings collected by the customer. 

Our
entertainment operating segment sells our products and services to customers in the following manner: 

Our
 entertainment operating segment generates product revenues from the sale of tickets directly to consumers for a particular event
 that the entertainment operating segment has previously purchased and held in inventory for ultimate resale to the end consumer.
 Service sales through TicketSmarter, are driven largely in part to the usage of the TicketSmarter.com marketplace by buyers and sellers,
 in which the Company collects service fees for each transaction completed through this platform. 

We
may discount our prices on specific orders based upon the size of the order, the specific customer and the competitive landscape. 

42 

Product
revenues by operating segment is as follows: 

For the three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Product Revenues: 

Video Solutions 
 306,245 
 977,193 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 
 497,700 
 1,118,044 
 
 Total Product Revenues 
 803,945 
 2,095,237 

Product
revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 803,945 and 2,095,237 respectively, a decrease of 1,291,292 (62 ),
due to the following factors: 

Revenues
 generated by the entertainment operating segment began with the Company s September 2021 acquisition of TicketSmarter. The
 entertainment operating segment generated 497,700 in product revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to
 1,118,044 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 620,344 (55 ). Product revenue relates to the timing of
 the first Kustom 440 music festival in 2023 that did not recur in 2024, the initial Country Stampede music festival in 2024, as well
 as the resale of tickets purchased for live events, including sporting events, concerts, and theatre, then sold through various platforms
 to customers. The decrease in revenues is attributable to a reduction in scope of primary ticket sales by Ticketsmarter as it focuses
 on higher margin events to improve its gross margins. 

The
 Company s video segment operating segment generated revenues totalling 306,245 during the three months ended September 30,
 2024 compared to 977,193 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 670,948 (69 ). In general, our video solutions
 operating segment has experienced pressure on its product revenues as our in-car and body-worn systems are facing increased competition
 because our competitors have released new products with advanced features. Additionally, our law enforcement revenues declined compared
 to the same period in 2023 due to the Company not having inventory in stock to fulfil existing backlog orders, price-cutting
 and competitive actions by our competitors and adverse marketplace effects related to our recent financial condition. 

Our
 video solutions operating segment management has continued to focus on migrating commercial customers, from a hardware sale to a
 service fee model. Therefore, we expect a reduction in commercial hardware sales (principally DVM-250 s, FLT-250 s, and
 a portion of our body-worn camera line) as we convert these customers to a service model under which we provide the hardware as part
 of a recurring monthly service fee. In that respect, we introduced a monthly subscription agreement plan for our body worn cameras
 and related equipment during 2020 that allowed law enforcement agencies to pay a monthly service fee to obtain body worn cameras
 without incurring a significant upfront capital outlay. This program has gained some traction, resulting in decreased product revenues
 and increasing our service revenues. We expect this program to continue to hold traction, resulting in recurring revenues over a
 span of three to five years. 

Service
and other revenues by operating segment is as follows: 

For the three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Service and Other Revenues: 

Video Solutions 
 890,117 
 820,155 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 1,601,792 
 1,636,543 
 
 Entertainment 
 755,857 
 1,785,764 
 
 Total Service and Other Revenues 
 3,247,766 
 4,242,462 

43 

Service
and other revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 3,247,766 and 4,242,462, respectively, a decrease of
 994,696 (23 ), due to the following factors: 

Cloud
 revenues generated by the video solutions operating segment were 710,580 and 526,401 for the three months ended September 30, 2024
 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 184,179 (35 ). We have experienced increased interest in our cloud solutions for law enforcement
 primarily due to the deployment of our cloud-based EVO-HD in-car system and our next generation body-worn camera products, which
 contributed to our slight increase in cloud revenues in the three months ended September 30, 2024. We expect this trend to continue
 throughout 2024 as the migration from local storage to cloud storage continues in our customer base. 

Video
 solutions operating segment revenues from extended warranty services were 141,716 and 226,056 for the three months ended September
 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 84,340 (37 ). 

Our
 entertainment operating segment generated service revenues totalling 755,857 and 1,785,764 for the three months ended September
 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 1,029,907 (58 ). TicketSmarter collects fees on transactions administered through
 the TicketSmarter.com platform for the buying and selling of tickets for live events throughout the country. We expect our entertainment
 operating segment to continue to fluctuate as we look to right-size this segment and work towards profitability. 

Our
 revenue cycle management operating segment generated service revenues totalling 1,601,792 and 1,636,543 for the three months ended
 September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 34,751 (2 ). Our revenue cycle management operating segment provides revenue
 cycle management solutions and back-office services to healthcare organizations throughout the country. We expect our revenue cycle
 management segment to continue to present a strong revenue outlook moving forward. 

Total
revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 4,051,711 and 6,337,699, respectively, a decrease of 2,285,988
(36 ), due to the reasons noted above. 

Cost
of Product Revenue 

Overall
cost of product revenue sold for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 was 547,562 and 2,587,750, respectively, a decrease
of 2,040,188 (79 ). Overall cost of goods sold for products as a percentage of product revenues for the three months ended September
30, 2024, and 2023 were 68 and 124 , respectively. Cost of products sold by operating segment is as follows: 

For the three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cost of Product Revenues: 

Video Solutions 
 157,336 
 957,987 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 
 390,226 
 1,629,763 
 
 Total Cost of Product Revenues 
 547,562 
 2,587,750 

The
decrease in cost of goods sold for our video solutions segment products was primarily driven by the sale of repair inventory and components
as compared to the same period in the prior year. We have been unable to ship backlog due to low inventory levels of finished goods.
Cost of product sold as a percentage of product revenues for the video solutions segment decreased to 51 for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 as compared to 98 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

44 

The
decrease in entertainment operating segment cost of product sold was driven by the reduction in sponsored events and primary ticket sales
as we selectively limited our events presented for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023, resulting
in cost of product revenue of 390,226 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1,629,763 for the three months ended
September 30, 2023. Cost of product sold as a percentage of product revenues for the entertainment segment was 78 for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 146 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

Cost
of Service Revenue 

Overall
cost of service revenue sold for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 was 1,764,175 and 2,523,800, respectively, a decrease
of 759,625 (30 ). Overall cost of goods sold for services as a percentage of service revenues for the three months ended September
30, 2024, and 2023 were 54 and 59 , respectively. Cost of service revenues by operating shipment is as follows: 

For the three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cost of Service Revenues: 

Video Solutions 
 269,962 
 382,430 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 935,070 
 1,011,429 
 
 Entertainment 
 559,143 
 1,129,941 
 
 Total Cost of Service Revenues 
 1,764,175 
 2,523,800 

The
decrease in cost of service revenues for our video solutions segment reflects our staffing reductions implemented during 2024 in order
to right-size our operations commensurate with our service revenues in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three
months ended September 30, 2023. Cost of service revenues as a percentage of service revenues for the video solutions segment decreased
to 30 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 47 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

Cost
of service revenues as a percentage of service revenues for the revenue cycle management operating segment remained consistent at 58 
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 62 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

The
decrease in entertainment operating segment cost of service revenues is commensurate with the decrease in service revenues in the three
months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Cost of service revenues as a percentage of service
revenues for the entertainment segment was 74 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 63 for the three months
ended September 30, 2023. 

45 

Gross
Profit 

Overall
gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 1,739,974 and 1,226,149, respectively, an increase of 513,825
(42 ). Gross profit by operating segment was as follows: 

For the three months ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Gross Profit: 

Video Solutions 
 769,063 
 426,795 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 666,723 
 625,114 
 
 Entertainment 
 304,188 
 174,240 
 
 Total Gross Profit 
 1,739,974 
 1,226,149 

The
overall increase is attributable to the improvement in gross profit generated by the video solutions and entertainment segments for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023 along with a decrease in the overall cost of sales as a percentage of overall
revenues to 57 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 81 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our goal is to
continue to improve our margins over the longer term based on the expected margins generated by our new recent revenue cycle management
and entertainment operating segments together with our video solutions operating segment and its expected margins from our EVO-HD, DVM-800,
VuLink, FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, and our cloud evidence storage and management offering, provided that they gain traction in the marketplace.
In addition, if revenues from the video solutions segment increase, we will seek to further improve our margins from this segment through
expansion and increased efficiency utilizing fixed manufacturing overhead components. We plan to continue our initiative to more efficiently
management of our supply chain through outsourcing production, quantity purchases and more effective purchasing practices. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses were 9,122,273 and 6,374,192 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively, an increase of 2,748,081 (43 ). The increase was primarily attributable to the goodwill and intangible asset
impairment charge recorded during the 2024 period offset by a reduction in new sponsorships being entered into by the Company. Our
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales increased to 225 for the three months ended September 30,
2024 compared to 101 in the same period in 2023. The significant components of selling, general and administrative expenses are as
follows: 

For the three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Research and development expense 
 210,818 
 564,146 
 
 Selling, advertising and promotional expense 
 414,727 
 1,932,982 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 3,666,728 
 3,877,064 
 
 Goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge 
 4,830,000 

Total 
 9,122,273 
 6,374,192 

Research
and development expense. Our research and development expenses totalled 210,818 and 564,146 for the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively which represents a decrease of 353,328 (63 ). We have focused on controlling our expenditures on bringing
new products to market, including updates and improvements to current products in response to our decline in revenues. The decrease in
research and development expense reflects the large cut-back in our engineering staff and research activities in order to right-size
our expenses in this area with our revenues. 

46 

Selling,
advertising and promotional expenses. Selling, advertising and promotional expense totalled 414,727 and 1,932,982 for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 1,518,255 (79 ). The decrease in selling, advertising and promotional
expenses reflects the large cut-back in selling staff and promotional and advertising activities in order to right-size our expenses
in this area with our revenues. In addition, the decrease is attributable to the reduction in new sponsorships being entered into by
the Company and its subsidiary TicketSmarter. 

General
and administrative expense . General and administrative expenses totalled 3,666,728 and 3,877,064 for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in general and administrative expenses in the three months ended September 30,
2024 compared to the same period in 2023 is primarily attributable to a decrease in administrative salaries and reductions in headcount
in order to right-size our expenses in this area with our revenues. The decrease in general and administrative expenses was offset by
a substantial increase legal and professional expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023
due to the failed merger with CloverLeaf and various capital raises we have undertaken. 

Goodwill and intangible
asset impairment charge. We performed an interim impairment test as of the last day of the fiscal
third quarter of 2024 as management determined that a triggering event had occurred resulting from the additional decline in
demand for our services, prolonged economic uncertainty, the fact that the split-off transaction did not occur when and as expected and
a further decrease in our stock price. Therefore, we performed an interim impairment test as of the September 30,
2024 for our reporting units with remaining goodwill. 

As a result of our September
30, 2024 interim impairment test, we concluded that the carrying amount of the revenue cycle management and entertainment
reporting units exceeded their estimated fair value. Thus, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 4,322,000,
representing a portion of the goodwill balance for the revenue cycle management segment, which was included in goodwill and
intangible asset impairment charge on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024. In addition, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 307,000, representing
a portion of the goodwill balance for the entertainment segment, which was included in goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge
on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The goodwill impairment was
primarily driven by recent performance of the entertainment reporting unit since our annual impairment testing date,
as well as a delay in the projected timing of recovery. 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024, we concluded that the carrying amount of a trade name/trademark related to the entertainment segment exceeded
its estimated fair value and we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 201,000, which was included in goodwill and
intangible asset impairment charge on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended
September 30, 2024. The charge was primarily driven by the split-off transaction not being completed when and as expected and our
recent revenue performance of the related business given a decline in demand and overall economic uncertainty. The remaining
balance for this trade name/trademark was 699,000 as of September 30, 2024. 

Operating
Loss 

For
the reasons stated above, our operating loss was 7,382,299 and 5,148,043 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively,
an increase of 2,234,256 (43 ). Operating loss as a percentage of revenues improved to 182 in the three months ended September 30,
2024 from 81 in the same period in 2023. 

Interest
Income 

Interest
income increased slightly to 13,775 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 12,986 in the same period of 2024. 

Interest
Expense 

We
incurred interest expenses of 771,846 and 959,898 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The
decrease is attributable to the pay-off of the building loan from proceeds of sale of the building and by a reduction and pay-off of the contingent earn-out notes
associated with the four Nobility Healthcare acquisitions in 2024. 

Other
income (loss) 

Other
income (loss) decreased to 8,920 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 25,394 during the three months ended September
30, 2023, which reflects a reduction in rental income related to a warehouse lease within the corporate headquarters that was terminated
when the building was sold. 

Change
in Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities 

During
the second quarter of 2023, the Company issued detachable warrants to purchase a total of 1,125,000 shares of Common Stock in association
with the two secured convertible notes previously described. The Company issued an additional 1,195,219 warrants in June 2024. The underlying
warrant agreement terms provide for net cash settlement outside the control of the Company in the event of tender offers under certain
circumstances. As such, the Company is required to treat these warrants as derivative liabilities which are valued at their estimated
fair value at their issuance date and at each reporting date with any subsequent changes reported in the condensed consolidated statement
of operations as the change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities. The change in fair value of the warrant derivative liabilities
from July 1, 2024, to September 30, 2024, totalled 2,530,675 which was recognized as income in the third quarter of 2024. 

47 

Gain
on Extinguishment of Liabilities 

During
the third quarter of 2024, the Company negotiated a termination of its lease on its former headquarters. As a result, the Company recorded
a gain of 9,385 on the termination during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 

On March 1, 2024, the Company obtained a short-term merchant advance, which totalled 1,000,000, from a single lender
to fund operations. The Company modified/amended the underlying loan agreement twice during the three months ended September 30, 2024.
The modifications were both deemed to be extinguishments of debt resulting in a 310,505 total loss during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2024. 

Gain
on Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold its building for 5,900,000 less closing costs of 7,194. The carrying amount
of the building on the date of sale was 5,461,623. As a result of the sale the Company recorded a gain of 431,183 in the Consolidated
Statement of Operation during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Loss
before Income Tax Benefit 

As
a result of the above results of operations, we reported a loss before income tax benefit of 5,470,712, and 3,679,043 for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 1,791,669 (49 ). 

Income
Tax Benefit 

We
did not record an income tax expense related to our income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to our overall net operating
loss carryforwards available. We have further determined to continue providing a full valuation reserve on our net deferred tax assets
as of September 30, 2023. We had approximately 113.3 million of net operating loss carryforwards and 1.8 million of research and development
tax credit carryforwards as of September 30, 2024 available to offset future net taxable income. 

Net
Loss 

As
a result of the above results of operations, we reported a net loss of 5,470,712, and 3,679,043 for the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 1,791,669 (49 ). 

Net
Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests of Consolidated Subsidiary 

The
Company owns a 51 equity interest in its consolidated, Nobility Healthcare. As a result, the noncontrolling shareholders or minority
interest is allocated 49 of the income of Nobility Healthcare which is reflected in the statement of income as net income attributable
to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary . We reported net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated
subsidiary of 2,000,206 and (29,630) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

48 

Net
Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders 

As
a result of the above, we reported a net loss attributable to common stockholders of 3,470,506 and 3,708,673 for the three months September
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an improvement of 238,167 (6 ). 

Basic
and Diluted Loss per Share 

The
basic and diluted loss per share was 0.91 and 1.32 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Basic loss
per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. For the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, all shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debt and the exercise of outstanding stock options and warrants
were antidilutive, and, therefore, not included in the computation of diluted loss per share. 

For
the Nine months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Results
of Operations 

Summarized
immediately below and discussed in more detail in the subsequent subsections is an analysis of our operating results for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, represented as a percentage of total revenues for each such quarter: 

For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 100 
 100 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 77 
 75 

Gross profit 
 23 
 25 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses: 

Research and development expense 
 8 
 9 
 
 Selling, advertising and promotional expense 
 13 
 26 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 68 
 62 
 
 Goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge 
 32 

Total selling, general and administrative expenses 
 121 
 97 

Operating loss 
 (98 
 (73 
 
 Loss on accrual for legal settlement 
 
 (8 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration promissory notes 
 
 1 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 14 
 8 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of liabilities 
 5 
 2 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 (2 

Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 
 3 

Other income and interest income (expense), net 
 (18 
 (11 
 
 Income (loss) before income tax benefit 
 (95 
 (81 
 
 Income tax (provision) 

Net income/(loss) 
 (95 
 (81 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary 
 13 
 (1 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 
 (82 
 (82 

Net income/(loss) per share information: 

Basic 
 (3.90 
 (6.55 
 
 Diluted 
 (3.90 
 (6.55 

49 

Product
revenues by operating segment is as follows: 

For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Product Revenues: 

Video Solutions 
 1,648,373 
 3,318,815 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 
 2,929,019 
 4,307,891 
 
 Total Product Revenues 
 4,577,392 
 7,626,706 

Product
revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 4,577,392 and 7,626,706 respectively, a decrease of 3,049,314
(40 ), due to the following factors: 

Revenues
 generated by the entertainment operating segment began with the Company s September 2021 acquisition of TicketSmarter. The
 new entertainment operating segment generated 2,929,019 in product revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared
 to 4,307,891 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This product revenue relates to the first Country Stampede music festival
 held by Kustom during 2024, as well as the resale of tickets purchased for live events, sporting events, concerts, and theatre, then
 sold through various platforms to customers. The decrease in revenues is attributable to a reduction in scope of primary ticket sales
 by Ticketsmarter as it focuses on higher margin events to improve its gross margins. 

The
 Company s video segment operating segment generated revenues totalling 1,648,373 during the nine months ended September 30,
 2024 compared to 3,318,81 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. In general, our video solutions operating segment has experienced
 pressure on its product revenues as our in-car and body-worn systems are facing increased competition because our competitors have
 released new products with advanced features. Additionally, our law enforcement revenues declined compared to the same period in
 2023 due to the Company not having inventory in stock to fulfill existing backlog orders, price-cutting and competitive actions
 by our competitors and adverse marketplace effects related to our recent financial condition. 

50 

Our
 video solutions operating segment management has continued to focus on migrating commercial customers, from a hardware sale to a
 service fee model. Therefore, we expect a reduction in commercial hardware sales (principally DVM-250 s, FLT-250 s, and
 a portion of our body-worn camera line) as we convert these customers to a service model under which we provide the hardware as part
 of a recurring monthly service fee. In that respect, we introduced a monthly subscription agreement plan for our body worn cameras
 and related equipment during the second quarter of 2020 that allowed law enforcement agencies to pay a monthly service fee to obtain
 body worn cameras without incurring a significant upfront capital outlay. This program has gained some traction, resulting in decreased
 product revenues and increasing our service revenues. We expect this program to continue to hold traction, resulting in recurring
 revenues over a span of three to five years. 

Service
and other revenues by operating segment is as follows: 

For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Service and Other Revenues: 

Video Solutions 
 2,851,952 
 2,277,485 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 4,600,745 
 5,142,904 
 
 Entertainment 
 3,167,208 
 7,267,424 
 
 Total Service and Other Revenues 
 10,619,905 
 14,687,813 

Service
and other revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 10,619,905 and 14,687,813, respectively, a decrease of
 4,067,908 (28 ), due to the following factors: 

Cloud
 revenues generated by the video solutions operating segment were 1,964,038 and 1,421,174 for the nine months ended September 30,
 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 542,864 (38 ). We have experienced increased interest in our cloud solutions for law
 enforcement primarily due to the deployment of our cloud-based EVO-HD in-car system and our next generation body-worn camera products,
 which contributed to our increased cloud revenues in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. We expect this trend to continue throughout
 2024 as the migration from local storage to cloud storage continues in our customer base. 

Video
 solutions operating segment revenues from extended warranty services were 605,723 and 659,130 for the nine months ended September
 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 53,407 (8 ). This correlates with the decrease in product revenue during the period. 

Our
 entertainment operating segment generated service revenues totalling 3,167,208 and 7,267,424 for the nine months ended September
 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 4,100,216 (56 ). TicketSmarter collects fees on transactions administered through
 the TicketSmarter.com platform for the buying and selling of tickets for live events throughout the country. We expect our entertainment
 operating segment to continue to fluctuate as we look right-size this segment and work towards profitability. Our entertainment segment
 has focused on cost cutting and overall improvements in gross margin rather than top line revenues which has resulted in a reduction
 in revenues for ticketing events that did not meet its gross margin goals. 

51 

Our
 revenue cycle management operating segment generated service revenues totalling 4,600,745 and 5,142,904 for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 542,159 (11 ). Our revenue cycle management operating segment has completed
 four acquisitions since formation in June of 2021, thus resulting in the new service revenue stream added in the nine months ended
 September 30, 2024 and 2023. Our revenue cycle management operating segment provides revenue cycle management solutions and back-office
 services to healthcare organizations throughout the country. The slight decrease in revenue is due to refinement within one of the
 recent acquisitions, as they strive to maximize profitability rather than focus on top line revenue. 

Total
revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 15,197,297 and 22,314,519, respectively, a decrease of 7,117,222
(32 ), due to the reasons noted above. 

Cost
of Product Revenue 

Overall cost of product revenue sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 was 5,534,209 and 7,108,366, respectively,
a decrease of 1,574,157 (22 ). Overall cost of goods sold for products as a percentage of product revenues for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, and 2023 were 121 and 93 , respectively. Cost of products sold by operating segment is as follows: 

For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cost of Product Revenues: 

Video Solutions 
 1,913,356 
 3,658,490 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 

Entertainment 
 3,620,853 
 3,449,876 
 
 Total Cost of Product Revenues 
 5,534,209 
 7,108,366 

The
decrease in cost of goods sold for our video solutions segment products is directly correlated with the decrease in product sales for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. In addition, the video solutions segment
recorded valuation allowances for its older product lines and a portion of its Shield products during the first nine months of 2023,
directly increasing cost of goods sold for the period. Cost of product sold as a percentage of product revenues for the video solutions
segment remained steady at 116 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 110 for the nine months ended September
30, 2023. 

The
increase in entertainment operating segment cost of product sold was driven by the costs of the Country Stampede music festival for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023, resulting in cost of product revenue of 3,620,853 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 3,449,876 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cost of product sold as a percentage
of product revenues for the entertainment segment was 124 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 80 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2023. 

52 

Cost
of Service Revenue 

Overall cost of service revenue sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 was 6,159,284 and 9,698,175, respectively,
a decrease of 3,538,891 (36 ). Overall cost of goods sold for services as a percentage of service revenues for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, and 2023 were 58 and 66 , respectively. Cost of service revenues by operating segment is as follows: 

For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cost of Service Revenues: 

Video Solutions 
 964,412 
 1,024,798 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 2,868,885 
 2,939,682 
 
 Entertainment 
 2,325,987 
 5,733,695 
 
 Total Cost of Service Revenues 
 6,159,284 
 9,698,175 

The
decrease in cost of service revenues for our video solutions segment is commensurate with the increase in service revenues in the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cost of service revenues as a percentage of service
revenues for the video solutions segment decreased to 34 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 45 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2023. The improved cost of service revenues as a percentage of service revenues reflects the results of cost
cutting efforts and head-count reductions implemented in 2024 to improve our operating results. 

The
revenue cycle management operating segment cost of service revenue was consistent with the prior period. Cost of service revenues as
a percentage of service revenues for the revenue cycle management operating segment was 62 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024
as compared to 57 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

The
decrease in entertainment operating segment cost of service revenues is commensurate with the decrease in service revenues in the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cost of service revenues as a percentage of service
revenues for the entertainment operating segment was 73 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 79 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2023. 

Gross
Profit 

Overall
gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 3,503,804 and 5,507,978, respectively, a decrease of 2,004,174
(36 ). Gross profit by operating segment was as follows: 

For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Gross Profit: 

Video Solutions 
 1,622,557 
 1,658,584 
 
 Revenue Cycle Management 
 1,731,860 
 2,203,222 
 
 Entertainment 
 149,387 
 1,646,172 
 
 Total Gross Profit 
 3,503,804 
 5,507,978 

The
overall decrease is attributable to the overall decrease in revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and an increase in
the overall cost of sales as a percentage of overall revenues to 77 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 75 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2023. Our goal is to improve our margins over the longer term based on the expected margins generated by our
new recent revenue cycle management and entertainment operating segments together with our video solutions operating segment and its
expected margins from our EVO-HD, DVM-800, VuLink, FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, ShieldTM disinfectants and our cloud evidence storage and
management offering, provided that they gain traction in the marketplace. In addition, if revenues from the video solutions segment increase,
we will seek to further improve our margins from this segment through expansion and increased efficiency utilizing fixed manufacturing
overhead components. We plan to continue our initiative to more efficient management of our supply chain through outsourcing production,
quantity purchases and more effective purchasing practices. 

53 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses were 18,439,296 and 21,769,532 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 3,330,236
(15 ). The decrease was primarily attributable to the reduction in new sponsorships being entered into by the Company offset by the goodwill
and intangible asset impairment charge. Our selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales increased to 121 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 98 in the same period in 2023. The significant components of selling, general and
administrative expenses are as follows: 

For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Research and development expense 
 1,244,060 
 2,039,361 
 
 Selling, advertising and promotional expense 
 1,902,489 
 5,885,097 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 10,462,747 
 13,845,074 
 
 Goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge 
 4,830,000 

Total 
 18,439,296 
 21,769,532 

Research
and development expense. Our research and development expenses totalled 1,244,060 and 2,039,361 for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively which represents a decrease of 795,301 (39 ). We have focused on controlling our expenditures on bringing
new products to market, including updates and improvements to current products in response to our decline in revenues. The decrease in
research and development expense reflects the large cut-back in our engineering staff and research activities in order to right-size
our expenses in this area with our revenues. 

Selling,
advertising and promotional expenses. Selling, advertising and promotional expense totalled 1,902,489 and 5,885,097 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 3,982,608 (68 ). The decrease in selling, advertising and
promotional expenses reflects the large cut-back in selling staff and promotional and advertising activities in order to right-size our
expenses in this area with our revenues. In addition, the decrease is attributable to the reduction in new sponsorships being entered
into by the Company and its subsidiary TicketSmarter. 

General
and administrative expense . General and administrative expenses totalled 10,462,747 and 13,845,074 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in general and administrative expenses in the three months ended September 30,
2024 compared to the same period in 2023 is primarily attributable to a decrease in administrative salaries and reductions in headcount
in order to right-size our expenses in this area with our revenues. The decrease in general and administrative expenses was offset by
a substantial increase legal and professional expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023
due to the failed merger with CloverLeaf and various capital raises we have undertaken. 

Goodwill and intangible
asset impairment charge. We performed an interim impairment test as of the last day of the fiscal
third quarter of 2024 as management determined that a triggering event had occurred resulting from the additional decline in
demand for our services, prolonged economic uncertainty, the fact that the split-off transaction did not occur when and as expected and
a further decrease in our stock price. Therefore, we performed an interim impairment test as of the September 30,
2024 for our reporting units with remaining goodwill. 

As a result of our September
30, 2024 interim impairment test, we concluded that the carrying amount of the revenue cycle management and entertainment
reporting units exceeded their estimated fair value. Thus, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 4,322,000,
representing a portion of the goodwill balance for the revenue cycle management segment, which was included in goodwill and
intangible asset impairment charge on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024. In addition, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 307,000, representing
a portion of the goodwill balance for the entertainment segment, which was included in goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge
on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The goodwill impairment was
primarily driven by recent performance of the entertainment reporting unit since our annual impairment testing date,
as well as a delay in the projected timing of recovery. 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2024, we concluded that the carrying amount of a trade name/trademark related to the
entertainment segment exceeded its estimated fair value and we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 201,000,
which was included in goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge on our Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The charge was primarily driven by
the split-off transaction not being completed when and as expected and our recent revenue performance of the related
business given a decline in demand and overall economic uncertainty. The remaining balance for this trade name/trademark was
 699,000 as of September 30, 2024. 

54 

Operating
Loss 

For the reasons stated above,
our operating loss was 14,935,492 and 16,261,554 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an improvement
of 1,326,062 (8 ). Operating loss as a percentage of revenues changed to 98 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 73 in
the same period in 2023. 

Interest
Income 

Interest
income decreased to 63,064 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 84,071 in the same period of 2023, which reflects our
change in cash and cash equivalent levels during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The Company
held higher levels of cash and cash equivalents during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Interest
Expense 

We
incurred interest expense of 2,505,536 and 2,480,947 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The
increase is attributable additional debt issued in late 2023 and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 partially offset by
the conversion of the convertible notes entered into in the second quarter of 2023, the payoff of the building debt upon sale of the
building and the pay-off of the contingent earn-out notes associated with the four Nobility Healthcare acquisitions. 

Other
income (expense) 

Other
income (expense) decreased to 66,966 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 76,180 during the nine months ended September
30, 2023, which reflects income related to a warehouse lease within the corporate headquarters which ceased in 2024 upon the sale of
the building. 

Change
in Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities 

During
the second quarter of 2023, the Company issued detachable warrants to purchase a total of 1,125,000 shares of Common Stock in association
with the two secured convertible notes previously described. The Company issued an additional 1,195,219 warrants in June 2024. The underlying
warrant agreement terms provide for net cash settlement outside the control of the Company in the event of tender offers under certain
circumstances. As such, the Company is required to treat these warrants as derivative liabilities which are valued at their estimated
fair value at their issuance date and at each reporting date with any subsequent changes reported in the condensed consolidated statement
of operations as the change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities. The change in fair value of the warrant derivative liabilities
from December 31, 2023, to September 30, 2024, totalled 2,178,965 which was recognized as income during the nine months ended September
30, 2024. 

Gain
on Extinguishment of Liabilities 

The
Company recorded a gain on the extinguishment of liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 682,345, which
reflects income related to the video segment s ability to negotiate down payables and contract liabilities during the period.
In addition, the Company negotiated a termination of its lease on its former headquarters which resulted in a gain of 9,385 on the
termination during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

55 

The
gain on extinguishment of liabilities was 507,304 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which reflects income related to the
entertainment segment s ability to negotiate down payables and contract liabilities during the period. The Company utilized funds
from the related party note payable to resolve numerous outstanding payables at a discounted rate, the discount received was recognized
as a gain on extinguishment of liabilities in the statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 

On March 1, 2024, the Company obtained a short-term merchant advance for its entertainment segment, which totalled
 1,000,000, from a single lender to fund operations. The Company modified/amended the underlying loan agreement twice during the nine
months ended September 30, 2024. The modifications were both deemed to be extinguishments of debt resulting in a 310,505 total loss during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company refinanced its merchant advance loan for its video segment
and determined the refinancing of the debt should be treated as a debt extinguishment. As a result, the Company recorded a loss of 68,827
on the extinguishment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Gain
on Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold its building for 5,900,000 less closing costs of 7,194. The carrying amount
of the building on the date of sale was 5,461,623. As a result of the sale the Company recorded a gain of 431,183 in the Consolidated
Statement of Operation during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This amount was offset by a separate loss on sale of fixed assets
of 41,661 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Loss
on accrual for legal settlement 

The
Company recognized a loss on accrual for legal settlement of -0- and 1,792,308 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. This is in connection with the ongoing lawsuit with Culp McCauley, Inc. 

Loss
on conversion of convertible debt 

The
Company recognized a loss on conversion of convertible debt of -0- and 93,386 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. This is in connection with the convertible note issued during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and the conversion
from debt to equity during the period. 

Change
in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration Promissory Notes 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2023, The Company recognized a gain on the change in fair value of contingent consideration promissory
notes of 177,909. This is in connection with the four acquisitions made by our revenue cycle management segment. There was no similar
transaction during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Loss
before Income Tax Benefit 

As a result of the above results
of operations, we reported a loss before income tax benefit of 14,424,531 and 17,979,171 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, respectively, an improvement of 3,554,640 (20 ). 

Income
Tax Benefit 

We
did not record an income tax expense related to our income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to our overall net operating
loss carryforwards available. We have further determined to continue providing a full valuation reserve on our net deferred tax assets
as of September 30, 2024. We had approximately 113.3 million of net operating loss carryforwards and 1.8 million of research and development
tax credit carryforwards as of September 30, 2024 available to offset future net taxable income. 

56 

Net
Loss 

As a result of the above results
of operations, we reported a net loss of 14,424,531 and 17,979,171 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively,
an improvement of 3,554,640 (20 ). 

Net
Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests of Consolidated Subsidiary 

The Company owns a 51 equity
interest in its consolidated subsidiary, Nobility Healthcare. As a result, the noncontrolling shareholders or minority interest is allocated
49 of the income of Nobility Healthcare which is reflected in the statement of income as net income attributable to noncontrolling
interests of consolidated subsidiary . We reported net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary
of 1,939,143 and 228,624 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Net
Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders 

As a result of the above, we reported
a net loss attributable to common stockholders of 12,485,388 and 18,207,795 for the nine months September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively,
an improvement of 5,722,407 (31 ). 

Basic
and Diluted Loss per Share 

The
basic and diluted loss per share was 3.90 and 6.55 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Basic loss
per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. For the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, all shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debt and the exercise of outstanding stock options and warrants
were antidilutive, and, therefore, not included in the computation of diluted loss per share. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Overall: 

Management s
Liquidity Plan. We have experienced net losses and cash outflows from operating activities since inception. Based upon our current
operating forecast, we anticipate that we will need to restore positive operating cash flows and/or raise additional capital in the short-term
to fund operations, meet our customary payment obligations and otherwise execute our business plan over the next 12 months. We are continuously
in discussions to raise additional capital, which may include a variety of equity and debt instruments; however, there can be no assurance
that our capital raising initiatives will be successful. Our recurring losses and level of cash used in operations, along with uncertainties
concerning our ability to raise additional capital, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

57 

Cash,
cash equivalents: As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents with an aggregate balance of 415,131, a decrease from
a balance of 778,149 (including restricted cash) at December 31, 2023. Summarized immediately below and discussed in more detail in the subsequent subsections are
the main elements of the 363,018 net decrease in cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

Operating
 activities : 
 4,086,023
 of net cash used in operating activities. Net cash used in operating activities was 4,086,023 and 5,842,158 for the nine months
 ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 1,756,136. The decrease is attributable to the improved net loss and
 the usage of cash for operating assets and liabilities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period
 in 2023. 

Investing
 activities : 
 392,523
of net cash provided by investing activities. Cash provided by (used in) investing activities was 392,523 and (197,241) for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made expenditures or received
cash for the following: (i) sold our corporate headquarters building for 5,900,000 and received net cash of 425,653 after paying off
the building loan and various other deductions (ii) the acquisition of Country Stampede; and (iii) received proceeds from the sale of
our aircraft. 

Financing
 activities : 
 3,330,482
net cash provided by financing activities. Cash provided by financing activities was 3,330,482 and 4,715,031 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the first nine months of 2024, we most notably refinanced a loan resulting in
proceeds of 1,144,000, obtained an additional merchant advance providing proceeds of 1,308,837, obtained 1,175,000 in new commercial
extension of credits and issued common stock with detachable warrants resulting in 2,194,745 in net cash proceeds. The cash proceeds
were partially offset by payments on outstanding loans including the payments on merchant advances. 

Commitments: 

We
had 415,131 of cash and cash equivalents and net negative working capital of 13,181,861 as of September 30, 2024. Accounts receivable
and other receivables balances represented 5,253,535 of our net working capital at September 30, 2024. We intend to collect our outstanding
receivables on a timely basis and reduce the overall level during 2024, which would help to provide positive cash flow to support our
operations during 2024. Inventory represents 2,325,118 of our net working capital at September 30, 2024. We are actively managing the
level of inventory and our goal is to reduce such level during the balance of 2024 by our sales activities, the increase of which should
provide additional cash flow to help support our operations during 2024. 

Capital
Expenditures: 

We
had the following material commitments for capital expenditures at September 30, 2024: 

Lease
commitments. Total lease expense under the five operating leases was approximately 160,751 and 360,934, during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

58 

The
following sets forth the operating lease right of use assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2024: 

Assets: 

Operating lease right of use assets 
 515,538 

Liabilities: 

Operating lease obligations-current portion 
 82,974 
 
 Operating lease obligations-less current portion 
 432,563 
 
 Total operating lease obligations 
 515,537 

The
components of lease expense were as follows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 360,934 

Following
are the minimum lease payments for each year and in total: 

Year ending December 31: 

2024 (October 1, to December 31, 2024) 
 29,974 
 
 2025 
 121,983 
 
 2026 
 122,822 
 
 2027 
 115,766 
 
 Thereafter 
 230,949 
 
 Total undiscounted minimum future lease payments 
 621,494 
 
 Imputed interest 
 (105,957 
 
 Total operating lease liability 
 515,537 

Debt
obligations Outstanding debt obligations comprises the following: 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Economic injury disaster loan (EIDL) 
 145,328 
 147,781 
 
 Contingent consideration promissory note Nobility Healthcare Division Acquisition 
 
 129,651 
 
 Contingent consideration promissory note Nobility Healthcare Division Acquisition 
 
 58,819 
 
 Revolving Loan Agreement 
 
 4,880,000 
 
 Commercial Extension of Credit- Entertainment Segment 
 295,000 
 87,928 
 
 Merchant Advances Video Solutions Segment 
 2,091,500 
 1,350,000 
 
 Merchant Advances Entertainment Segment 
 1,364,986 

Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 (315,955 
 (540,429 
 
 Debt obligations 
 3,580,859 
 6,113,750 
 
 Less: current maturities of debt obligations 
 3,438,910 
 1,260,513 
 
 Debt obligations, long-term 
 141,949 
 4,853,237 

59 

Debt
obligations mature on an annual basis as follows as of September 30, 2024: 

September 30, 2024 
 
 2024 (October 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024) 
 3,436,363 
 
 2025 
 3,412 
 
 2026 
 3,542 
 
 2027 
 3,677 
 
 2028 and thereafter 
 133,865 

Total 
 3,580,859 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

Our
significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 1, Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , 
to our consolidated financial statements. While the selection and application of any accounting policy may involve some level of subjective
judgments and estimates, we believe the following accounting policies and estimates are the most critical to our financial statements,
potentially involve the most subjective judgments in their selection and application, and are the most susceptible to uncertainties and
changing conditions: 

Revenue
 Recognition / Allowance for Doubtful Accounts; 

Allowance
 for Excess and Obsolete Inventory; 

Goodwill
 and other intangible assets; 

Warranty
 Reserves; 

Fair
 value of warrant derivative liabilities; 

Stock-based
 Compensation Expense; and 

Accounting
for Income Taxes. 

Revenue
Recognition / Allowances for Doubtful Accounts. Revenue is recognized for the shipment of products or delivery of service when
all five of the following conditions are met: 

(i) 
 Identify
 the contract with the customer; 

(ii) 
 Identify
 the performance obligations in the contract; 

(iii) 
 Determine
 the transaction price; 

(iv) 
 Allocate
 the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

(v) 
 Recognize
 revenue when a performance obligation is satisfied. 

We
consider the terms and conditions of the contract and our customary business practices in identifying our contracts under ASC 606. We
determine we have a contract when the customer order is approved, we can identify each party s rights regarding the services to
be transferred, we can identify the payment terms for the services, we have determined the customer has the ability and intent to pay
and the contract has commercial substance. At contract inception we evaluate whether the contract includes more than one performance
obligation. We apply judgment in determining the customer s ability and intent to pay, which is based on a variety of factors,
including the customer s historical payment experience or, in the case of a new customer, credit and financial information pertaining
to the customer. 

Performance
obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the services and the products that will be transferred to the customer that
are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources
that are readily available from third parties or from us, and are distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the
services and the products is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. Our performance obligations consist of (i)
products, (ii) professional services, and (iii) extended warranties. 

60 

The
transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring services to
the customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our judgment it is probable that a significant future
reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. None of our contracts contain a significant financing component. 

If
the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation.
Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation
based on the relative standalone selling price SSP ). 

Revenue
for our video solutions segment is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the control
of the promised service to a customer. Revenue is recognized when control of the service is transferred to the customer, in an amount
that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for our services. We generate all our revenue from contracts with
customers. 

Revenue
for our revenue cycle management segment is recorded on a net basis, as its primary source of revenue is its end-to-end service fees.
These service fees are reported as revenue monthly upon completion of our performance obligation to provide the agreed upon services. 

Revenue
for our entertainment segment is recorded on a gross or net basis based on management s assessment of whether we are acting as
a principal or agent in the transaction. The determination is based upon the evaluation of control over the event ticket, including the
right to sell the ticket, prior to its transfer to the ticket buyer. 

We
sell our tickets held in inventory, which consists of one performance obligation, being to transfer control of an event ticket to the
buyer upon confirmation of the order. We act as the principal in these transactions as we own the ticket at the time of sale, therefore
we control the ticket prior to transferring to the customer. In these transactions, revenue is recorded on a gross basis based on the
value of the ticket and is recognized when an order is confirmed. Payment is typically due upon delivery of the ticket. 

We
also act as an intermediary between buyers and sellers through the online secondary marketplace. Revenues derived from this marketplace
primarily consist of service fees from entertainment operations, and consists of one primary performance obligation, which is facilitating
the transaction between the buyer and seller, being satisfied at the time the order has been confirmed. As we do not control the ticket
prior to the transfer, we act as an agent in these transactions. Revenue is recognized on a net basis, net of the amount due to the seller
when an order is confirmed, the seller is then obligated to deliver the tickets to the buyer per the seller s listing. Payment
is due at the time of sale. 

We
review all significant, unusual, or nonstandard shipments of product or delivery of services as a routine part of our accounting and
financial reporting process to determine compliance with these requirements. Extended warranties are offered on selected products, and
when a customer purchases an extended warranty, the associated proceeds are treated as contract liability and recognized over the term
of the extended warranty. 

For
our video solutions segment, our principal customers are state, local, and federal law enforcement agencies, which historically have
been low risks for uncollectible accounts. However, we have commercial customers and international distributors that present a greater
risk for uncollectible accounts than such law enforcement customers and we consider a specific reserve for bad debts based on their individual
circumstances. Our historical bad debts have been negligible since we commenced deliveries during 2006. 

For
our entertainment segment, our customers are mainly online visitors that pay at the time of the transaction, and we collect the service
fees charged with the transaction. Thus, leading to minimal risk for uncollectible accounts, to which we then consider a specific reserve
for bad debts based on their individual circumstances. As we continue to learn more about the collectability related to this recent acquisition,
we will track historical bad debts and continue to assess appropriate reserves. 

For
our revenue cycle management segment, our customers are mainly medium to large healthcare organizations that are charged monthly upon
the execution of our services. Being these customers are healthcare organizations with minimal risk for uncollectible accounts, we consider
a specific reserve for bad debts based on their individual circumstances. As we continue to learn more about the collectability related
to this recently added segment, we will track historical bad debts and continue to assess appropriate reserves. 

Allowance
for Excess and Obsolete Inventory. We record valuation reserves on our inventory for estimated excess or obsolete inventory items.
The amount of the reserve is equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and the estimated market value based upon assumptions
about future demand and market conditions. On a quarterly basis, management performs an analysis of the underlying inventory to identify
reserves needed for excess and obsolescence. Management uses its best judgment to estimate appropriate reserves based on this analysis.
In addition, we adjust the carrying value of inventory if the current market value of that inventory is below its cost. 

61 

Inventories
consisted of the following at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Raw material and component parts video solutions segment 
 2,638,063 
 3,044,653 
 
 Work-in-process video solutions segment 
 11,565 
 20,396 
 
 Finished goods video solutions segment 
 3,533,839 
 4,623,489 
 
 Finished goods entertainment segment 
 364,641 
 699,204 
 
 Subtotal 
 6,548,108 
 8,387,742 
 
 Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory video solutions segment 
 (4,144,749 
 (4,355,666 
 
 Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory entertainment segment 
 (78,241 
 (186,795 
 
 Total inventories 
 2,325,118 
 3,845,281 

We
balance the need to maintain strategic inventory levels to ensure competitive delivery performance to our customers against the risk
of inventory obsolescence due to changing technology and customer requirements. As reflected above, our inventory reserves represented
65 of the gross inventory balance at September 30, 2024, compared to 54 of the gross inventory balance at December 31, 2023. We had
 4,222,990 and 4,542,461 in reserves for obsolete and excess inventories at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.
The decrease in the inventory reserve is primarily due to the reduction in finished goods and movement of excess inventory. Additionally,
the Company determined a reasonable reserve for inventory held at the ticket operating segment, in which some inventory items sell below
cost or go unsold, thus having to be fully written-off following the event date. We believe the reserves are appropriate given our inventory
levels as of September 30, 2024. 

If
actual future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management or significant engineering changes to
our products that are not anticipated and appropriately managed, additional inventory write-downs may be required in excess of the inventory
reserves already established. 

Goodwill
and other intangible assets. When we acquire a business, we determine the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
on the date of acquisition, which may include a significant amount of intangible assets such as customer relationships, software and
content, as well as goodwill. When determining the fair values of the acquired intangible assets, we consider, among other factors, analyses
of historical financial performance and an estimate of the future performance of the acquired business. The fair values of the acquired
intangible assets are primarily calculated using an income approach that relies on discounted cash flows. This method starts with a forecast
of the expected future net cash flows for the asset and then adjusts the forecast to present value by applying a discount rate that reflects
the risk factors associated with the cash flow streams. We consider this approach to be the most appropriate valuation technique because
the inherent value of an acquired intangible asset is its ability to generate future income. In a typical acquisition, we engage a third-party
valuation expert to assist us with the fair value analyses for acquired intangible assets. 

Determining
the fair values of acquired intangible assets requires us to exercise significant judgment. We select reasonable estimates and assumptions
based on evaluating a number of factors, including, but not limited to, marketplace participants, consumer awareness and brand history.
Additionally, there are significant judgments inherent in discounted cash flows such as estimating the amount and timing of projected
future cash flows, the selection of discount rates, hypothetical royalty rates and contributory asset capital charges. Specifically,
the selected discount rates are intended to reflect the risk inherent in the projected future cash flows generated by the underlying
acquired intangible assets. 

62 

Determining
an acquired intangible asset s useful life also requires significant judgment and is based on evaluating a number of factors, including,
but not limited to, the expected use of the asset, historical client retention rates, consumer awareness and trade name history, as well
as any contractual provisions that could limit or extend an asset s useful life. 

The
Company s goodwill is evaluated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 350, which requires goodwill to be assessed for impairment at
least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. In
addition, an impairment evaluation of our amortizable intangible assets may also be performed if events or circumstances indicate potential
impairment. Among the factors that could trigger an impairment review are current operating results that do not align with our annual
plan or historical performance; changes in our strategic plans or the use of our assets; restructuring changes or other changes in our
business segments; competitive pressures and changes in the general economy or in the markets in which we operate; and a significant
decline in our stock price and our market capitalization relative to our net book value. 

When
performing our annual assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, we initially perform a qualitative analysis evaluating whether any
events or circumstances occurred or exist that provide evidence that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting
units is less than the related carrying amount. If we do not believe that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our
reporting units is less than the related carrying amount, then no quantitative impairment test is performed. However, if the results
of our qualitative assessment indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its respective
carrying amount, then we perform a two-step quantitative impairment test. 

Evaluating
the recoverability of goodwill requires judgments and assumptions regarding future trends and events. As a result, both the precision
and reliability of our estimates are subject to uncertainty. Among the factors that we consider in our qualitative assessment are general
economic conditions and the competitive environment; actual and projected reporting unit financial performance; forward-looking business
measurements; and external market assessments. To determine the fair values of our reporting units for a quantitative analysis, we typically
utilize detailed financial projections, which include significant variables, such as projected rates of revenue growth, profitability
and cash flows, as well as assumptions regarding discount rates, the Company s weighted average cost of capital and other data. 

We performed an interim impairment test as of the last
day of the fiscal third quarter of 2024 as management determined that a triggering event had occurred resulting from
the additional decline in demand for our services, prolonged economic uncertainty, the fact that the split-off transaction did not occur
when and as expected and a further decrease in our stock price. Therefore, we performed an interim impairment test as of the
September 30, 2024 for our reporting units with remaining goodwill. 

The fair value of each reporting
unit was estimated using a weighting of the income and market valuation approaches. The income approach applied a fair value methodology
to each reporting unit based on discounted cash flows. This analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash
flows, which is dependent on internally-developed forecasts of revenue and profitability, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for
our business, estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital,
which is risk-adjusted to reflect the specific risk profile of the reporting unit being tested. The weighted average cost of capital used
in our most recent impairment test ranged from 21 to 32.5 . We also applied a market approach, which develops a value correlation based
on the market capitalization of similar publicly traded companies, referred to as a multiple, to apply to the operating results of the
reporting units. The primary market multiples used are revenue and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. The
income and market approaches were equally weighted in our most recent annual impairment test, for all of the reporting units. 

The combined fair values for all
reporting units were then reconciled to our aggregate market value of our shares of common stock on the date of valuation, while considering
a reasonable control premium. We consider a reporting unit s fair value to be substantially in excess of the reporting unit s
carrying value at a 20 premium or greater. Based on our most recent impairment test, the video solutions reporting unit s fair
value was substantially in excess of its carrying value, while the revenue cycle management and entertainment segments were determined
to be impaired. 

We held goodwill of 5,480,966
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, related to businesses within our revenue cycle management segment. We held goodwill of
 6,112,507 and 5,886,548 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to businesses within our entertainment
segment. As a result of our September 30, 2024 interim impairment test, we concluded that the carrying amount of the revenue cycle management
and the entertainment reporting units exceeded its estimated fair values. Thus, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 4,322,000,
related to the goodwill carrying balance for the revenue cycle management segment, and a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 307,000,
related to the goodwill carrying balance for the entertainment segment, both of which was included in goodwill and intangible asset impairment
charge on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The goodwill impairment
was primarily driven by recent performance of the revenue cycle management and entertainment reporting units since our annual impairment
testing date, as well as a delay in the projected timing of recovery. The remaining balance for the goodwill carrying balance related
to businesses within our revenue cycle management segment and entertainment segment was 1,158,966 and 5,805,507, respectively as of
September 30, 2024. 

We held indefinite-lived trade
names/trademarks of 900,000 and 600,000 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to businesses within our
entertainment segment. 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024, we concluded that the carrying amount of a trade name/trademark related to the entertainment segment exceeded its
estimated fair value and we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 201,000, which was included in goodwill and intangible asset impairment
charge on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The charge was primarily
driven by the split-off transaction not being completed when and as expected and our recent revenue and operating performance of the related
business given a decline in demand and overall economic uncertainty. The remaining balance for this trade name/trademark was 699,000
as of September 30, 2024. 

Warranty
Reserves. We generally provide up to a two-year parts and labor standard warranty on our products to our customers. Provisions
for estimated expenses related to product warranties are made at the time products are sold. These estimates are established using historical
information on the nature, frequency, and average cost of claims. We actively study trends of claims and take action to improve product
quality and minimize claims. Our warranty reserves were decreased to 11,615 as of September 30, 2024 compared to 17,699 as of December
31, 2023 due to newer products gaining a long history of claims to consider, which was slightly offset as we begin to slow our warranty
exposures through the roll-off of DVM-750 and DVM-800 units from warranty coverage. Standard warranty exposure on the DVM-800 and DVM-250plus
are the responsibility of the contract manufacturers which reduced our overall warranty exposure as these are very popular products in
our line. There is a risk that we will have higher warranty claim frequency rates and average cost of claims than our history has indicated
on our legacy mirror products on our new products for which we have limited experience. Actual experience could differ from the amounts
estimated requiring adjustments to these liabilities in future periods. 

Warrant
derivative liabilities. On April 5, 2023, the Company issued warrants to purchase a total of 1,125,000 shares of Common Stock.
The warrant terms provide for net cash settlement outside the control of the Company under certain circumstances in the event of tender
offers. As such, the Company is required to treat these warrants as derivative liabilities which are valued at their estimated fair value
at their issuance date and at each reporting date with any subsequent changes reported in the consolidated statements of operations as
the change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities. Furthermore, the Company revalues the fair value of warrant derivative liability
as of the date the warrant is exercised with the resulting warrant derivative liability transitioned to equity. 

63 

The
Company has utilized the following assumptions in its Black-Scholes option valuation model to calculate the estimated fair value of the
warrant derivative liability as of their date of issuance and as of September 30, 2024: 

Issuance date 
 assumptions 
 September 30, 2024 assumptions 
 
 Volatility - range 
 106.0 
 106.6 
 
 Risk-free rate 
 3.36 
 3.58 
 
 Dividend 
 0 
 0 
 
 Remaining contractual term 
 5.0 years 
 3.5 years 
 
 Exercise price 
 5.50 7.50 
 5.50 7.50 
 
 Common stock issuable under the warrants 
 1,125,000 
 1,125,000 

On
June 25, 2024, the Company issued warrants to purchase a total of 1,195,219 shares of Common Stock. The warrant terms provide for net
cash settlement outside the control of the Company under certain circumstances. As such, the Company is required to treat these warrants
as derivative liabilities which are valued at their estimated fair value at their issuance date and at each reporting date with any subsequent
changes reported in the consolidated statements of operations as the change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities. Furthermore,
the Company re-values the fair value of warrant derivative liability as of the date the warrant is exercised with the resulting warrant
derivative liability transitioned to change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities through the consolidated statement of operations. 

The
Company has utilized the following assumptions in its Black-Scholes option valuation model to calculate the estimated fair value of the
warrant derivative liabilities as of their date of issuance and as of September 30, 2024: 

Issuance date 
 assumptions 
 September 30, 2024 assumptions 
 
 Volatility range 
 72.1 - 101.1 
 106.6 
 
 Risk-free rate 
 4.25 5.46 
 3.58 
 
 Dividend 
 0 
 0 
 
 Remaining contractual term 
 0.1 - 5.0 years 
 4.7 years 
 
 Exercise price 
 2.51 
 2.51 
 
 Common stock issuable under the warrants 
 1,768,227 
 1,195,219 

Stock-based
Compensation Expense . We grant stock options to our employees and directors and such benefits provided are share-based payment
awards which require us to make significant estimates related to determining the value of our share-based compensation. Our expected
stock-price volatility assumption is based on historical volatilities of the underlying stock that are obtained from public data sources
and there were no stock options granted during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

64 

If
factors change and we develop different assumptions in future periods, the compensation expense that we record in the future may differ
significantly from what we have recorded in the current period. There is a high degree of subjectivity involved when using option pricing
models to estimate share-based compensation. Changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect our estimates of fair
values of our share-based compensation. Certain share-based payment awards, such as employee stock options, may expire worthless or otherwise
result in zero intrinsic value compared to the fair values originally estimated on the grant date and reported in our financial statements.
Alternatively, values may be realized from these instruments that are significantly in excess of the fair values originally estimated
on the grant date and reported in our financial statements. Although the fair value of employee share-based awards is determined using
an established option pricing model, that value may not be indicative of the fair value observed in a willing buyer/willing seller market
transaction. In addition, we account for forfeitures as they occur. 

Accounting
for Income Taxes. Accounting for income taxes requires significant estimates and judgments on the part of management. Such estimates
and judgments include, but are not limited to, the effective tax rate anticipated to apply to tax differences that are expected to reverse
in the future, the sufficiency of taxable income in future periods to realize the benefits of net deferred tax assets and net operating
losses currently recorded and the likelihood that tax positions taken in tax returns will be sustained on audit. 

As
required by authoritative guidance, we record deferred tax assets or liabilities based on differences between financial reporting and
tax bases of assets and liabilities using currently enacted rates that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse.
Authoritative guidance also requires that deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that
all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. As of September 30, 2023, we have fully reserved all of our deferred
tax assets. Based on a review of our deferred tax assets and recent operating performance, we determined that our valuation allowance
should be increased by 17,220,000 to a balance of 34,200,000 to fully reserve our deferred tax assets at December 31, 2023. We determined
that it was appropriate to continue to provide a full valuation reserve on our net deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2024, because
of the overall net operating loss carryforwards available. We expect to continue to maintain a full valuation allowance until we determine
that we can sustain a level of profitability that demonstrates our ability to realize these assets. To the extent we determine that the
realization of some or all of these benefits is more likely than not based upon expected future taxable income, a portion or all of the
valuation allowance will be reversed. Such a reversal would be recorded as an income tax benefit and, for some portion related to deductions
for stock option exercises, an increase in shareholders equity. 

As
required by authoritative guidance, we have performed a comprehensive review of our portfolio of uncertain tax positions in accordance
with recognition standards established by the FASB, an uncertain tax position represents our expected treatment of a tax position taken
in a filed tax return or planned to be taken in a future tax return, that has not been reflected in measuring income tax expense for
financial reporting purposes. We have no recorded liability as of September 30, 2024 representing uncertain tax positions. 

We
have generated substantial deferred income tax assets related to our operations primarily from the charge to compensation expense taken
for stock options, certain tax credit carryforwards and net operating loss carryforwards. For us to realize the income tax benefit of
these assets, we must generate sufficient taxable income in future periods when such deductions are allowed for income tax purposes.
In some cases where deferred taxes were the result of compensation expense recognized on stock options, our ability to realize the income
tax benefit of these assets is also dependent on our share price increasing to a point where these options have intrinsic value at least
equal to the grant date fair value and are exercised. In assessing whether a valuation allowance is needed in connection with our deferred
income tax assets, we have evaluated our ability to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods to utilize the benefit of the
deferred income tax assets. We continue to evaluate our ability to use recorded deferred income tax asset balances. If we fail to generate
taxable income for financial reporting in future years, no additional tax benefit would be recognized for those losses, since we will
not have accumulated enough positive evidence to support our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards in the future. Therefore,
we may be required to increase our valuation allowance in future periods should our assumptions regarding the generation of future taxable
income not be realized. 

Inflation
and Seasonality 

Inflation
has not materially affected us during the past fiscal year. We do not believe that our Video Solutions and Revenue Cycle Management segments
business is seasonal in nature, however; the Entertainment Segment is expected to generate higher revenues during the second half of
the calendar year than in the first half. 

65 

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures, as such terms are defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. The Company,
under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of such disclosure controls and procedures for this Report. Based upon that
evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of September 30, 2024 to provide reasonable assurance that material information required to be disclosed by the
Company in this Report was recorded, processed, summarized and communicated to the Company s management as appropriate and within
the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 

As
part of our plan to remediate our controls which were not effective, we are performing a full review of our internal control procedures.
We have implemented, and plan to continue to implement, new controls and new processes. We have hired and plan to continue to hire additional
qualified personnel and establish more robust processes to support our internal control over financial reporting, including clearly defined
roles and responsibilities. The Company anticipates time being required to complete the implementation and to assess and ensure the sustainability
of these controls. The effectiveness will not be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period
of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during the Company s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 

66 

PART
II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings. 

The
information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved as set forth in Note 9 Contingencies of the Notes to
the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q) is incorporated by reference into
this Item 1. 

In
addition to such legal proceedings, we are faced with or involved in various other claims and legal proceedings arising in the normal
course of our businesses. At this time, we do not believe any material losses under such other claims and proceedings to be probable.
While the ultimate outcome of such claims or legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, it is in the opinion of management,
after consultation with legal counsel, that the final outcome in such proceedings, in the aggregate, would not have a material adverse
effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

There
were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that were not disclosed by the Company
on a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item
3. Defaults upon Senior Securities. 

There
were no defaults upon senior securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that were not disclosed by the Company on a Current
Report on Form 8-K. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
5. Other Information. 

Not
applicable. 

67 

Item
6. Exhibits. 

(a)
Exhibits. 

4.1 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Merger Agreement, issued by Digital Ally, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on September 4, 2024) 

10.1 
 Letter
Agreement by and between Digital Ally, Inc. and Mosh Man, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K with the SEC on July 18, 2024 

10.2 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated August 2, 20924 between Digital Ally, Inc, and Serenity Now, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on August 6, 2024. 

10.3 
 Amendment to the Promissory Note between TicketSmarter and certain Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on August 23, 2024) 

10.4 
 Second Letter Agreement between Digital Ally, Inc. and certain Mosh Man, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on September 13, 2024). 

10.5 
 Amended Note between Digital Ally, Inc. and certain Mosh Man, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on September 27, 2024). 

31.1 
 Certificate of Stanton E. Ross pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 Certificate of Thomas J. Heckman pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 Certificate of Stanton E. Ross pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.2 
 Certificate of Thomas J. Heckman pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit) 

In
accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not filed. 

68 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 December 30, 2024 

DIGITAL
 ALLY, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Stanton E. Ross 

Name: 
 Stanton
 E. Ross 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/
 Thomas J. Heckman 

Name: 
 
 Thomas
 J. Heckman 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

69 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

CERTIFICATIONS 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
 Stanton E. Ross , Chief Executive Officer of Digital Ally, Inc., certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of Digital Ally, Inc. 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report. 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report. 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 30, 2024 

/s/
 Stanton E. Ross 

Stanton
 E. Ross 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

CERTIFICATIONS 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
 Thomas J. Heckman , Chief Financial Officer of Digital Ally, Inc., certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of Digital Ally, Inc. 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report. 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report. 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 30, 2024 

/s/
 Thomas J. Heckman 

THOMAS
 J. HECKMAN 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Digital Ally, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September
30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stanton E. Ross ,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Stanton E. Ross 

Stanton
 E. Ross 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

December
 30, 2024 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to Digital Ally, Inc. and will be retained by Digital Ally, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

DIGITAL
ALLY, INC. 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Digital Ally, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September
30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas J. Heckman ,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Thomas J. Heckman 

THOMAS
 J. HECKMAN 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

December
 30, 2024 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to Digital Ally, Inc. and will be retained by Digital Ally, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dgly-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dgly-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dgly-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dgly-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

