<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1761510_0001558370-24-015723.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12310137</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>144474</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1742147</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4305026</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2223001</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3564067</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-015723.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114162044
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-015723
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TILT Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001761510
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CIGARETTES [2111]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56422
		FILM NUMBER:		241462770

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 2200, 885 WEST GEORGIA STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3E8
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(647) 777-1713

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 2200, 885 WEST GEORGIA STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3E8

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-015723.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 tilt-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer identification no.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non- accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act . Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of October 31, 2024, there were common shares, without par value, of TILT Holdings Inc. outstanding, excluding limited partnership units of Jimmy Jang, L.P. exchangeable for 43,821,379 common shares. 

Table of Contents 
 TILT HOLDINGS INC. INDEX PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 5 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 5 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30 , 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three a nd nine months ended September 30 , 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of C hanges in Shareholders Equity for the three a nd nine months ended September 30 , 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 7 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the n ine months ended September 30 , 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 8 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 32 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 42 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 42 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 44 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 44 Item 1A. Risk Factors 44 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 45 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 45 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 45 Item 5. Other Information 45 Item 6. Exhibits 46 Signatures 47 

2 

Table of Contents 
 USE OF NAMES AND CURRENCY In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms we, us, our, Company, or TILT refer to TILT Holdings Inc. together with its wholly owned subsidiaries. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to , US , USD, or USD in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q refer to United States dollars, and all references to C , CAD, or CAD refer to Canadian dollars. CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking information and forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable Canadian and United States U.S. securities laws (collectively, forward-looking statements ). Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to expectations, projections, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, and the Company s objectives, goals, strategies, beliefs, intentions, plans, estimates, projections and outlook, including statements relating to the Company s plans and objectives, or estimates or predictions of actions of customers, suppliers, competitors or regulatory authorities. These statements are subject to certain risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements. The words believe, plan, intend, estimate, expect , likely, potential, proposed, scheduled, forecast, or anticipate, and similar expressions, as well as future or conditional verbs such as will, should, would, may, might, and could identify forward-looking statements. Management of the Company has based the forward-looking statements on its current views with respect to future events and financial performance and has made assumptions and applied certain factors regarding, among other things: future product pricing; costs of inputs; the Company s ability to successfully market its products to its anticipated clients; the Company s reliance on its key personnel; certain regulatory requirements; the application of federal and state environmental laws; the impact of increasing competition; the Company s ability to successfully execute its operating plan for the next 12 months; the Company s ability to obtain additional financing on favorable terms; the Company s ability to defer principal and interest payments on certain notes; the Company s ability to successfully negotiate a mutually agreeable waiver and forbearance agreement with certain noteholders; the receipt of applicable regulatory approvals; and the regulatory environments in which the Company operates. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. The Company s forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. The purpose of forward-looking statements is to provide the reader with a description of management s expectations, and such forward-looking statements may not be appropriate for any other purpose. By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to risks and uncertainties, and there are a variety of risk factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, and that may cause actual outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, the status of cannabis as a controlled substance under the U.S. Federal Controlled Substances Act; risks related to the enforcement activities by the U.S. Department of Justice; risks related to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern; reputational risk to third parties; risks associated with banking, financial transactions and anti-money laundering laws and regulations; risks related to federal and state forfeiture laws; the risk of heightened scrutiny by regulatory authorities; risks related to the potential negative impact of regulatory scrutiny on raising capital; risks related to regulatory or political change; risks due to industry immaturity or limited comparable, competitive or established industry best practices; risks related to the uncertainty surrounding existing protection from U.S. federal prosecution relating to cannabis laws; risks related to uncertainty with respect to geo-political disruptions; risks related to regulatory changes in relation to vaporization devices and subsequent impacts to interstate commerce, registrations and revenue reporting requirements, and potential excise tax applicability; risks relating to tax status; risks associated with the Company s business model; risks related to the Company s dependency on skilled labor, equipment, parts, components and key inputs; risks related to the reliance on third party suppliers; risks related to adverse economic conditions, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures and increasing interest rates; risks that the Company s actual financial position and results of operations may differ materially from the expectations of the Company s management; risks related to the costs and obligations relating to the Company s investment in infrastructure, growth, regulatory compliance and operations; risks related to the 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 Company s dependency on regulatory approvals and licenses to conduct its business; risks related to the potential for changes in laws, regulations and guidelines which could adversely affect the Company s future business; risks related to a failure on the part of the Company to comply with applicable regulations; risks related to the legal, regulatory and scientific status of cannabis; risks related to the Company s ability to find suitable candidates and capital necessary to complete strategic alliances or partnerships; risks related to the Company s ability to successfully identify and execute future acquisitions or dispositions; risks related to indebtedness and the Company s ability to extend, refinance or repay such indebtedness; risks related to the Company s ability to develop its products; risks related to the Company s ability to achieve successful cultivation; risks related to adverse environmental conditions, accidents and labor disputes; risks related to the Company s ability to turn a profit or generate immediate revenues; risks related to limitations on the permissible ownership of licenses; risks related to constraints on marketing the Company s products under varying state laws; risks related to the potential results of future clinical research; risks related to the Company s ability to effectively manage its growth and operations; risks related to the regulation of medical cannabis by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration; risks related to the differing local rules and regulations and the impact this may have on the Company s ability to expand into new markets; risks related to the protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights and allegations that the Company is in violation of intellectual property rights of third parties; risks relating to access to banking; risks relating to disclosure of personal information to government or regulatory entities; risks related to the potential requirement to disclose personal identifying information to government or regulatory entities; risk that the Company may be forced to litigate or defend its intellectual property rights, or to defend against claims by third parties against the Company relating to intellectual property rights; risks related to data privacy laws, rules and regulations; risks relating to fraudulent activity by employees, contractors and consultants; risks regarding the enforceability of contracts; risk of litigation generally; risks relating to increasing competition in the industry; risks relating to the Company s ability to secure adequate or reliable sources of funding; risks relating to product recalls; risks relating to reliance on technology systems that may be subject to cyber-attacks or security breaches; risks that the Company s officers and directors may be engaged in a range of business activities resulting in conflicts of interest; risks that the Company s officers, directors and other parties may exert significant influence on the Company; risks relating to the Company s inability to successfully implement adequate internal controls over financial reporting; risks relating to restrictions on entry to the U.S. for the Company s Canadian individuals; risks relating to the potential that bond requirements and insurance premiums may be economically prohibitive; risks relating to global economic and political instability and conflicts; the risk that the Company s web presence s visibility is not limited by geography; risks relating to volatility in the market price of the Company s securities; risks related to price volatility of publicly traded securities; risks related to dilution of the Company s securities; risks related to the Company s securities being currently quoted on the OTCQB; and other factors beyond our control, as more particularly described under the heading Risk Factors in the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 22, 2024 (the Form 10-K and on the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval Plus SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com. Readers are cautioned that the foregoing list is not exhaustive of all factors and assumptions which may have been used. Although we have attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such forward-looking information and statements will prove to be accurate as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such information and statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information and statements. The forward-looking information and statements contained herein are presented for the purposes of assisting readers in understanding our expected financial and operating performance and our plans and objectives and may not be appropriate for other purposes. The forward-looking information and statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q represent our views and expectations as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments may cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update such forward-looking information and statements at a future time, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements TILT HOLDINGS INC. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Amounts Expressed in Thousands of United States Dollars, Except for Share Amounts) 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) (audited) ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Trade receivables, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Right-of-use assets finance, net Right-of-use assets operating, net Investments Intangible assets, net Loans receivable Deferred tax asset Goodwill Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Income taxes payable Deferred revenue Finance lease liability, current portion Operating lease liability, current portion Notes payable, current portion Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Finance lease liability, net of current portion Operating lease liability, net of current portion Notes payable, net of discount, net of current portion Massachusetts lease liability Other liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Shareholders equity Common shares, without par value, unlimited shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Warrants Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 TILT HOLDINGS INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited) (Amounts Expressed in Thousands of United States Dollars, Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues, net Cost of goods sold ) ) ) ) Gross profit Operating expenses: Wages and benefits General and administrative Sales and marketing Share-based compensation expense (benefit) ) Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest income (expense) Other income Gain on sale of assets and membership interests Unrealized loss on investment ) ) ) Loan receivable losses ) ) Loss on foreign currency exchange ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Total other expense ) ) ) ) Loss from operations before income tax and non-controlling interest ) ) ) ) Income taxes: Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net loss before non-controlling interest ) ) ) ) Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest Net loss attributable to TILT Holdings Inc. ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Net loss before non-controlling interest ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation differences ) ) ) Comprehensive loss before non-controlling interest ) ) ) ) Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest Comprehensive loss attributable to TILT Holdings Inc. ) ) ) ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding: Basic and diluted Net loss per common share attributable to TILT Holdings Inc. Basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 TILT HOLDINGS INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Unaudited) (Amounts Expressed in Thousands of United States Dollars, Except Share Amounts 

Accumulated Other Shareholders' Common Shares Additional Comprehensive Accumulated Non-Controlling Equity Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Warrants Income (Loss) Deficit Interest Total Balance - December 31, 2023 ) Share-based compensation Issuance and vesting of restricted share units Comprehensive loss for the period ) ) ) Balance - March 31, 2024 ) Share-based compensation Issuance and vesting (forfeiture) of restricted share units Comprehensive loss for the period ) ) ) Balance - June 30, 2024 ) Share-based compensation Warrants expired ) Issuance and vesting (forfeiture) of restricted share units Comprehensive income (loss) for the period ) ) Balance - September 30, 2024 ) 

Accumulated Other Shareholders Common Shares Additional Comprehensive Accumulated Non-Controlling Equity Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Warrants Income (Loss) Deficit Interest Total Balance - December 31, 2022 ) Share-based compensation Warrants expired ) Issuance and vesting of restricted share units Shares reserved for contingent consideration Warrants issued as part of debt modification Comprehensive (loss) income for the period ) ) ) Balance - March 31, 2023 ) Share-based compensation Issuance and vesting (forfeiture) of restricted share units ) ) Shares reserved for contingent consideration ) ) Comprehensive loss for the period ) ) ) ) Balance - June 30, 2023 ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance and vesting of restricted share units CGSF/SFNY Divestiture Comprehensive loss for the period ) ) ) Balance - September 30, 2023 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 TILT HOLDINGS INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) (Amounts Expressed in Thousands of United States Dollars) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Unrealized loss on investments Gain on sale of assets and other ) ) Depreciation and amortization Amortization of operating lease right of use assets Payments on operating lease liability ) Change in allowance for doubtful accounts ) Deferred tax ) Share-based compensation expense (benefit) ) Accretion of debt discount Loan receivable losses Impairment loss and loss on disposal of assets Inventory adjustments Non-cash interest expense Net change in working capital items: Trade receivables, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Income tax payable ) Deferred revenue ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant, and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Repayment of loan receivable, net of advances ) Proceeds from CGSF/SFNY Divestiture Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments on financing lease liability ) ) Repayments on notes payable and Massachusetts Lease Liability ) Repayments on Revolving Facility ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Proceeds from Revolving Facility Proceeds from 2024 Standard Farms Loan Proceeds from notes payable and Massachusetts Lease Liability Proceeds from Employee Retention Credit Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of foreign exchange on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Increases to right-of-use assets related to Ohio facility Increases to operating lease liability related to Ohio facility Decrease in inventory related to the 2024 Standard Farms Loan Increase in other assets related to the 2024 Standard Farms Loan Increase in notes payable, discount related to the 2024 Standard Farms Loan 2023 Refinanced Notes interest paid-in-kind Increases to right-of-use assets related to Pennsylvania Transaction Increase to operating lease liability related to Pennsylvania Transaction Reclassification from accounts payable and accrued liabilities to notes payable related to 2023 New Notes (see Note 10) Warrants issued related to 2023 Notes (equity classified) Noteholder representative fee related to 2023 Refinanced Notes Non-cash debt issuance cost Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 8 

Table of Contents 
 TILT HOLDINGS INC. Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) states in the United States U.S. ), as well as Canada, Israel, Mexico, South America, and the European Union. TILT was incorporated under the laws of Nevada pursuant to NRS Chapter 78 on June 22, 2018. The Company was continued under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) pursuant to a Certificate of Continuance dated November 14, 2018. The Company is a reporting issuer in Canada in the Provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, and Ontario and its common shares are listed for trading on the Cboe Canada (formerly known as the NEO Exchange) under the symbol TILT. In addition, the common shares are quoted on the OTCQB in the U.S. under the symbol TLLTF. The Company s head office is in Phoenix, Arizona and its registered office is located at Suite 2400, 745 Thurlow Street, Vancouver, BC V6C 0C5 Canada. Liquidity and Going Concern The Company has experienced operating losses since its inception and may continue to incur losses in the development of its business. The Company incurred a comprehensive loss of during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and has an accumulated deficit of as of September 30, 2024. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, the Company had negative working capital of compared to negative working capital of as of December 31, 2023. The negative working capital is related to certain notes payable becoming due within the next 12 months, including the Company s asset-based revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility ), the employee retention credit note, and obligations under the 2023 Refinanced Notes and 2023 New Notes (each defined below). See Note 10 Notes Payable for additional information. On May 2, 2024, Standard Farms, LLC Standard Farms PA entered into a Secured Promissory Note with a third-party experienced retailer and operator (the Lender for borrowings up to (the 2024 Standard Farms Loan ). Proceeds from the 2024 Standard Farms Loan will be used to construct dispensaries obtained via a permit issued from the Department of Health, Bureau of Medical Marijuana, of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (the Commonwealth ). The Standard Farms PA permit will allow the construction and operation of up to three medical marijuana dispensaries in the Commonwealth (collectively, the Retail Locations ). Proceeds from the 2024 Standard Farms Loan will also be utilized for the initial setup and operation of the Retail Locations. The 2024 Standard Farms Loan will mature on December 31, 2027, and will initially bear interest at . The interest rate will automatically increase to upon Standard Farm PA s opening a Retail Location and completing a first commercial sale in the Commonwealth Location Opening Date ). On May 2, 2024, the Company drew in proceeds on the 2024 Standard Farms Loan, of which is allocated to a contingent interest derivative, and recognized a debt discount of . See Note 10 Notes Payable for additional information. On February 15, 2023 (the Effective Date ), the Company and its subsidiaries, Jimmy Jang, L.P. JJ LP ), Baker Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, Baker ), Commonwealth Alternative Care CAC ), and Jupiter Research LLC Jupiter (collectively, the Subsidiary Borrowers entered into a first amendment (the NPA Amendment to its existing junior secured note purchase agreement (the 2019 Junior Notes NPA with Jordan Geotas, as the noteholder representative (the Noteholder Representative on behalf of the noteholders under the 2019 Junior Notes NPA (the Note Holders and refinanced in aggregate principal amount of secured promissory notes issued originally under the 2019 Junior Notes NPA (the 2023 Refinanced Notes ). Pursuant to the NPA Amendment, the Subsidiary Borrowers also issued by way of private placement secured promissory notes (the 2023 New Notes in the aggregate principal amount of to the Note Holders with a maturity 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 9 

Table of Contents 
 Revolving Facility to increase the amount available under the Revolving Facility to and extend the maturity date to July 21, 2024. The Revolving Facility bears interest at the prime rate plus . On July 21, 2024, the maturity date of the Revolving Facility automatically extended to July 21, 2025. On October 3, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment with the lender through its subsidiary Jupiter to amend certain terms in the debt agreement. See Note 19 Subsequent Events for additional information. On May 15, 2023, the Company and its subsidiaries issued senior secured promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of (the 2023 Bridge Notes ). The 2023 Bridge Notes provided gross cash proceeds of with an original issue discount of and require monthly payments of which started July 1, 2023. The 2023 Bridge Notes bore interest at the greater of or the prime rate plus , payable monthly, with a maturity date of December 1, 2023. On September 1, 2023, due to a strategic shift to focus on the Company s core business, the Company divested its interests in its joint venture in SFNY pursuant to a membership interest purchase agreement MIPA by and among SFNY Holdings Inc. SFNY Holdings ), SFNY, each wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company, and CGSF Investments, LLC CGSF Investments ), a wholly owned subsidiary of PowerFund Holdings II LLC. Pursuant to the MIPA, CGSF Investments acquired of the membership interests in SFNY from SFNY Holdings for cash consideration (the CGSF/SFNY Divestiture ). SFNY held a interest in CGSF Group LLC CGSF Group ), which was formed to establish vertical cannabis operations on the Shinnecock Nation s aboriginal tribal territory in the Hamptons on Long Island, New York. As part of the CGSF/SFNY Divestiture, the Company derecognized its noncontrolling interest in CGSF of and a related party note payable of , which resulted in a gain of . This gain is included in gain (loss) on sale of assets and membership interests on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company s operating plans for the next 12 months include (i) increasing revenue growth from the sale of existing products and the introduction of new products across all operating segments; (ii) reducing production and operational costs as a result of efficiencies in cannabis operations; (iii) reducing supply chain costs; (iv) reducing and delaying overhead and other certain expenditures; (v) obtaining other financings or strategic transactions as necessary; and (vi) deferring principal and interest payments on the notes payable. The Company believes that successfully implementing these operating plans will help to mitigate any substantial doubt raised by our historical operating results and satisfy our estimated liquidity needs for the 12 months following the issuance of these condensed consolidated financial statements. However, during the second quarter of 2023, a primary supplier significantly changed the payment terms of the Company s trade payable. This was an unexpected event impacting short-term liquidity, therefore, the Company secured additional financing through the issuance of the 2023 Bridge Notes to satisfy the transition of the new payment terms and provide working capital for the business. The issuance of the 2023 Bridge Notes required the Company to obtain a waiver for financial covenant defaults expected to occur for the 2023 Refinanced Notes and 2023 New Notes. As a result of the waiver, the Company paid default interest rates on its 2023 Refinanced Notes and 2023 New Notes, which resulted in an increase from as of March 31, 2023 to beginning June 30, 2023. On October 2, 2023, the Company and the Subsidiary Borrowers entered into the Limited Waiver and Continued Forbearance Agreement (the October Forbearance Agreement with the Noteholder Representative on behalf of the Note Holders under the 2019 Junior Notes NPA. The October Forbearance Agreement reduced the interest rate on the 2023 Refinanced Notes to beginning September 30, 2023 . However, as of September 30, 2024, the Company continued to apply the default rate of to accrue interest on the 2023 Refinanced Notes due to continued noncompliance with financial covenants. The interest rate represents the prime rate of plus , the default interest rate, and the annual increase pursuant to the NPA 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 10 

Table of Contents 
 as of the first anniversary of the Effective Date. The 2023 New Notes remain at the default interest rate of . The interest payments will constrain the Company s liquidity while the default rates remain in effect. While, as of the date of this filing, the Company is not in compliance with certain payment obligations and covenants under the 2023 Refinanced Notes and the 2023 New Notes, the Note Holders have not provided the requisite notice of an event of default. The Company is currently negotiating a waiver and forbearance agreement with the Note Holders to address such non-compliance. The Company can provide no assurance that the parties will reach a mutually agreeable resolution. See Note 10 Notes Payable for additional information. The Company cannot predict with certainty the outcome of its actions to generate liquidity as discussed above, including the availability of additional financing as necessary, or whether such actions would generate the expected liquidity as currently planned. Therefore, management has concluded there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within 12 months after the date of this filing. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might become necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 11 

Table of Contents 
 and in restricted cash as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Included in restricted cash was a certificate of deposit related to Jupiter customs bonds totaling and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Furniture and fixtures Autos and trucks Buildings and land improvements Leasehold improvements Lesser of useful life of lease term Greenhouse - agricultural structure Land Not depreciated The assets residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation are reviewed annually and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of either the useful life or term of the lease. Gains or losses on disposal of an item are determined by comparing the proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of the item and recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 12 

Table of Contents 
 Restricted cash Investments Total fair value of assets Fair value of liabilities Contingent interest feature derivative ) Total fair value of liabilities ) 

As of December 31, 2023 Fair value hierarchy Fair value of assets Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Investments Total Contingent Interest Feature Derivative The fair value is based on Level 3 inputs, which include the projected escalating incremental interest expense from the 2024 Standard Farms Loan. See Note 10 Notes Payable for additional information. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 13 

Table of Contents 
 related to its investment in Akerna, which brought the carrying value of the investment to . During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a loss of related to its investment in Akerna. These losses are included in unrealized loss on investment on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The HERBL Inc. HERBL investment is recorded at cost and excluded from the schedule above. During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company noted declining conditions in its investment in HERBL and performed impairment testing. The Company concluded that the balance of its investment was not recoverable due to HERBL entering into receivership in June 2023 and recorded an impairment of on its investment in HERBL, bringing the balance of its investment to . These losses are included in unrealized loss on investment on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The balance was as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. See Note 6 Investments for additional information about the Akerna and HERBL investments. Financial Instruments The carrying amount of the Company s notes payable, which are recorded at amortized cost, approximates their fair value based upon market interest rates available to the Company for debt of similar risk and maturities, a Level 3 input. See Note 10 Notes Payable for additional information. Additionally, the carrying amount of the Company s loans receivable, net of expected credit losses, approximates their fair values. See Note 8 Loans Receivable for additional information. There were no transfers between the levels of fair value hierarchy during each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Raw Material - other materials Work in progress Finished goods Supplies and accessories Total Inventories During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded total inventory adjustments of and , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded total inventory adjustments of and , respectively. These amounts are included in cost of goods sold on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 14 

Table of Contents 
 Machinery equipment Furniture fixtures Buildings Greenhouse - agricultural structure Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Autos trucks Total cost Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized depreciation expense of and , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized depreciation expense of and , respectively. Depreciation expense is included in cost of goods sold and depreciation and amortization in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Massachusetts market continued to experience challenges marked by increased cultivation and supply, market saturation, and pricing pressure, prompting CAC to revise its financial forecast to align with the prevailing market conditions. The forecast results indicated continuing losses associated with the use of a long-lived asset group, which resulted in the Company performing a test of its assets related to CAC as of June 30, 2024. The result of this test indicated that the fair value of this asset group was less than the carrying value, which resulted in the Company recording an impairment charge of for the three months ended June 30, 2024. This loss was allocated to the long-lived major assets of the group on a pro rata basis using the relative carrying amounts of the assets. There was additional impairment recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. On February 15, 2023, the Company completed the sale and leaseback of its facility in White Haven, Pennsylvania (the White Haven Facility to the buyer (the Pennsylvania Transaction ). The Company received cash proceeds of and derecognized the property, plant and equipment with a net carrying value of , resulting in a gain on sale of assets of . See Note 12 Leases for additional information. Assets Held for Sale During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, it was determined that the assets held for sale had a fair market value less costs to sell of . As a result, the Company recorded an impairment loss of to bring these assets held for sale to fair market value less costs to sell. This loss is included in impairment loss and loss on disposal of assets in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, and the assets are still held for sale as of September 30, 2024. The Company is currently in the process of donating these assets, and expects to complete the donation before the end of its fiscal year on December 31, 2024. Total Investments 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 15 

Table of Contents 
 The Company recorded the investment in HERBL in accordance with a measurement alternative due to the lack of readily determinable fair values. The measurement alternative allows the Company to record the investments at cost, less impairment, if any, and subsequently adjust for observable price changes of identical or similar investments of the same issuer. The Company intended to hold its investment in HERBL until HERBL executed its next equity financing. The Company had an arrangement with HERBL that, upon such equity financing, if the fair value of HERBL s class B common shares was less than the initial cost, HERBL would issue additional shares to make up the difference. However, during June 2023, the Company determined that it was not probable that HERBL would issue additional shares to bring the Company s investment up to its initial cost as HERBL entered into receivership in June 2023. Therefore, the Company recorded a loss of on its investment in HERBL to adjust the balance to . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an unrealized loss of from its investment in Akerna. This loss is included in unrealized loss on investment in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Trademarks License rights (1) Patents technologies Backlog and non-competition agreements Total intangible assets, at cost Less: Accumulated amortization ) ) Total intangible assets, net 
 (1) License rights primarily consists of indefinite-lived intangible assets, which pertain to licenses for cultivation and processing.
 Amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. This amortization expense is included in depreciation and amortization in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company determined that its management agreement with CGSF Group, LLC CGSF was impaired. As a result, the Company recognized an impairment loss of to bring the carrying value of the management agreement intangible asset to . This loss is included in impairment loss and loss on disposal of assets in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During September 2023, the Company completed the CGSF/SFNY Divestiture. As part of this transaction, the Company derecognized the management agreement of and all related amortization totaling , and the balance longer exists. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 16 

Table of Contents 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Pharma EU, LLC Note A R Note SSZ and Elev8 Note Pure Hana Synergy Note Little Beach Harvest Note Total loans receivable Less allowance for expected credit losses ) ) Loans receivable Little Beach Harvest Note In September 2023, the Company completed the CGSF/SFNY Divestiture. As a result, the Company wrote off the principal of the Little Beach Harvest Note as well as related accrued interest totaling and the balance longer exists. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company determined that it may not be able to collect the full amount of its loan receivable from the Pharma EU, LLC Note, the A R Note, the SSZ and Elev8 Note, and the Pure Hana Synergy Note, all of which had been fully reserved for in the Company s allowance for expected credit losses. As a result, the Company wrote off the loan balances and related allowances, and the balances no longer exist. Impairment At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether loans receivables are credit impaired by applying the guidance in ASC 326. A financial asset is considered credit impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred. Credit impairment is based on observable data such as significant financial difficulty of the debtor and a breach of contract such as a default or being past due. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did t record additional allowance for expected credit losses related to its remaining loans receivable. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 17 

Table of Contents 
 ) Third party guarantee No collateral Net loans receivable ) 

As of December 31, 2023 Nature of collateral Gross amounts Loan losses Net Security interest in assets of counterparty ) Third party guarantee ) No collateral ) Net loans receivable ) Accrued payroll Other current payables/liabilities (1) Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 (1) Includes accrued host agreement due, accrued freight, loyalty liability, and sales tax payable.
 
 Loyalty Liability For some of its locations, the Company offers a loyalty reward program to its dispensary customers. The loyalty points are accrued when earned as a liability and reduction of revenues. The amount earned is deferred until the loyalty points are redeemed or expire. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the loyalty liability totaled and , respectively, which is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Supplier Guaranty On January 28, 2024, the Company and its subsidiaries JJ LP, Baker, CAC, Jimmy Jang Holdings, Inc. JJH ), JJ Blocker Co. JJB ), SFNY, Sea Hunter Therapeutics, LLC SEA ), Standard Farms OH, Standard Farms PA, SH Finance Company, LLC SF Finance ), and Jupiter (collectively with the Company, JJ LP, Baker, CAC, JJH, JJB, SFNY, SEA, Standard Farms OH, Standard Farms PA, SF Finance, the Guarantors and Shenzhen Smoore Technology Limited Smoore and each of its affiliates that sells products to Jupiter and the Company (the Buyers from time to time (collectively, the Secured Party entered into: (i) a Debt and Security Agreement in favor of the Secured Party (the Debt 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 18 

Table of Contents 
 as of September 29, 2024; , as of December 30, 2024; , as of March 29, 2025; , as of June 29, 2025; and , as of June 30, 2025 (the Reduction Plan ). The amounts owed accrue interest at rates ranging from to , dependent upon the date of the invoices, how long such invoices have remained outstanding, and other criteria. The amounts due under the Smoore Agreements are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. as of September 30, 2024, due on July 21, 2025 (1) 2023 Refinanced Notes Interest rate of per annum as of September 30, 2024, due on February 15, 2026 (2) 2023 New Notes Interest rate of per annum as of September 30, 2024, due on February 15, 2027 (2) 2024 Standard Farms Loan 2024 Standard Farms Loan, Derivative Features Employee Retention Credit note and other loans and borrowings Total debt Less: Debt discount and debt issuance costs ) ) Less: Current portion of notes payable ) ) Total debt, net of discount, net of current portion 
 (1) The Revolving Facility initially matured on July 21, 2024 and automatically renewed on July 21, 2024 for a term to an updated maturity date of July 21, 2025. The Revolving Facility will continue to renew for successive terms unless terminated by the Company or the lender.
 (2) The interest rates of and are the default interest rates in effect.
 
 Revolving Facility During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company drew proceeds of and made principal and interest payments of on its Revolving Facility. On October 3, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment with the lender through its subsidiary Jupiter to amend certain terms in the debt agreement, which included reducing the borrowing capacity of the Revolving Facility from to . See Note 19 Subsequent Events for additional information. 2023 Refinanced Notes The 2023 Refinanced Notes include the remaining in aggregate principal from the 2019 Junior Notes. The 2023 Refinanced Notes mature on February 15, 2026, and bear interest at the greater of or the prime rate plus payable monthly. The interest rate is subject to an increase by annually if the aggregate principal amount outstanding 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 19 

Table of Contents 
 on the first anniversary or greater than on the second anniversary of the Effective Date. On February 15, 2024, the base interest rate increased from to , as the aggregate principal amount was greater than on that date. As of September 30, 2024, the Company used a default rate of to accrue interest on the 2023 Refinanced Notes due to this noncompliance. The interest rate represents the prime rate of plus , the default interest rate, and the annual increase pursuant to the NPA Amendment, as the principal balance was more than as of the first anniversary of the Effective Date. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compounded interest of was added to the principal balance and principal payments were made. As part of the 2023 Refinanced Notes, the Company recognized a debt discount of . This amount included related to the fair value of warrants issued to each Note Holder (the Debt Modification Warrants ), and in fees owed to the Note Holders. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded an amortization adjustment of and amortization expense of , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded an amortization adjustment of and amortization expense of , respectively. These amortization amounts are included in interest expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The balance net of amortization was as of September 30, 2024. 2023 New Notes The 2023 New Notes issued included aggregate principal of due to the Note Holders, with a maturity date of February 15, 2027. The 2023 New Notes bear interest at the greater of or the prime rate plus payable quarterly. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compounded interest of was added to the principal balance and principal payments were made. The NPA Amendment includes affirmative and negative covenants (including financial maintenance covenants), events of default, representations and warranties that are customary for debt securities of this type. The 2023 New Notes and 2023 Refinanced Notes may be accelerated and all remedies may be exercised by the Note Holders in case of an event of default, which includes events that customarily constitute an event of default for debt securities of this type as well as upon a change of control. As of the date of this filing, the Company is not in compliance with certain payment obligations and covenants under the 2023 Refinanced Notes and the 2023 New Notes. However, the Note Holders have not provided the requisite notice of an event of default under these notes. The Company is currently negotiating a waiver and forbearance agreement with the Note Holders to address the non-compliance. The Company can provide no assurance that the parties will reach a mutually agreeable resolution. Employee Retention Credit Note During August 2023, the Company filed a claim with the Internal Revenue Service IRS for employee retention credits ERC totaling applicable to the first and second fiscal quarter of 2021. In order to accelerate access to the ERC funds, the Company signed an agreement with 1861 Acquisition LLC 1861 Acquisition ). 1861 Acquisition advanced cash of to the Company, which included for fees charged by 1861 Acquisition. These fees are included in interest expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company expected the IRS to approve or deny its claim within the next 12 months. The Company has not yet received approval or denial from the IRS. Upon approval and payment of the claim, the Company will settle the outstanding balance in cash to 1861 Acquisition. In the event the claim is denied in part or in total, the Company is required to pay the outstanding balance upon the denial. 2024 Standard Farms Loan On May 2, 2024, Standard Farms PA entered into a Secured Promissory Note with a third party experienced retailer and operator (the Lender (the 2024 Standard Farms Loan ). Under the terms of the 2024 Standard Farms Loan, Standard Farms PA can borrow up to from the Lender. Proceeds from the 2024 Standard Farms Loan will be used 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 20 

Table of Contents 
 . No principal or interest payments will be due under the 2024 Standard Farms Loan before the maturity date, and the 2024 Standard Farms Loan may not be prepaid in cash or kind without the Lender s prior written consent. On May 2, 2024, the Company drew on the 2024 Standard Farms Loan and recognized a debt discount of . Of this amount, was related to lender fees, and represents above market interest, which is the difference between the market interest rate and the stated interest rate. The cash receipt was allocated first to the fair value of a bifurcated embedded derivative at , with the remainder allocated to the note balance. The embedded derivative comprises a contingent interest feature. The contingent interest feature applies an escalating interest rate to the 2024 Standard Farms Loan outstanding balance upon Standard Farms PA opening a Retail Location and completing the first commercial sale in the Commonwealth Location Opening Date ). At that time, the interest rate will increase to , and then to six months after the Location Opening Date that applies through maturity. The Company can request the remaining in separate tranches based on achieving certain criteria set forth in the 2024 Standard Farms Loan agreement. Because the capital is to fund the construction and operation of the new dispensaries, the 2024 Standard Farms Loan is secured by a first priority security interest in the retail assets of Standard Farms PA (the Borrower Collateral ), and a second priority security interest in the equity interests of Standard Farms PA that are held by the Company s subsidiary Baker (the Baker Collateral ). Also on May 2, 2024, the Lender entered into a Consent, Collateral Release and Subordination Agreement (the Subordination Agreement with the Company s existing creditors to subordinate the Lender s interest in the Baker Collateral and release the existing creditors interest in the Borrower Collateral. The Lender s security interest is further described in in a Security Agreement, dated May 2, 2024, by and among Standard Farms PA, the Lender and Baker Technologies, Inc. (the Security Agreement and, collectively with the Note and the Subordination Agreement, the Dispensary Agreements ). The 2024 Standard Farms Loan and the Security Agreement include usual and customary loan provisions including: affirmative and negative covenants, events of default, representations and warranties. In the case of an event of default under the 2024 Standard Farms Loan, Standard Farms PA may become obligated to pay a multiplied balance of up to four times the then-outstanding obligations under the 2024 Standard Farms Loan, all obligations under the 2024 Standard Farms Loan may be accelerated and all remedies may be exercised by Lender. All obligations under the 2024 Standard Farms Loan are guaranteed by the Company, which guarantee shall terminate if and when a first priority security interest in the properly held retail assets of a wholly-owned subsidiary of Standard Farms PA is activated. In order to provide collateral free from prior liens, under the terms of the loan documents, Lender will have a first-priority security interest in the equity interests of any such wholly-owned subsidiary that may be held by Standard Farms PA. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 21 

Table of Contents 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total principal payments Add: Accrued interest Total and a maturity date of May 15, 2042, with exercisable at the Company s discretion (the Massachusetts Lease Liability ). Lease payments are due monthly and are subject to an annual escalation of after . The Company anticipates no disruption to CAC s operations as a result of these transactions. The transaction with IIP was accounted for as a failed sale and leaseback transaction, where the Company retained the Taunton Facility balances included in property, plant, and equipment, and recognized a note payable of . As of September 30, 2024, the Massachusetts Lease Liability had a balance of . 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total future payments Less: Interest ) Total present value of minimum payments Add: Estimated ending residual value Total 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 22 

Table of Contents 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of lease assets Interest on lease liabilities Finance lease costs Total lease cost Weighted average remaining lease term years years Finance leases Weighted average discount rate Weighted average remaining lease term years years On February 15, 2023, the Company completed the Pennsylvania Transaction for with net proceeds used towards repayment of debt and working capital. The lease is for an initial term of with options to extend. Rent under the lease will be payable monthly at a rate of per month. Rent increases on the second annual anniversary of the lease commencement date and then annually throughout the initial lease term. The Company determined that control of the White Haven Facility transferred to the buyer, resulting in a sale of the White Haven Facility. The Company received cash proceeds of and recognized a right-of-use ROU asset of and an operating lease liability of upon closing the transaction. The effective interest rate on the operating lease liability is . The Company recorded a gain on the sale leaseback of , which is included in gain on sale of assets on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As of September 30, 2024, the balance of the operating lease liability associated with this transaction was . 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total undiscounted lease liabilities Interest or discount on lease liabilities ) ) Total present value of minimum lease payments Lease liability - current portion ) ) Lease liability 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 23 

Table of Contents 
 common share at any time per request of the owner of the LP Units and are not saleable or transferable without the Company s authorization. During each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were LP Units of JJ LP converted to common shares. As of each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, LP Units of JJ LP were issued and outstanding. Warrants In connection with the NPA Amendment, the Company issued Debt Modification Warrants. Each Debt Modification Warrant is exercisable at any time prior to its expiration for common share of the Company at an exercise price of per common share. The Debt Modification Warrants expire on February 15, 2030 and contain customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions . Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate Expected life in years years Expected volatility February 15, 2030 CAD Expired ) CAD Balance as of September 30, 2024 CAD Share-based Compensation Under the Amended and Restated 2018 Stock and Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan ), the Company has reserved common shares to be issued as awards to employees, management, directors and consultants of the Company, as designated by the Company s board of directors (the Board or the compensation committee of the Board. Award is defined in the 2018 Plan to include options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stocks, restricted stock units, performance stock units, dividend equivalents and stock-based awards. As of September 30, 2024, common shares are available for issuance under the 2018 Plan. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 24 

Table of Contents 
 Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of September 30, 2024 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded of share-based compensation expense and of share-based compensation benefit, respectively, relating to RSUs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded of share-based compensation expense and of share-based compensation benefit, respectively, related to RSUs. For the three months ended March 31, 2023, the share-based compensation expense relating to RSUs included related to the performance awards for achievement of milestones relating to the projects of the Company s joint venture in CGSF. During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company determined achievement of the milestones related to CGSF projects was no longer probable. As a result, the Company reversed all share-based compensation expense recognized for the performance awards and recorded share-based compensation benefit of and for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023. share-based compensation benefit or expense was recognized related to this event during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Due to the CGSF/SFNY Divestiture, share-based compensation related to performance awards was recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. On June 12, 2023, the Company approved the grant of RSUs to the audit committee chair of the Board, and RSUs to new members of the Board. These RSUs were issued at a weighted average grant date fair value of , and share-based compensation expense of and was recognized related to these RSUs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Share-based compensation expense of and was recognized related to these RSUs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. During August 2023, the Board granted RSUs and issued shares to certain employees in connection with their employment with the Company. Of these RSUs, had vested as of September 1, 2023 and vested on December 1, 2023. The remaining RSUs are scheduled to vest on a quarterly basis through December 1, 2026. These RSUs were issued at a weighted-average grant date fair value of , and share-based compensation expense of and was recognized related to these RSUs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Share-based compensation expense of was recognized related to these RSUs during each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, there was of remaining RSU expense to be recognized over the weighted average remaining period of years. Share Options Granted Forfeited ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 25 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively, related to these options. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded share-based compensation expense of and , respectively, of share-based compensation related to these options. On September 29, 2024, the Company entered into an independent director compensation agreement that approved issuance of options to members of the Board, with each member granted share options. These options were issued at a weighted-average grant date fair value of , and share-based compensation expense of was recognized related to these options during the three months ended September 30, 2024. On September 30, 2024 options vested, with each Board member receiving options. The remaining options are scheduled to vest on December 31, 2024, March 31, 2025, and the business day immediately preceding the next annual general meeting of shareholders. As of September 30, 2024, there was of remaining expense to be recognized over the weighted average remaining period of years. - June 28, 2028 2020 employee grant - June 25, 2030 - December 1, 2030 Other employee grants - February 14, 2029 - September 29, 2034 Total Performance Stock Units PSUs Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of September 30, 2024 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded share-based compensation expense of and , respectively, relating to PSUs. During April 2023, the Company s former CEO, Gary F. Santo, Jr. forfeited various share awards, including PSUs. The forfeiture of PSUs resulted in share-based compensation benefit of and for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively. additional expense or benefit was recognized related to this forfeiture during the three months ended September 30, 2023 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. On September 26, 2023, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Tim Conder, the Company s CEO (the CEO Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Conder serves as the CEO of the Company. Under the terms of the CEO Agreement, Mr. Conder received an equity grant of PSUs under the 2018 Plan of which up to PSUs would vest upon the Board s approval of whether metrics set forth in the CEO Agreement had been achieved as of December 31, 2023. On April 19, 2024, the Board determined that two-thirds of the metrics set forth in the CEO Agreement 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 26 

Table of Contents 
 PSUs. On April 19, 2024, the Company also entered into a side letter with Mr. Conder pursuant to which Mr. Conder agreed that the PSUs would vest on June 30, 2024. These PSUs vested per the side letter on June 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, Mark Scatterday, the Company s former CEO and director, and major stockholder and lender, had an aggregate of PSUs outstanding, which will vest on May 31, 2025, contingent upon the achievement of certain subsequent sales of products by Jupiter. As of September 30, 2024, there was of remaining expense to be recognized over the weighted average remaining period of years. December 31, 2024 December 19, 2021 December 31, 2024 Total ) ) ) Weighted-average number of shares and units outstanding - basic and diluted Loss per share - basic and diluted Diluted loss per share for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is the same as basic loss per share as the issuance of shares on exercise of warrants and share options is anti-dilutive. ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Effective tax rate The Company is treated as a U.S. corporation under Section 7874 of the Internal Revenue Code IRC and is expected to be subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax. However, the Company is expected, regardless of any application of Section 7874 of the IRC, to be treated as a Canadian resident Company for Canadian income tax purposes. Due to the organizational structure and multinational operations, the Company is subject to taxation in U.S. federal, state and local and Canadian jurisdictions. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 27 

Table of Contents 
 . See Note 5 Property, Plant and Equipment and Assets Held for Sale for further details. The Company estimates that approximately of the gain from the sale will be offset by the net capital loss carryforward. Therefore, during 2023, the Company recognized a release of the valuation allowance related to the capital loss carryforward and the corresponding benefit of the release. During June 2023, the Company determined its investment in HERBL was not recoverable. As a result, the Company recorded a loss of to its HERBL investment, adjusting the balance to . This loss was treated as a capital loss, which will more likely than not be realized. See Note 6 Investments for additional information. , which is included in notes payable in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. The payable bears interest at as of September 30, 2024 and is due on February 15, 2026. The portion of the old note included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities was reclassified as part of the 2023 New Notes entered into on February 15, 2023 and is now included in notes payable with a balance of on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. This payable bears interest at as of September 30, 2024 and is due on February 15, 2027. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had paid and in interest to Mak One on the 2023 Refinanced Notes and the 2023 New Notes, respectively. The Company had another payable due to Mark Scatterday through Mak One related to the issuance of the 2019 Senior Notes. On February 15, 2023, the 2019 Senior Notes were repaid and retired, and this payable was settled. The Company also has a payable of as of September 30, 2024 owed to Adam Draizin, a current director of the Company, through Callisto Collaboration, LLC Callisto ), an affiliated entity. Of this amount, is related to the 2023 Refinanced Notes and is included in notes payable in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. This payable bears interest at as of September 30, 2024 and is due on February 15, 2026. The remaining is related to the 2023 New Notes and is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. This payable bears interest at as of September 30, 2024 and is due on February 15, 2027. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had paid and in interest to Callisto on the 2023 Refinanced Notes and the 2023 New Notes, respectively. See Note 10 Notes Payable for additional information regarding the 2023 Refinanced Notes and 2023 New Notes, including calculation of the interest rates for each note as of September 30, 2024. In connection with the 2023 Refinanced Notes, the Company issued Debt Modification Warrants to the Note Holders. Of this amount, Debt Modification Warrants were issued to Mark Scatterday through Mak One and Debt Modification Warrants were issued to Adam Draizin through Callisto. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 28 

Table of Contents 
 to Mak One and to Sheldrake. reportable segments: (i) cannabis segment (SVH), Standard Farms PA, Standard Farms Ohio, LLC Standard Farms OH ), Baker, and CAC, (ii) accessories (Jupiter), and (iii) corporate. The cannabis segment includes production, cultivation, extraction and sale of cannabis products and accessories including the manufacturing and distribution of electronic, non-nicotine (i.e., cannabis) devices and systems. The accessories segment includes distribution of vapor cartridges and accessory products. The corporate segment represents all corporate level and unallocated items and includes the Company s operating expenses and intercompany eliminations. On September 1, 2023, the Company completed the CGSF/SFNY Divestiture, which was included in other for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company dissolved its White Haven RE, LLC entity, which was the only entity under the other segment during the six months ended June 30, 2024 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Information related to each segment is set out below. Segment net loss is used to measure performance because management believes that this information is the most relevant in evaluating the results of the respective segments relative to other entities that operate in the same industries. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 29 

Table of Contents 
 Inter-segment revenue ) ) Net revenue Share-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Wages and benefits Impairment loss Interest expense Net loss ) ) ) ) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cannabis Accessories Corporate Other Total Revenue Inter-segment revenue ) ) Net revenue Share-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Wages and benefits Impairment loss Interest expense Loan losses Net loss ) ) ) ) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Cannabis Accessories Corporate Other Total Revenue Inter-segment revenue ) ) Net revenue Share-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Wages and benefits Impairment loss Interest expense Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cannabis Accessories Corporate Other Total Revenue Inter-segment revenue ) ) Net revenue Share-based compensation ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Wages and benefits Impairment loss Interest expense Loan losses Net (loss) income ) ) ) ) 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 30 

Table of Contents 
 Geographic Areas Gross profit (loss) ) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 US Canada Other Total Revenue - Gross profit - 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 US Canada Other Total Revenue Gross profit 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 US Canada Other Total Revenue Gross profit to . 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 31 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations You should read the following management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations MD A in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This MD A contains statements that are forward-looking. Please refer to the discussion of forward-looking statements and information set out under the heading Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements identified in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Actual results could differ materially because of the factors discussed below or elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. See Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K ). Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references herein to we, us, our, and the Company refers to TILT Holdings Inc., and its subsidiaries. All dollar amounts presented in this MD A are presented in thousands of U.S. dollars USD , , or US ), except per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated. Overview The Company was incorporated under the laws of Nevada pursuant to NRS Chapter 78 on June 22, 2018. The Company was continued under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) pursuant to a Certificate of Continuance dated November 14, 2018. The Company s head office is located in Phoenix, Arizona and its registered office is located in Vancouver, British Columbia. The Company operates through two business divisions: Inhalation Technology and Cannabis. The Inhalation Technology division encompasses the Jupiter Research LLC Jupiter business, through which the Company sells vape and accessory products and services to regulated markets across 40 states in the United States U.S. ), as well as Canada, Israel, Mexico, South America and the European Union. The cannabis division includes operations in Massachusetts at Commonwealth Alternative Care CAC ), in Pennsylvania at Standard Farms LLC Standard Farms PA and in Ohio at Standard Farms Ohio, LLC Standard Farms OH ). Through CAC, the Company operates a vertically integrated marijuana facility in Taunton, Massachusetts, dually licensed for both medical and adult-use cultivation, manufacturing and retail sales and a dispensary, also dually licensed for both medical and adult-use retail sales, in Brockton, Massachusetts. CAC also has another medical dispensary operating in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Through these operating facilities, the Company produces, packages, and sells a variety of cannabis flower, vape cartridge, concentrate, edible and topical products via wholesale and retail to Massachusetts customers. Through Standard Farms PA, the Company operates a fully licensed integrated cultivation and manufacturing facility specializing in high-quality medical cannabis products such as vape cartridges, flower, capsules, oil syringes and tinctures, all of which are sold via wholesale to Pennsylvania customers throughout the Commonwealth. Through Standard Farms OH s facility outside Cleveland, Ohio, the Company produces high-quality medical cannabis products from cannabis biomass including tinctures, vape cartridges, syringes, topicals, concentrates and edibles, which are then sold and distributed throughout Ohio via wholesale to other licensed cannabis businesses. Significant Developments in the Quarter The Company is not aware of any significant developments during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that require recognition or disclosure. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 32 

Table of Contents 
 Certain Trends and Uncertainties The Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations may be impacted by certain trends and uncertainties. See Liquidity and Capital Resources below and Liquidity and Capital Resources under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and on the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval Plus SEDAR+ for discussions of trends and uncertainties and risks that may affect the Company. Results of Operations The Company reports the results of operations of its affiliates and subsidiaries from the date that control commences, either through the purchase of the business or control through a management agreement. The following selected financial information includes only the results of operations after the Company established control of affiliates and subsidiaries. Accordingly, the information included below may not be representative of the results of operations of such affiliates or subsidiaries had their results of operations been included for the entire reporting period. Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenues, net 26,967 44,555 Cost of goods sold (23,172) (36,595) Gross profit 3,795 7,960 Operating loss (7,476) (4,724) Total other expense (6,578) (5,916) Loss from operations before income tax and non-controlling interest (14,054) (10,640) Net loss before non-controlling interest (12,649) (8,663) Net income attributable to non-controlling interest - - Net loss attributable to TILT Holdings Inc. (12,649) (8,663) Revenue Revenue represents the amount the Company expects to receive for goods and services in its contracts with customers, net of discounts and sales taxes. The Company s revenue is derived from the following: Sale of Goods Vaporization and Inhalation Devices: Revenue from the wholesale sales of accessories is recognized when the Company transfers control and satisfies its performance obligations on wholesale sales of accessories. Revenue is recognized from product sales at a point in time following the transfer of control of such products to the customer, which typically occurs upon shipment or delivery, depending on the terms of sale with the customer. Sale of Goods Cannabis: Revenue from the direct sale of goods to customers for a fixed price is recognized when the Company transfers control of the goods to the customer. The Company transfers control and satisfies its performance obligations on retail sales upon delivery and acceptance from the customer. For dispensary sales, this occurs at the point of sale at the dispensary. The Company satisfies its performance obligation on wholesale sales when goods are delivered to the customer. Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 26,967, down from 44,555 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting a year-over-year decrease of 17,588 or 39 . The decrease was mainly attributable to 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 33 

Table of Contents 
 Jupiter which saw revenue decrease 15,973 or 48 year-over-year, mainly driven by lower sales volume related to delays in shipping from a primary supplier and the temporary transition of certain customers to a commission structure. Additionally, the cannabis division decreased revenue by 1,615 or 14 year-over-year, primarily driven by a decrease in sales volume. Cost of Goods Sold, Gross Profit and Gross Margin Percentage Cost of goods sold represents costs directly related to manufacturing and distribution of the Company s products. Primary costs include raw materials, packaging, direct labor, overhead, shipping and handling, the depreciation of certain property, plant and equipment, and tariffs. Manufacturing overhead and related expenses include salaries, wages, employee benefits, utilities, maintenance, and property taxes. Cost of goods sold also includes inventory valuation adjustments. Cost of goods sold for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 23,172, down from 36,595 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 reflecting a year-over-year decrease of 13,423 or 37 , mainly attributable to the sales volume decline described above and a decrease in expenses related to inventory valuation adjustments for excess and obsolete products in the cannabis division. Gross profit reflects revenue less production costs primarily consisting of labor, materials, rent and facilities, supplies, overhead, and amortization on production equipment, shipping, packaging and other expenses required to grow and manufacture cannabis products. Gross margin represents gross profit as a percentage of revenue. The Company s gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 3,795, down from 7,960 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which reflects a year-over-year decrease of 4,165 or 52 . Gross margin was 14 and 18 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in gross profit was mainly driven by the decreased sales volume whereas the decrease in gross margin was primarily driven by increased logistics costs related to the delays in shipping from a primary supplier described above and a shift in product mix. Total Operating Expenses Total operating expenses primarily consists of costs incurred at the Company s corporate offices, share-based compensation, personnel costs including wages and employee benefits, professional service costs including accounting and legal expenses, rental costs associated with certain of the Company s offices and facilities, insurance expenses, costs associated with advertising and marketing the Company s products and other general and administrative expenses which support the Company s business. The following is a summary of the Company s operating expenses derived from the condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Wages and benefits 4,453 4,707 General and administrative 2,691 3,721 Sales and marketing 140 175 Share-based compensation expense (benefit) 131 190 Depreciation and amortization 3,856 3,891 Total operating expenses 11,271 12,684 Total operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 11,271, a decrease of 1,413 or 11 year-over-year from 12,684. The decrease was primarily due to general and administrative expense. This was largely driven by the Company s cost reduction strategies which included reducing certain professional fees such as consulting and legal expenses as well as a decrease in bad debt. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 34 

Table of Contents 
 Total Other Expense The following is a summary of the Company s total other expense derived from the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Other income 105 2 Gain on sale of assets and membership interests - 483 Unrealized loss on investment - (1) Loan receivable losses - (14) Loss on foreign currency exchange - (17) Interest expense (6,683) (6,369) Total other expense (6,578) (5,916) Other expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 6,578, an increase of 662 from other expense of 5,916 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by the decrease in gain on sale of assets and membership interests driven by the September 2023 divestiture of the Company s interest in CGSF/SFNY, whereas there was no such sale of assets or membership interests during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Additionally, interest expense increased mainly due to higher interest rates on the Company s debt including the default interest rate on the 2023 Refinanced Notes and the 2023 New Notes . However, the Note Holders have not provided the requisite notice of an event of default under these notes and the Company is currently negotiating a waiver and forbearance agreement with the Note Holders to address such non-compliance. See Note 10 Notes Payable for further details. Income Tax Benefit As the Company operates in the cannabis industry, it is subject to the limits of Section 280E of the Internal Revenue Code under which the Company is only allowed to deduct expenses directly related to the cost of production. As such, the effective tax rate can be highly variable and may not correlate to pre-tax income or loss. Income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 1,405, a decrease of 572 from income tax benefit of 1,977 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. See Note 15 Income Taxes for further details. Net Loss Attributable to TILT The Company recorded net loss of 12,649 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net loss of 8,663 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, for an increase in net loss of 3,986 primarily driven by the 4,165 decrease in gross profit, the 662 increase in other expense, and the 572 decrease in income tax benefit, partially offset by the 1,413 decrease in operating expense. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 35 

Table of Contents 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenues, net 91,052 128,418 Cost of goods sold (76,281) (107,622) Gross profit 14,771 20,796 Operating loss (36,366) (26,297) Total other expense (18,701) (18,962) Loss from operations before income tax and non-controlling interest (55,067) (45,259) Net loss before non-controlling interest (58,247) (41,866) Net income attributable to non-controlling interest - 1,433 Net loss attributable to TILT Holdings Inc. (58,247) (40,433) Revenue Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 91,052, down from 128,418 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting a year-over-year decrease of 37,366 or 29 . The decrease was mainly attributable to Jupiter which decreased revenue by 31,162 or 34 year-over-year, mainly driven by lower sales volume related to delays in shipping from a primary supplier and lower average price per unit in certain product lines as market prices have decreased from the prior period. In addition, revenue in the cannabis division decreased by 6,204 or 16 year-over-year, primarily driven by a decrease in sales volume and price compression in the Massachusetts market, partially offset by sales volume driven growth in Ohio operations. Cost of Goods Sold, Gross Profit and Gross Margin Percentage Cost of goods sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 76,281, down from 107,622 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 reflecting a year-over-year decrease of 31,341 or 29 , mainly attributable to the sales volume decline at Jupiter related to shipping delays from a primary supplier and reductions in the average cost per unit, which partially offset the impact of average price decrease in certain product lines described above. The cannabis division also decreased cost of goods sold largely due to a decrease in expenses related to inventory adjustments for excess and obsolete products, a decrease in sales volume and cost savings efforts resulting in increased production efficiencies. The Company s gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 14,771, down from 20,796 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which reflects a year-over-year decrease of 6,025 or 29 . The decrease in gross profit was mainly driven by decreased revenue at Jupiter as described above, partially offset by increased gross profit from the cannabis division driven primarily by the decrease in inventory adjustments for excess and obsolete products and by growth and improved capacity utilization in Ohio operations. Gross margin was 16 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 36 

Table of Contents 
 Total Operating Expenses The following is a summary of the Company s operating expenses derived from the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Wages and benefits 13,586 16,362 General and administrative 9,497 13,870 Sales and marketing 469 869 Share-based compensation expense (benefit) 261 (1,875) Depreciation and amortization 11,584 12,732 Impairment loss 15,740 5,135 Total operating expenses 51,137 47,093 Total operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 51,137, an increase of 4,044 or 9 year-over-year from 47,093. The increase was primarily due to the increase in impairment loss described below and increased share-based compensation expense which was mainly driven by the 2023 forfeiture of equity awards by the Company s former CEO and the 2023 reversal of share-based compensation expense related to the Company s joint venture in CGSF due to the determination that the achievement of certain milestones related to the CGSF project was no longer probable, both of which resulted in a net benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Partially offsetting the foregoing, the Company s cost control efforts led to lower general and administrative expense and decreased wages and benefits expense, mainly driven by decreased use of third-party service providers and reduced headcount, respectively. Further contributing to the decrease, there was reduced bad debt expense, a decrease in legal fees and lower severance. In addition, depreciation and amortization expense decreased, mainly related to the impairment of certain assets during the previous fiscal year. Impairment Losses Impairment losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 15,740, an increase of 10,605 or 207 year-over-year from 5,135 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Massachusetts market continued to experience challenges marked by increased cultivation and supply, market saturation, and pricing pressure, prompting CAC to revise its financial forecast to align with the prevailing market conditions. Consequently, a test of CAC assets was performed which indicated the fair value of this asset group was less than the carrying value resulting in an impairment charge of 15,678 for the three months ended June 30, 2024. The impairment loss in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was mainly driven by the impairment of certain fixed assets, ROU assets and leasehold improvements related to the reduction in operating capacity of certain Massachusetts retail operations which resulted in an expense of 3,994, the 737 impairment expense related to the write-down of a management contract and the 325 write-down of certain assets held for sale to their fair market value. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 37 

Table of Contents 
 Total Other Expense The following is a summary of the Company s total other expense derived from the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Interest income 3 - Other income 819 102 Gain on sale of assets and membership interests - 8,884 Unrealized loss on investment (1) (6,401) Loan receivable losses - (5,602) Loss on foreign currency exchange (4) (18) Interest expense (19,518) (15,927) Total other expense (18,701) (18,962) Other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 18,701, a decrease of 261 from other expense of 18,962 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by the decrease in unrealized loss on investments as the Company no longer has any investments, the absence of loan receivable losses during the period and the increase in other income driven mainly by supplier credits, reimbursements from certain vendors and miscellaneous income. Partially offsetting the foregoing, there was a decrease in the gain on sale of assets and membership interests as there was no sale of assets or membership interest during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 wherein the Company completed the sale-leaseback of the Company s White Haven facility described in Note 5 Property, Plant and Equipment and Assets Held for Sale and the divestiture of its interest in CGSF/SFNY. Additionally, interest expense increased mainly due to higher interest rates on the Company s debt including the default interest rate on the 2023 Refinanced Notes and the 2023 New Notes . However, the Note Holders have not provided the requisite notice of an event of default under these notes and the Company is currently negotiating a waiver and forbearance agreement with the Note Holders to address such non-compliance. See Note 10 Notes Payable for further details. Income Tax Benefit (Expense) Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 3,180, an increase of 6,573 from income tax benefit of 3,393 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. See Note 15 Income Taxes for further details. Net Loss Attributable to TILT The Company recorded net loss of 58,247 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net loss of 40,433 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, for an increase in net loss of 17,814 primarily driven by the 6,573 increase in income tax expense, the 6,025 decrease in gross profit and the 4,044 increase in operating expense which was mainly driven by the increase in non-cash impairment loss. Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company closely monitors and manages its capital resources to assess the liquidity required to fund fixed asset capital expenditures and operations. Liquidity and Going Concern The Company s balance of cash and cash equivalents was 2,609 as of September 30, 2024 compared to 2,034 as of December 31, 2023. The Company requires cash to: (i) fund operating expenses, working capital requirements, including accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and outlays for strategic acquisitions and investments, (ii) service debt, including principal and interest; (iii) conduct research and development; and (iv) incur capital expenditures. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 38 

Table of Contents 
 The Company has experienced operating losses since its inception and may continue to incur losses in the development of its business. The Company incurred a comprehensive loss of 58,254 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and has an accumulated deficit of 1,084,334 as of September 30, 2024. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, the Company had negative working capital of 43,687 compared to negative working capital of 19,798 as of December 31, 2023. The negative working capital is related to certain notes payable becoming due within the next 12 months including the Company s asset-based revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility ), the employee retention credit note, and obligation under the 2023 Refinanced Notes and 2023 New Notes. See Note 10 Notes Payable for additional information. On May 2, 2024, Standard Farms, LLC Standard Farms PA entered into a Secured Promissory Note with a third-party experienced retailer and operator (the Lender for borrowings up to 10,500 (the 2024 Standard Farms Loan ). Proceeds from the 2024 Standard Farms Loan will be used to construct dispensaries obtained via a permit issued from the Department of Health, Bureau of Medical Marijuana, of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (the Commonwealth ). The Standard Farms PA permit will allow the construction and operation of up to three medical marijuana dispensaries in the Commonwealth (collectively, the Retail Locations ). Proceeds from the 2024 Standard Farms Loan will also be utilized for the initial setup and operation of the Retail Locations. The 2024 Standard Farms Loan will mature on December 31, 2027, and will initially bear interest at 20 . The interest rate will automatically increase to 30 upon Standard Farm PA s opening a Retail Location and completing a first commercial sale in the Commonwealth Location Opening Date ). On May 2, 2024, the Company drew 3,000 in proceeds on the 2024 Standard Farms Loan, 1,700 of which is allocated to a contingent interest derivative, and recognized a debt discount of 784. See Note 10 Notes Payable for additional information. On February 15, 2023 (the Effective Date ), the Company and its subsidiaries, Jimmy Jang, L.P. JJ LP ), Baker Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, Baker ), Commonwealth Alternative Care CAC ), and Jupiter Research LLC Jupiter (collectively, the Subsidiary Borrowers entered into a first amendment (the NPA Amendment to its existing junior secured note purchase agreement (the 2019 Junior Notes NPA with Jordan Geotas, as the noteholder representative (the Noteholder Representative on behalf of the noteholders under the 2019 Junior Notes NPA (the Note Holders and refinanced 38,000 in aggregate principal amount of secured promissory notes issued originally under the 2019 Junior Notes NPA (the 2023 Refinanced Notes ). Pursuant to the NPA Amendment, the Subsidiary Borrowers also issued by way of private placement secured promissory notes (the 2023 New Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 8,260 to the Note Holders with a maturity date of February 15, 2027. The consideration for the 2023 New Notes was paid by an offset of an existing unsecured obligation owed by the Subsidiary Borrowers to the Note Holders. See Note 10 Notes Payable for additional information. On March 13, 2023, the Company, through its subsidiary Jupiter, entered into an amendment to its existing 10,000 Revolving Facility to increase the amount available under the Revolving Facility to 12,500 and extend the maturity date to July 21, 2024. The Revolving Facility bears interest at the prime rate plus 3 . On July 21, 2024, the maturity date of the Revolving Facility automatically extended one year to July 21, 2025. On October 3, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment with the lender through its subsidiary Jupiter to amend certain terms in the debt agreement. See Note 19 Subsequent Events for additional information. On May 15, 2023, the Company and its subsidiaries issued senior secured promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 4,500 (the 2023 Bridge Notes ). The 2023 Bridge Notes provided gross cash proceeds of 4,000 with an original issue discount of 500 and require monthly payments of 750 which started July 1, 2023. The 2023 Bridge Notes bore interest at the greater of 16 or the prime rate plus 8.5 , payable monthly, with a maturity date of December 1, 2023. On September 1, 2023, due to a strategic shift to focus on the Company s core business, the Company divested its interests in its joint venture in SFNY pursuant to a membership interest purchase agreement MIPA by and among SFNY Holdings Inc. SFNY Holdings ), SFNY, each wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company, and CGSF Investments, LLC CGSF Investments ), a wholly owned subsidiary of PowerFund Holdings II LLC. Pursuant to the MIPA, CGSF Investments acquired 100 of the membership interests in SFNY from SFNY Holdings for 1,400 cash 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 39 

Table of Contents 
 consideration (the CGSF/SFNY Divestiture ). SFNY held a 75 interest in CGSF Group LLC CGSF Group ), which was formed to establish vertical cannabis operations on the Shinnecock Nation s aboriginal tribal territory in the Hamptons on Long Island, New York. As part of the CGSF/SFNY Divestiture, the Company derecognized its noncontrolling interest in CGSF of 1,267 and a related party note payable of 350, which resulted in a gain of 483. This gain is included in gain (loss) on sale of assets and membership interests on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company s operating plans for the next 12 months include (i) increasing revenue growth from the sale of existing products and the introduction of new products across all operating segments; (ii) reducing production and operational costs as a result of efficiencies in cannabis operations; (iii) reducing supply chain costs; (iv) reducing and delaying overhead and other certain expenditures; (v) obtaining other financings or strategic transactions as necessary; and (vi) deferring principal and interest payments on the 2023 Refinanced Notes. The Company believes that successfully implementing these operating plans will help to mitigate any substantial doubt raised by our historical operating results and satisfy our estimated liquidity needs for the 12 months following the issuance of these condensed consolidated financial statements. However, during the second quarter of 2023, a primary supplier significantly changed the payment terms of the Company s trade payable. This was an unexpected event impacting short-term liquidity, therefore, the Company secured additional financing through the issuance of the 2023 Bridge Notes to satisfy the transition of the new payment terms and provide working capital for the business. The issuance of the 2023 Bridge Notes required the Company to have to obtain a waiver of the financial covenant defaults expected to occur for the 2023 Refinanced Notes and 2023 New Notes. As a result of the waiver, the Company had to pay default interest rates on its 2023 Refinanced Notes and 2023 New Notes, which resulted in an increase from 16.5 as of March 31, 2023 to 25.0 as of June 30, 2023. On October 2, 2023, the Company and the Subsidiary Borrowers entered into the Limited Waiver and Continued Forbearance Agreement (the October Forbearance Agreement with the Noteholder Representative on behalf of the Note Holders under the 2019 Junior Notes NPA. The October Forbearance Agreement reduced the interest rate on the 2023 Refinanced Notes to 17.0 as of September 30, 2023. However, as of September 30, 2024, the Company used a default rate of 25.5 to accrue interest on the 2023 Refinanced Notes due to noncompliance with financial covenants. The 25.5 interest rate represents the prime rate of 8.0 plus 8.5 , the 8 default interest rate, and the 1 annual increase pursuant to the NPA Amendment, as the principal balance was more than 30,000 as of the first anniversary of the Effective Date. The 2023 New Notes remain at the default interest rate of 24.5 . The interest payments required under these rates will constrain the Company s liquidity while these rates remain in effect. While, as of the date of this filing, the Company is not in compliance with certain payment obligations and covenants under the 2023 Refinanced Notes and the 2023 New Notes, the Note Holders have not provided the requisite notice of an event of default under these notes. The Company is currently negotiating a waiver and forbearance agreement with the Note Holders to address such non-compliance. The Company can provide no assurance that the parties will reach a mutually agreeable resolution. See Note 10 Notes Payable for additional information. The Company cannot predict with certainty the outcome of its actions to generate liquidity as discussed above, including the availability of additional financing as necessary, or whether such actions would generate the expected liquidity as currently planned. Therefore, management has concluded there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within 12 months after the date of this filing. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might become necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 40 

Table of Contents 
 Cash Flows The following table presents the Company s net cash inflows and outflows from the condensed consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 319 1,391 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (451) 13,243 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 717 (15,337) Effect of foreign exchange on cash and cash equivalents (8) (14) Net changes in cash and cash equivalents 577 (717) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash was provided by (used in): Operating activities: 319. The cash flow from operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 1,072 as compared to cash provided by operating activities of 1,391 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, mainly driven by the decrease in gross profit and reclassification of certain lease payments from financing activities to operating activities . This was partially offset by decreased payments for operating expenses from wages and benefits, general and administrative, and sales and marketing, as well as lowered interest payments. Investing activities: 451). The cash flow from investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 13,694 from cash provided by investing activities of 13,243 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The decrease was mainly related to the 2023 proceeds from the Pennsylvania Transaction described in Note 12 Leases and cash consideration from the CGSF/SFNY Divestiture described in Note 8 Loans Receivable. Financing activities: 717. The cash flow from financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 16,054 as compared to cash used in financing activities of 15,337 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The increase in cash provided was mainly driven by a decrease in repayments on notes payable compared to the prior period wherein the Company made repayments related to the retiring of the senior secured promissory notes issued on November 1, 2019 and the refinancing that resulted in the 2023 Refinanced Notes. For further details see Note 10 Notes Payable. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates There were no significant changes in the Company s significant accounting judgements and estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from those previously disclosed in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Form 10-K. Recent Accounting Pronouncements For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see Item 8. Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements in the Form 10-K and the Recent Accounting Pronouncements section of Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the Financial Statements. Legal and Regulatory Matters In accordance with the Canadian Securities Administrators Staff Notice 51-352 Issuers with U.S. Marijuana-Related Activities, readers are referred to the subsection titled Legal and Regulatory Matters in the Form 10-K, which includes 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 41 

Table of Contents 
 information regarding the current federal and state-level United States regulatory regimes in those jurisdictions where the Company is currently directly and indirectly involved in the cannabis industry, through its subsidiaries and investments. Other than as described below, there have been no material updates to this disclosure as of the date hereof. Regulation of Cannabis in the U.S. Federally On August 29, 2023, and in response to President Biden s directive to review cannabis s scheduling, the Department of Health and Human Services HHS formally presented its recommendation to the Drug Enforcement Administration DEA that cannabis be rescheduled to Schedule III from Schedule I. Section 280E does not apply to those trafficking in Schedule III controlled substances. On May 16, 2024, the DEA, which has final jurisdiction over scheduling decisions, issued a proposed rule to move cannabis from Schedule I to Schedule III. Regulation of Cannabis at State Levels Ohio Standard Farms OH converted its medical processor license to a medical/adult dual use co-located processing license. Standard Farms OH engages in the production, possession, use, sale and distribution of cannabis products in both the medicinal and adult use cannabis marketplaces in Ohio. The Company is in compliance with Ohio state law and the related licensing framework. Pennsylvania Act 63 of 2023 became effective on April 12, 2024. Act 63 allows qualified independent MMOs to apply for either a grower/processor permit or dispensary permit. An independent grower/processor may apply for one dispensary permit and an independent dispensary may apply for one grower/processor permit. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and, as such, is not required to provide the information under this item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO and Interim Chief Financial Officer Interim CFO ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as the Company s controls and procedures are designed to do, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the risk related to controls and procedures. In connection with the preparation of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as of September 30, 2024, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the CEO and Interim CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, management concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 42 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation of the Company s internal control performed during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 43 

Table of Contents 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes in the status of the legal proceedings to those previously disclosed in Item 3. Legal Proceedings of the Form 10-K, Item 1. Refer to Note 17 Commitments and Contingencies for additional information on the Company s legal proceedings. On February 2, 2021, the Haze Corp., Nevada Haze NV filed a complaint in Clark County, Nevada s Eighth Judicial District Court against Brand Canna Growth Partners, Inc. BCGP ), Michael Orr, Sant Veritas Holdings, Inc. SVH and Sant Veritas Therapeutics Inc. SVT ). As explained below, Haze NV later amended its complaint to name a second plaintiff, Haze Corp., Ontario Haze Ontario, and together with Haze NV, the Plaintiffs ). SVH and SVT are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. In the operative complaint, Plaintiffs allege that Haze Ontario entered into a Finder s Fee Agreement with BCGP in 2017 and under that agreement Haze Ontario is owed payments for acquisitions that it facilitated. Plaintiffs further allege that Haze Ontario assigned its rights to payment under the Finder s Fee Agreement to Haze NV. Plaintiffs allege that BCGP is influenced and governed by SVH and SVT because they had the same principal, defendant Michael Orr, and SVH and SVT are liable for BCGP s or Orr s obligations under the Finders Fee Agreement. SVT and SVH moved for dismissal. On May 13, 2021, the court granted the motion without prejudice. On May 17, 2021, Haze NV moved for leave to amend its complaint, adding Haze Ontario as a plaintiff and again naming SVT and SVH as defendants. That motion to amend was granted by the court on June 29, 2021. SVT and SVH again moved to dismiss on July 23, 2021. On August 10, 2021, Plaintiffs again moved to amend, seeking to add TILT Holdings Inc. TILT and TILT Holdings US, Inc. TILT US and, collectively with SVT, SVH and TILT, the TILT Parties as defendants. On October 7, 2021, the motions to dismiss were denied without prejudice and the court ordered the parties to participate in limited jurisdictional discovery before entertaining renewed motions to dismiss. Upon the closing of the limited jurisdictional discovery period, the TILT Parties moved to dismiss on April 19, 2023. By order dated August 29, 2023, the court granted the TILT Parties motion to dismiss due to lack of personal jurisdiction. The Plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal on September 8, 2023. By order dated March 18, 2024, the Supreme Court of the State of Nevada dismissed the Plaintiffs appeal due to lack of appellate jurisdiction. On May 14, 2024, Plaintiffs moved to certify the courts dismissal as a final judgment pursuant to NRCP 54(b). By order dated July 10, 2024, the court denied the motion without prejudice. Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Form 10-K filed with the SEC and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com, and all information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the Financial Statements and the related notes thereto, before making a decision to purchase our securities. Other than as described below, there have been no material changes since the filing of the Form 10-K to the risk factors previously disclosed therein. If any of such risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If that happens, the value of our securities could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. The Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment may not be renewed, potentially resulting in DOJ enforcement activities against entities in the cannabis industry. An appropriations rider contained in various federal appropriations and spending bills since 2014 (formerly known as the Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment now known as the Joyce Amendment (the Joyce Amendment provides budgetary constraints on the federal government s ability to interfere with the implementation of state-based medical cannabis laws. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and other courts have interpreted the language to mean that the DOJ cannot prosecute medical cannabis operators complying strictly with state medical cannabis laws. The Joyce Amendment does not protect state adult-use businesses, and the DOJ maintains that it can still prosecute violations of the federal cannabis ban and continue cases already in the courts. If the Joyce Amendment expires and is not renewed, federal prosecutors could prosecute even compliant medical cannabis operators for conduct within the five-year statute of limitations. On September 26, 2024, the Joyce Amendment was most recently renewed through December 20, 2024. While this current appropriations rider only applies to jurisdictions authorizing medical cannabis-related activities, supportive 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 44 

Table of Contents 
 legislators continue their efforts to amend future appropriations bills to extend the prohibition on the use of federal enforcement funds against the implementation of state cannabis programs regulating cannabis for either medical or adult-use purposes. Pursuant to the Joyce Amendment, through December 20, 2024, the DOJ is prohibited from expending any funds to prevent states from implementing their own medical cannabis laws. President Biden became the first president to propose a budget with the Joyce Amendment included. Although unlikely, there is a possibility that procedural rules in the House of Representatives and the Senate may ban all amendments from federal omnibus spending bills, and if this occurs and the substantive provisions of the Joyce Amendment are not included in the base federal omnibus spending bill or other law, these protections would lapse. If the Joyce Amendment or an equivalent thereof is not successfully included in the next or any subsequent federal omnibus spending bill, the protection which has been afforded thereby to U.S. medical cannabis businesses in the past would lapse, and such businesses would be subject to a higher risk of prosecution under federal law. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The Company made no unregistered sales of equity securities during the quarter covered by this report. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 45 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibit s 

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 10.1 Amendment Number One to Side Letter Agreement, dated July 19, 2024, by and between TILT Holdings Inc., Jimmy Jang, L.P., Baker Technologies, Inc., Commonwealth Alternative Care, Inc., Jimmy Jang Holdings, Inc, JJ Blocker Co., SFNY Holdings, Inc., Sea Hunter Therapeutics, LLC, Standard Farms Ohio LLC, Standard Farms LLC, SH Finance Company, LLC, Jupiter Research, LLC and Shenzhen Smoore Technology Limited. 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with Inline XBRL document) 

 All dollar amounts expressed in thousands, except per share amounts 46 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: November 14, 2024 TILT HOLDINGS INC. By: /s/ Tim Conder Tim Conder Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Brad Hoch Brad Hoch Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

 47 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 tilt-20240930xex10d1.htm
 EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE TO SIDE LETTER AGREEMENT THIS AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE TO SIDE LETTER AGREEMENT (this Amendment is entered into as of July 19, 2024 , by and among Tilt Holdings Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of British Columbia TILT ), Jimmy Jang, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership JJLP ), Baker Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation Baker ), Commonwealth Alternative Care, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation CAC ), JJ Blocker Co., a Delaware corporation JJB ), SFNY Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation SFNY ), Sea Hunter Therapeutics, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SHT ), Standard Farms Ohio LLC, an Ohio limited liability company SF Ohio ), Standard Farms LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company SF Penn ), SH Finance Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SF Finance , together with TILT, JJLP, Baker, CAC, JJB, SFNY, SHT, SF Ohio and SF Penn, each a Guarantor , and collectively the, Guarantors ), Jupiter Research LLC, an Arizona limited liability company Jupiter , together with the Guarantors, each individually, a Debtor , and collectively, the Debtors ), and Shenzhen Smoore Technology Limited, and certain of its affiliates (collectively, Smoore ), and is based on the following facts: RECITALS Guarantors and Smoore have previously entered into that certain Side Letter Agreement, dated January 28, 2024, by and among Guarantors and Smoore (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Side Letter ), and (ii) various other agreements and documents in connection with the Side Letter (collectively, the Debt and Security Documents . Pursuant to the terms of the Debt and Security Documents, Smoore extended financial accommodations to or on behalf of Guarantors secured by substantially all of the assets of Guarantors. Guarantors have requested that Smoore amend the Side Letter in accordance with the terms of this Amendment. AGREEMENT Now, therefore, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Debtors and Smoore, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: Recitals . Each of the Recitals and facts set forth above are true and correct and are incorporated herein by this reference and made a part hereof. Definitions . Terms which are defined in the Side Letter shall have the same definition when used in this Amendment unless specifically defined herein. Amendments to Side Letter . The Side Letter is hereby amended as follows: Addition of Defined Term Old Debt . Section 1 of the Side Letter is hereby amended and restated, in its entirety, to read as follows: 
 1 

 1. Defined Terms . (a) Capitalized Terms used, but not defined in this letter have the meanings given or referenced in the Guaranty, or the Debt and Security Agreement, as applicable. (b) For purposes of this letter, the following terms shall have the following meanings: Invoices means, collectively, any and all invoices outstanding or delivered by Seller to Jupiter or any Guarantor for products on behalf of Jupiter (each, an Invoice ). Old Debt means 11,601,718.75 , the aggregate dollar amount of the Old Debt Invoices. Old Debt Invoices means, collectively, the invoices listed on Exhibit A-1 attached hereto (each individually an Old Debt Invoice ). Credit Period means t he payment period plus the overdue days. Change in Payment of Invoices . Section 2 of the Side Letter is hereby amended and restated, in its entirety, to read as follows: 2. Payment of Invoices . Jupiter Research LLC Jupiter and TILT shall, at all times, cause to be paid in full all Invoices (except for the Old Debt Invoices): (a) the credit period more than 150 days without affecting clause 7(c) of this agreement from the date of each such Invoice by December 31, 2024; (b) the credit period more than 120 days from the date of each such Invoice by March 31, 2025; (c) the credit period more than 90 days from the date of each such Invoice by June 30, 2025 and continuing thereafter; and (d) no more than 90 days from the date of each such Invoice at all times by and after July 1 , 2025. The failure at any time by Jupiter or any Guarantor to satisfy the conditions set forth in this Section 2 shall immediately constitute an Event of Default under the Debt and Security Agreement. Addition of Termination of Guaranty . A new Section 7 is hereby added to the Side Letter, in numerical order, to read as follows: 3. Guaranty Termination . In addition to any other rights held by a Party, the Parties hereby agree that the Guaranty will automatically terminate and be of 
 2 

 no further force or effect upon the satisfaction of both of the following conditions: (a) the Credit Line is no greater than 15,000,000 as of September 30, 2025, and (b) after September 30, 2025 and for no less than 3 consecutive months, the amount of unpaid Invoices does not exceed, at any time, 70 of the amount of insurance coverage provided by China Export Credit Insurance Corporation Sinosure with respect to the Invoices. c all debts/invoice are in a status that can be reported or claimed to China Export Credit Insurance Corporation Sinosure ), that is, the credit period (The payment period plus the overdue days for all debts/invoice shall not exceed 150 days. Addition of Appendix 1 Defined Terms . Section 1 of Appendix 1 of the Side Letter is hereby amended by adding the following defined terms, in alphabetical order, to read as follows New Debt Excess Credit Line Amount : The term New Debt Excess Credit Line Amount shall mean the aggregate dollar amount of all Invoices (excluding the Old Debt Invoices) owing from any Guarantor or Jupiter to Seller which have not been paid within 90 days of such Invoice s date. Old Debt Excess Credit Line Amount : The term Old Debt Excess Credit Line Amount shall mean the aggregate dollar amount of all Old Debt Invoices owing from any Guarantor or Jupiter to Seller which have not been paid within 90 days of such Invoice s date. Changes to Interest Calculation . Section 2 of Appendix 1 of the Side Letter is hereby amended and restated, in its entirety, to read as follows: a. The obligations of Jupiter and Guarantors owing to Seller shall accrue interest as follows: i. 8 per annum, with respect to the New Debt Excess Credit Line Amount; ii. 5 per annum, with respect to the Old Debt Excess Credit Line Amount; and iii. 10 per annum, with respect to: 1. for the period commencing July 1, 2024, and ending September 29, 2024, the amount resulting from (x) the aggregate amount of all Invoices owing from any Guarantor or Jupiter to Seller, minus (y) 29,000,000 (provided that such amount shall not be less than 0.00); 2. for the period commencing September 30, 2024, and ending December 30, 2024, the amount resulting from (x) the aggregate amount of all Invoices owing from any Guarantor or Jupiter to Seller, minus (y) 27,000,000 (provided that such amount shall not be less than 0.00); 
 3 

 3. for the period commencing December 31, 2024, and ending June 29, 2025, the amount resulting from (x) the aggregate amount of all Invoices owing from any Guarantor or Jupiter to Seller, minus (y) 25,000,000 (provided that such amount shall not be less than 0.00); and 4. for the period commencing June 30, 2025, the amount resulting from (x) the aggregate amount of all Invoices owing from any Guarantor or Jupiter to Seller, minus (y) 15,000,000 (provided that such amount shall not be less than 0.00). b. All computations of interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual days elapsed. c. Under no circumstances shall the interest rate and other charges hereunder exceed the highest rate permissible under any law which a court of competent jurisdiction shall, in a final determination, deem applicable hereto. In the event that such a court determines that Seller has received interest and other charges hereunder in excess of the highest rate applicable hereto, such excess shall be deemed received on account of, and shall automatically be applied to reduce the amounts then owing from Jupiter and the Guarantors to Seller, and the provisions hereof shall be deemed amended to provide for the highest permissible rate. If there are no amounts then owing from Jupiter and the Guarantors to Seller, Seller shall refund to Jupiter and the Guarantors such excess. d. Interest shall accrue on the amounts set forth in Section 2(a) of this Appendix 1 each day that any such amounts are outstanding and owing to Seller. e. All accrued but unpaid interest arising pursuant to this side letter agreement shall be due and payable, in arrears, on or before the last day of the month following the month in which such interest accrued, or such later date as Seller may determine in its sole discretion. Changes to Credit Line . Section 4 of Appendix 1 of the Side Letter is hereby amended and restated, in its entirety, to read as follows: 4. Line Reduction Commitment . Guarantors and Jupiter shall, at all times during each time period set forth below, cause the Credit Line to be no greater than: a. 31,000,000 for the period commencing May 22, 2024, and ending September 29, 2024; b. 29,000,000 for the period commencing September 30, 2024, and ending December 30, 2024; c. 27,000,000 for the period commencing December 31, 2024, and ending March 29, 2025; d. 25,000,000 for the period commencing March 30, 2025, and 
 4 

 ending June 29, 2025; and e. 15,000,000 for the period commencing June 30, 2025. The failure at any time by Jupiter or any Guarantor to satisfy the conditions set forth in this Section 4 shall immediately constitute an Event of Default under the Debt and Security Agreement. Temporary amount of 2 million : a. Temporary amount: The amount of 2 million is temporarily granted by Smoore and is independent of the historical debts. The granting period is only July, August, and September of 2024. b. Use of the amount: this amount will be granted at the beginning of each month, and Smoore shall be paid in full by Jupiter at the end of the month . c. Interest calculation: From the date of shipment of the product by Smoore to the date of payment by Jupiter, interest should be charged at an annual rate of 10 . Conditions Precedent : Smoore shall have received a fully executed copy of this Amendment; Condition Subsequent . Debtors shall perform and satisfy the following condition subsequent. The failure by Debtors to so perform and satisfy or cause to be performed or satisfied such conditions subsequent as and when required by the terms hereof unless such date is extended, in writing, by Smoore in its sole discretion, shall constitute an immediate Event of Default under the Debt and Security Documents , and the Parties here by agree that if the Debtors fail to perform and satisfy the condition subsequent as and when required by the terms hereof, the Amendment shall be deemed to have not occurred and the Debtors still shall cause the Credit Line to be no greater than 15,000,000, as of June 30, 2025).On or before August 31 , 2024, Jupiter shall have caused the five commission customers identified in the Cooperation Agreement to have placed orders in writing to Smoore directly. Acknowledgments; Reaffirmation of Smoore s Liens and Security Interests . Debtors acknowledge Smoore has, a valid, enforceable and perfected lien on and security interest in all of the Collateral. The Collateral secures all of the presently existing and hereafter arising obligations of Debtors owing to Smoore. Representations and Warranties . Debtors hereby affirm to Smoore that all of Debtors representations and warranties set forth in the Side Letter and Debt and Security Documents are true, complete and accurate in all respects as of the date hereof. Limited Effect . Except for the specific amendment contained in this Amendment, the Side Letter and Debt and Security Documents shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
 5 

 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute a single document. Headings . The headings in this Amendment are inserted for convenience and are not a part of this Amendment. Further Assurances . Upon request of a party hereto, each party will take all reasonable actions, including execution of additional documents and agreements, necessary or appropriate to carry out the terms, conditions and intent of this Amendment. Neutral Construction . This Amendment is the product of negotiation among the parties hereto and represents the jointly conceived, bargained-for and agreed upon language mutually determined by the parties to express their intentions in entering into this Amendment. Any ambiguity or uncertainty in this Amendment shall be deemed to be caused by, or attributable to, all parties hereto collectively. In any action or proceeding to enforce or interpret this Amendment, this Amendment shall be construed in a neutral manner, and no term or condition of this Amendment, or the Debt and Security Documents as a whole, shall be construed more or less favorably to any one party, or group of parties, to this Amendment. In the event any provision contained in this Amendment is determined to be unenforceable by a court competent jurisdiction, then that provision shall be deemed omitted from this Amendment and the remaining provisions of this Amendment shall continue to be in full force and effect. [Signatures on Next Page] 
 6 

This Amendment is entered into as of the date first set forth above. 

Debtors TILT HOLDINGS INC., a corporation formed under the laws of British Columbia By: /s/ Tim Conder Name: Tim Conder Title: Chief Executive Officer JIMMY JANG, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership By: Jimmy Jang Holdings Inc., its general partner By: /s/ Tim Conder Name: Tim Conder Title: Chief Executive Officer BAKER TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation By: /s/ Tim Conder Name: Tim Conder Title: President COMMONWEALTH ALTERNATIVE CARE, INC., a Massachusetts corporation By: /s/ Tim Conder Name: Tim Conder Title: President JJ BLOCKER CO., a Delaware corporation By: /s/ Tim Conder Name: Tim Conder Title: President 

SFNY HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation By: /s/ Tim Conder Name: Tim Conder Title: President SEA HUNTER THERAPEUTICS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: /s/ Tim Conder Name: Tim Conder Title: President STANDARD FARMS OHIO LLC, an Ohio limited liability company By: /s/ Tim Conder Name: Tim Conder Title: President STANDARD FARMS LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company By: /s/ Tim Conder Name: Tim Conder Title: President SH FINANCE COMPANY, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: /s/ Tim Conder Name: Tim Conder Title: President JUPITER RESEARCH LLC, an Arizona limited liability company By: /s/ Tim Conder Name: Tim Conder Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Smoore SHENZHEN SMOORE TECHNOLOGY LIMITED, a company organized and existing under the laws of Peoples Republic of China By: /s/ Jianliang Wang Name: Jianliang Wang Title: Head of HC Business 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 tilt-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Tim Conder, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TILT Holdings Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ Tim Conder Tim Conder Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 tilt-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Brad Hoch, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TILT Holdings Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ Brad Hoch Brad Hoch Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 tilt-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of TILT Holdings Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), each of Tim Conder, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Brad Hoch, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ Tim Conder Tim Conder Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ Brad Hoch Brad Hoch Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tilt-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 tilt-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tilt-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tilt-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tilt-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

