<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-Q_edgar_data_92230_0000092230-24-000079.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33248803</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>279249</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3336948</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>17893018</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5478590</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5113236</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000092230-24-000079.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101172428
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000092230-24-000079
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRUIST FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000092230
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				560939887
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10853
		FILM NUMBER:		241420087

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		214 NORTH TRYON STREET
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8444878478

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		214 NORTH TRYON STREET
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BB&T CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970527

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOUTHERN NATIONAL CORP /NC/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000092230-24-000079.txt : 20241101

10-Q
 1
 tfc-20240930.htm
 10-Q

tfc-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended: 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 At September 30, 2024, shares of the registrant s common stock, 5 par value, were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FORM 10-Q September 30, 2024 Page No. PART I - Financial Information Glossary of Defined Terms 1 
 Forward-Looking Statements and Other Terms 3 
 Item 1. Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Unaudited) 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) Note 1. Basis of Presentation 9 
 Note 2. Discontinued Operations 11 
 Note 3. Securities Financing Activities 13 
 Note 4. Investment Securities 14 
 Note 5. Loans and ACL 16 
 Note 6. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 30 
 Note 7. Loan Servicing 31 
 Note 8. Other Assets and Liabilities 32 
 Note 9. Borrowings 33 
 Note 10. Shareholders Equity 33 
 Note 11. AOCI 34 
 Note 12. Income Taxes 35 
 Note 13. Benefit Plans 35 
 Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies 36 
 Note 15. Fair Value Disclosures 39 
 Note 16. Derivative Financial Instruments 43 
 Note 17. Computation of EPS 48 
 Note 18. Operating Segments 48 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Regulatory and Supervisory Considerations 51 
 Executive Overview 52 
 Analysis of Results of Operations 54 
 Analysis of Financial Condition 62 
 Risk Management 71 
 Liquidity 75 
 Capital 77 
 Critical Accounting Policies 78 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk (see Market Risk in MD A) 71 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 80 
 PART II - Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 81 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 81 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 81 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities - (none) Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures - (not applicable) Item 5. Other Information 81 
 Item 6. Exhibits 82 

Glossary of Defined Terms 
 The following terms may be used throughout this report, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes. Term Definition ACL 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 AD and CL Acquisition and development and commercial land AFS 
 Available-for-sale 
 Agency MBS 
 Mortgage-backed securities issued by a U.S. government agency or GSE 
 ALCO Asset and Liability Committee ALLL 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 AOCI 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 BHC 
 Bank holding company 
 Board Board of Directors of Truist Financial Corporation BRC Joint Risk Committee of the Boards of Directors of Truist Financial Corporation and Truist Bank C CB 
 Corporate and Commercial Banking, an operating segment prior to the Company s realignment as of January 1, 2024 
 CB W 
 Consumer Banking and Wealth, an operating segment prior to the Company s realignment as of January 1, 2024 
 CCAR 
 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 
 CD 
 Certificate of deposit 
 CDI 
 Core deposit intangible CEO 
 Chief Executive Officer of Truist Financial Corporation 
 CET1 
 Common equity tier 1 
 CFO 
 Chief Financial Officer of Truist Financial Corporation 
 CFTC Commodity Futures Trading Commission CIO Chief Information Officer of Truist Financial Corporation Company 
 Truist Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries (interchangeable with Truist below) 
 CP Construction and permanent CRE 
 Commercial real estate 
 CSBB Consumer and Small Business Banking, an operating segment after the Company s realignment as of January 1, 2024 DIF 
 Deposit Insurance Fund administered by the FDIC 
 EPS 
 Earnings per common share 
 Exchange Act 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 EVE Economic value of equity FDIC 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 FHLB 
 Federal Home Loan Bank 
 FHLMC 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
 FNMA 
 Federal National Mortgage Association 
 FRB 
 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
 FTE 
 Full-time equivalent employee 
 GAAP 
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 
 GDP Gross Domestic Product GSE 
 U.S. government-sponsored enterprise 
 HFI 
 Held for investment 
 HQLA 
 High-quality liquid assets 
 HTM 
 Held-to-maturity 
 IH 
 Insurance Holdings, a discontinued operating segment following the announcement of the sale of TIH 
 IPV 
 Independent price verification 
 IRR Interest rate risk LCR 
 Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
 LHFS 
 Loans held for sale 
 LOCOM Lower of cost or market Market Risk Rule Market risk capital requirements issued jointly by the OCC, U.S. Treasury, FRB, and FDIC MBS 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MRO 
 Model Risk Oversight 
 MSR 
 Mortgage servicing rights 
 NA 
 Not applicable NII 
 Net interest income 
 NIM 
 Net interest margin, computed on a TE basis 
 NM 
 Not meaningful 
 NPA 
 Nonperforming asset 
 NPL 
 Nonperforming loan 
 NSFR 
 Net stable funding ratio 
 OAS 
 Option adjusted spread 
 OCC Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCI 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 OPEB 
 Other post-employment benefit 
 OREO 
 Other real estate owned 
 OT C 
 Other, Treasury, and Corporate 
 Parent Company 
 Truist Financial Corporation, the parent company of Truist Bank and other subsidiaries 
 PCD 
 Purchased credit deteriorated loans 
 ROU assets 
 Right-of-use assets 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 1 

Term Definition RUFC 
 Reserve for unfunded lending commitments 
 SBIC 
 Small Business Investment Company 
 SCB Stress Capital Buffer SEC 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 TBVPS 
 Tangible book value per common share TE 
 Taxable-equivalent 
 TIH Truist Insurance Holdings, LLC, an entity sold on May 6, 2024 TRS Total Return Swap Truist 
 Truist Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries (interchangeable with the Company above) 
 Truist Bank Truist Bank, a North Carolina-chartered bank U.S. 
 United States of America 
 U.S. DOJ United States Department of Justice U.S. Treasury 
 United States Department of the Treasury 
 UPB 
 Unpaid principal balance 
 VaR 
 Value-at-risk 
 VIE Variable interest entity 
 WB Wholesale Banking, an operating segment after the Company s realignment as of January 1, 2024 
 2 Truist Financial Corporation 

Forward-Looking Statements and Other Terms 
 
 From time to time we have made, and in the future will make, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, pursue, seek, continue, estimate, project, outlook, forecast, potential, target, objective, trend, plan, goal, initiative, priorities, or other words of comparable meaning or future-tense or conditional verbs such as may, will, should, would, or could. Forward-looking statements convey our expectations, intentions, or forecasts about future events, circumstances, or results. 
 
 This report, including any information incorporated by reference in this report, contains forward-looking statements. We also may make forward-looking statements in other documents that are filed or furnished with the SEC. In addition, we may make forward-looking statements orally or in writing to investors, analysts, members of the media, and others. All forward-looking statements, by their nature, are subject to assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, which may change over time and many of which are beyond our control. You should not rely on any forward-looking statement as a prediction or guarantee about the future. Actual future objectives, strategies, plans, prospects, performance, conditions, and results may differ materially from those set forth in any forward-looking statement. While no list of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties could be complete, some of the factors that may cause actual results or other future events or circumstances to differ from those in forward-looking statements include: 
 
 evolving political, business, economic, and market conditions at local, regional, national, and international levels; 
 monetary, fiscal, and trade laws or policies, including as a result of actions by governmental agencies, central banks, or supranational authorities; 
 the legal, regulatory, and supervisory environment, including changes in financial-services legislation, regulation, policies, or government officials or other personnel; 
 our ability to address heightened scrutiny and expectations from supervisory or other governmental authorities and to timely and credibly remediate related concerns or deficiencies; 
 judicial, regulatory, and administrative inquiries, examinations, investigations, proceedings, disputes, or rulings that create uncertainty for or are adverse to us or the financial-services industry; 
 the outcomes of judicial, regulatory, and administrative inquiries, examinations, investigations, proceedings, disputes, or rulings to which we are or may be subject (either directly or indirectly through our ownership interests in joint ventures or other legal entities) and our ability to absorb and address any damages or other remedies that are sought or awarded and any collateral consequences; 
 evolving accounting standards and policies; 
 the adequacy of our corporate governance, risk-management framework, compliance programs, and internal controls over financial reporting, including our ability to control lapses or deficiencies in financial reporting, to make appropriate estimates, or to effectively mitigate or manage operational risk; 
 any instability or breakdown in the financial system, including as a result of the actual or perceived soundness of another financial institution or another participant in the financial system; 
 disruptions and shifts in investor sentiment or behavior in the securities, capital, or other financial markets, including financial or systemic shocks and volatility or changes in market liquidity, interest or currency rates, or valuations; 
 our ability to cost-effectively fund our businesses and operations, including by accessing long- and short-term funding and liquidity and by retaining and growing client deposits; 
 changes in any of our credit ratings; 
 our ability to manage any unexpected outflows of uninsured deposits and avoid selling investment securities or other assets at an unfavorable time or at a loss; 
 negative market perceptions of our investment portfolio or its value; 
 adverse publicity or other reputational harm to us, our service providers, or our senior officers; 
 business and consumer sentiment, preferences, or behavior, including spending, borrowing, or saving by businesses or households; 
 our ability to execute on strategic and operational plans, including accelerating growth, improving profitability, and returning capital to shareholders; 
 changes in our corporate and business strategies, the composition of our assets, or the way in which we fund those assets; 
 our ability to successfully make and integrate acquisitions and to effect divestitures, including the ability to perform our obligations under the transition services arrangements supporting TIH in a cost-effective and efficient manner; 
 our ability to develop, maintain, and market our products or services or to absorb unanticipated costs or liabilities associated with those products or services; 
 our ability to innovate, to anticipate the needs of current or future clients, to successfully compete, to increase or hold market share in changing competitive environments, or to deal with pricing or other competitive pressures; 
 our ability to maintain secure and functional financial, accounting, technology, data processing, or other operating systems or infrastructure, including those that safeguard personal and other sensitive information; 
 our ability to appropriately underwrite loans that we originate or purchase and to otherwise manage credit risk; 
 our ability to satisfactorily and profitably perform loan servicing and similar obligations; 
 the credit, liquidity, or other financial condition of our clients, counterparties, service providers, or competitors; 
 our ability to effectively deal with economic, business, or market slowdowns or disruptions; 
 the efficacy of our methods or models in assessing business strategies or opportunities or in valuing, measuring, estimating, monitoring, or managing positions or risk; 
 our ability to keep pace with changes in technology that affect us or our clients, counterparties, service providers, or competitors or to maintain rights or interests in associated intellectual property; 
 our ability to attract, hire, and retain key teammates and to engage in adequate succession planning; 
 the performance and availability of third-party service providers on whom we rely in delivering products and services to our clients and otherwise in conducting our business and operations; 
 our ability to detect, prevent, mitigate, and otherwise manage the risk of fraud or misconduct by internal or external parties; our ability to manage and mitigate physical-security and cybersecurity risks, including denial-of-service attacks, hacking, phishing, social-engineering attacks, malware intrusion, data-corruption attempts, system breaches, identity theft, ransomware attacks, environmental conditions, and intentional acts of destruction; 
 natural or other disasters, calamities, and conflicts, including terrorist events, cyber-warfare, and pandemics; 
 widespread outages of operational, communication, and other systems; 
 our ability to maintain appropriate corporate responsibility practices, oversight, and disclosures; 
 policies and other actions of governments to manage and mitigate climate and related environmental risks, and the effects of climate change or the transition to a lower-carbon economy on our business, operations, and reputation; and 
 other assumptions, risks, or uncertainties described in the Risk Factors (Item 1A), Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Item 7), or the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Item 8) in our Annual Report on Form 10-K or described in any of the Company s subsequent quarterly or current reports. 
 
 Any forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf speaks only as of the date that it was made. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of events, circumstances, or results that arise after the date that the statement was made, except as required by applicable securities laws. You, however, should consult further disclosures (including disclosures of a forward-looking nature) that we may make in any subsequent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, sale of TIH and similar phrases refer to the sale of our majority stake in TIH on May 6, 2024. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 3 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Unaudited (Dollars in millions, except per share data, shares in thousands) Sep 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits with banks Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell Trading assets at fair value AFS securities at fair value HTM securities (fair value of and , respectively) 
 LHFS (including and at fair value, respectively) 
 Loans and leases (including and at fair value, respectively) 
 ALLL ) ) Loans and leases, net of ALLL Premises and equipment Goodwill CDI and other intangible assets Loan servicing rights at fair value Other assets (including and at fair value, respectively) 
 Assets of discontinued operations Total assets Liabilities Noninterest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits (including and at fair value, respectively) 
 Short-term borrowings (including and at fair value, respectively) 
 Long-term debt Other liabilities (including and at fair value, respectively) 
 Liabilities of discontinued operations Total liabilities Shareholders Equity Preferred stock Common stock, par value 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings AOCI, net of deferred income taxes ) ) Noncontrolling interests Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity Common shares outstanding Common shares authorized Preferred shares outstanding Preferred shares authorized 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 4 Truist Financial Corporation 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Unaudited (Dollars in millions, except per share data, shares in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest Income Interest and fees on loans and leases Interest on securities Interest on other earning assets Total interest income Interest Expense Interest on deposits Interest on long-term debt Interest on other borrowings Total interest expense Net Interest Income Provision for credit losses Net Interest Income After Provision for Credit Losses Noninterest Income Wealth management income Investment banking and trading income Card and payment related fees Service charges on deposits Mortgage banking income Lending related fees Operating lease income Securities gains (losses) ) Other income Total noninterest income ) Noninterest Expense Personnel expense Professional fees and outside processing Software expense Net occupancy expense Amortization of intangibles Equipment expense Marketing and customer development Operating lease depreciation Regulatory costs Restructuring charges 
 Other expense Total noninterest expense Earnings Income (loss) before income taxes ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations ) Net income from discontinued operations Net income Noncontrolling interests from discontinued operations Preferred stock dividends and other Net income available to common shareholders Basic earnings from continuing operations ) Basic EPS Diluted earnings from continuing operations ) Diluted EPS Basic weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Unaudited (Dollars in millions) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income OCI, net of tax: Net change in net pension and postretirement costs ) Net change in cash flow hedges ) ) Net change in AFS securities ) ) Net change in HTM securities Other, net ) Total OCI, net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Income Tax Effect of Items Included in OCI: Net change in net pension and postretirement costs ) Net change in cash flow hedges ) ) Net change in AFS securities ) ) Net change in HTM securities Total income taxes related to OCI ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 6 Truist Financial Corporation 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Unaudited (Dollars in millions, shares in thousands) Shares of Common Stock Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings AOCI Noncontrolling Interests Total Shareholders Equity Balance, July 1, 2023 ) Net income OCI ) ) Issued in connection with equity awards, net ) Cash dividends declared on common stock ) ) Cash dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Other, net ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) Balance, July 1, 2024 ) Net income OCI Issued in connection with equity awards, net ) Repurchase of common stock, including excise tax ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock ) ) Cash dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Sale of remaining stake in TIH Other, net ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) Balance, January 1, 2023 ) Net income OCI ) ) Received in connection with TIH minority stake sale, net Issued in connection with equity awards, net ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock ) ) Cash dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Other, net Balance, September 30, 2023 ) Balance, January 1, 2024 ) Net income OCI Issued in connection with equity awards, net ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock, including excise tax ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock ) ) Cash dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Sale of remaining stake in TIH ) ) Other, net Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 7 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (1) 
 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Unaudited (Dollars in millions) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation Amortization of intangibles Securities (gains) losses Gain on sale of TIH, net of tax ) Net change in operating assets and liabilities: LHFS ) ) Pension asset ) ) Derivative assets and liabilities ) Trading assets ) Other assets and other liabilities ) Other, net ) Net cash from operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Proceeds from sales of AFS securities Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns of AFS securities Purchases of AFS securities ) ) Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns of HTM securities Originations and purchases of loans and leases, net of sales and principal collected Net cash received (paid) for FHLB stock ) Net cash received (paid) for securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell ) Net cash received (paid) for asset acquisitions, business combinations, and divestitures ) Other, net Net cash from investing activities Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Net change in deposits ) ) Net change in short-term borrowings ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) Cash dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) Net cash received (paid) for hedge unwinds ) ) Net cash from TIH minority stake sale Other, net ) Net cash from financing activities ) ) Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents of Continuing and Discontinued Operations, January 1 Cash and Cash Equivalents of Continuing and Discontinued Operations, September 30 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Net cash paid (received) during the period for: Interest expense Income taxes 
 (1) Cash flows of discontinued operations are reflected within operating, investing, and financing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The cash balances of these operations were reported as assets of discontinued operations on the Consolidated Balance Sheets prior to the sale of TIH. Refer to Note 2. Discontinued Operations for additional information related to discontinued operations. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 8 Truist Financial Corporation 

NOTE 1. 

Truist Financial Corporation 9 

million and million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, with an off-setting decrease in OT C noninterest expense. For the same reason, WB noninterest expense increased million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, with an off-setting decrease in OT C noninterest expense. 

10 Truist Financial Corporation 

NOTE 2. 
 
 billion. The divestiture of TIH represented a strategic shift that had a major effect on our operations and financial results. The Company reclassified all of the assets and liabilities of TIH to discontinued operations in connection with the announcement of the disposition of the business. As such, financial information attributed to TIH has been recast to reflect discontinued operations for the periods presented herein. The following footnotes reflect impacts of discontinued operations: Note 1. Basis of Presentation, Note 2. Discontinued Operations, Note 6. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, Note 8. Other Assets and Liabilities, Note 12. Income Taxes, Note 13. Benefit Plans, Note 17. Computation of EPS, and Note 18. Operating Segments. 
 
 Interest-bearing deposits with banks Premises and equipment Goodwill CDI and other intangible assets Other assets Total assets of discontinued operations Liabilities of discontinued operations: Other liabilities Total liabilities of discontinued operations 
 
 Total interest income Noninterest income Insurance income Other income Total noninterest income Expenses Personnel expense Professional fees and outside processing Software expense Net occupancy expense Amortization of intangibles Equipment expense Marketing and customer development Restructuring charges Other expense Total noninterest expense Earnings Gain on sale of TIH Income before income taxes from discontinued operations Provision for income taxes Net income from discontinued operations Noncontrolling interests Net income from discontinued operations attributable to controlling interest 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 11 

Net cash from investing activities ) Net cash from financing activities ) ) 
 
 Assets of discontinued operations: Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits with banks Premises and equipment Goodwill CDI and other intangible assets Other assets Total assets of discontinued operations Liabilities of discontinued operations: Other liabilities Total liabilities of discontinued operations Net assets of discontinued operations Noncontrolling interest Pre-tax gain Current and deferred tax impact ) After-tax gain 
 
 In connection with the sale of TIH, the Company has entered into various agreements with entities controlled by the buyers and TIH, including a transition services agreement and several commercial agreements, ranging from one to seven years. The transition services agreement includes the following support services: information technology, finance and accounting, human resources, marketing and communications, procurement, and real estate. The Company is compensated for such services on a monthly basis. The commercial agreements represent arrangements for both the Company and TIH to continue engaging in certain business activities after the completion of the sale. Such activities include referral services and certain insurance brokerage and administration services. In addition, TIH retained its depository relationship with Truist Bank after completion of the sale. As of May 6, 2024, TIH held billion of deposits at Truist Bank, which are no longer eliminated as a result of the deconsolidation of the TIH subsidiary from Truist effective with completion of the sale. Prior to the sale of TIH, such deposits were not presented in assets of discontinued operations as they were eliminated upon consolidation. 
 
 12 Truist Financial Corporation 

NOTE 3. 
 
 Securities borrowed Total securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell Fair value of collateral permitted to be resold or repledged Fair value of securities repledged 
 
 For securities sold under agreements to repurchase, the Company would be obligated to provide additional collateral in the event of a significant decline in fair value of the collateral pledged. This risk is managed by monitoring the liquidity and credit quality of the collateral, as well as the maturity profile of the transactions. Refer to Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies for additional information related to pledged securities. State and Municipal 
 Agency MBS residential 
 Corporate and other debt securities Total securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 
 There were no securities financing transactions subject to legally enforceable master netting arrangements that were eligible for balance sheet netting for the periods presented. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 13 

NOTE 4. 
 
 ) GSE ) ) Agency MBS residential ) ) Agency MBS commercial ) ) States and political subdivisions ) Other Total AFS securities, excluding portfolio level basis adjustments ) ) Portfolio level basis adjustments (1) 
 ) Total AFS securities ) ) HTM securities: Agency MBS residential ) ) December 31, 2023 (Dollars in millions) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Net unrealized gains (losses) Fair Value Gains Losses AFS securities: U.S. Treasury ) ) GSE ) ) Agency MBS residential ) ) Agency MBS commercial ) ) States and political subdivisions ) Non-agency MBS ) ) Other Total AFS securities ) ) HTM securities: Agency MBS residential ) ) 
 (1) Represents fair value hedge basis adjustments related to active portfolio layer method hedges, which are not allocated to individual securities. For additional information, refer to Note 16. Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 
 FHLMC 
 
 GSE Agency MBS residential Agency MBS commercial States and political subdivisions Other Total AFS securities HTM securities: Agency MBS residential 
 
 14 Truist Financial Corporation 

) ) ) GSE ) ) Agency MBS residential ) ) ) Agency MBS commercial ) ) States and political subdivisions ) ) Other Total ) ) ) HTM securities: Agency MBS residential ) ) Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total December 31, 2023 (Dollars in millions) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses AFS securities: U.S. Treasury ) ) ) GSE ) ) Agency MBS residential ) ) ) Agency MBS commercial ) ) ) States and political subdivisions ) ) Non-agency MBS ) ) Other Total ) ) ) HTM securities: Agency MBS residential ) ) 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, ACL was established for AFS or HTM securities. Substantially all of the unrealized losses on the securities portfolio were the result of changes in market interest rates compared to the date the securities were acquired rather than the credit quality of the issuers or underlying loans. The Company does not expect to incur any credit losses on investment securities. 

) 
 (1) million pre-tax gain on terminated hedges for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Following the sale of TIH, Truist executed a strategic balance sheet repositioning of a portion of its AFS investment securities portfolio by selling billion of lower-yielding investment securities, resulting in an after-tax loss of billion in the second quarter of 2024. The investment securities that were sold had a book value of billion including the impact of hedges. Truist invested approximately billion of the sale proceeds in shorter duration, higher-yielding investment securities. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 15 

NOTE 5. 
 
 CRE Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage Home equity Indirect auto Other consumer Credit card Total million in the residential mortgage portfolio. 
 Accruing December 31, 2023 (Dollars in millions) Current 30-89 Days Past Due 90 Days Or More Past Due (1) 
 Nonperforming Total Commercial: Commercial and industrial CRE Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage Home equity Indirect auto Other consumer Credit card Total million in the residential mortgage portfolio. 

16 Truist Financial Corporation 

) Special mention Substandard Nonperforming Total ) Gross charge-offs CRE: Pass ) Special mention Substandard Nonperforming Total ) Gross charge-offs Commercial construction: Pass Special mention Substandard Nonperforming Total Consumer: Residential mortgage: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Nonperforming Total Gross charge-offs Home equity: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Nonperforming Total Gross charge-offs Indirect auto: Current 30 - 89 days past due Nonperforming Total Gross charge-offs Other consumer: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Nonperforming Total Gross charge-offs Credit card: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Total Gross charge-offs Total ) Gross charge-offs 
 Truist Financial Corporation 17 

) Special mention Substandard Nonperforming Total ) Gross charge-offs CRE: Pass ) Special mention Substandard Nonperforming Total ) Gross charge-offs Commercial construction: Pass Special mention Substandard Nonperforming Total Gross charge-offs Consumer: Residential mortgage: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 or more days past due Nonperforming Total Gross charge-offs Home equity: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Nonperforming Total Gross charge-offs Indirect auto: Current ) 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Nonperforming Total ) Gross charge-offs Other consumer: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Nonperforming Total Gross charge-offs Student: (2) 
 Gross charge-offs Credit card: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Total Gross charge-offs Total ) Gross charge-offs 
 (2) million related to the sale. 
 
 18 Truist Financial Corporation 

) ) ) CRE ) Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage ) ) Home equity ) ) Indirect auto ) Other Consumer ) Credit card ) ALLL ) ) RUFC ACL ) ) (Dollars in millions) Balance at Jul 1, 2024 Charge-Offs Recoveries Provision (Benefit) Other (1) 
 Balance at Sep 30, 2024 Commercial: Commercial and industrial ) CRE ) Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage ) Home equity ) ) Indirect auto ) Other consumer ) Credit card ) ALLL ) RUFC ) ACL ) (Dollars in millions) Balance at Jan 1, 2023 Charge-Offs Recoveries Provision (Benefit) Other (1) 
 Balance at Sep 30, 2023 Commercial: Commercial and industrial ) ) CRE ) Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage ) ) ) Home equity ) ) Indirect auto ) Other consumer ) ) Student (2) 
 ) Credit card ) ) ALLL ) ) RUFC ACL ) ) 
 Truist Financial Corporation 19 

) CRE ) Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage ) ) Home equity ) ) Indirect auto ) Other consumer ) Credit card ) ALLL ) RUFC ACL ) ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 The commercial ALLL decreased million, and the consumer and credit card ALLL increased million in the three months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease in the commercial ALLL primarily reflects a decrease in commercial loan balances that was partially offset by an increased reserve rate that included incremental reserves related to Hurricane Helene. The change in the consumer and credit card ALLL primarily reflects an increase in indirect auto and other consumer loan balances that was partially offset by a modest decrease in the residential mortgage reserve rate. The commercial ALLL decreased million, and the consumer and credit card ALLL increased million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease in the commercial ALLL primarily reflects a decrease in commercial loan balances that was partially offset by increases in the reserve rates related to the CRE and commercial construction portfolios. The change in the consumer and credit card ALLL was primarily driven by increases in reserve rates related to certain consumer non-real estate portfolios that were partially offset by decreases in loan balances and a decrease in the reserve rate related to the residential mortgage portfolio. 
 
 The quantitative models have been designed to estimate losses using macro-economic forecasts over a reasonable and supportable forecast period of two years, followed by a reversion to long-term historical loss conditions over a one-year period. Forecasts of macroeconomic variables used in loss forecasting include unemployment trends, U.S. real GDP, corporate credit spreads, property values, home price indices, and used car prices. 
 
 The overall economic forecast incorporates a third-party baseline forecast that is adjusted to reflect Truist s interest rate outlook. Management also considers optimistic and pessimistic third-party macro-economic forecasts in order to capture uncertainty in the economic environment. These forecasts, along with the primary economic forecast, are weighted 40 baseline, 30 optimistic, and 30 pessimistic in the September 30, 2024 ACL, unchanged since December 31, 2023. While the scenario weightings were unchanged, the economic outlook relative to the prior period varied by economic variable and time period. The economic outlook generally reflected modest improvement in GDP growth and no material change in forecasted unemployment compared to the prior quarter. The overall economic forecast shaping the ACL estimate at September 30, 2024 included GDP growth in the low-single digits and an unemployment rate near the mid-single digits. 
 
 Quantitative models have certain limitations with respect to estimating expected losses, particularly in times of rapidly changing macro-economic conditions and forecasts. As a result, management believes that the qualitative component of the ACL, which incorporates management s judgment related to expected future credit losses, will continue to be an important component of the ACL for the foreseeable future. The September 30, 2024 ACL estimate includes adjustments to consider the impact of current and expected events or risks not captured by the loss forecasting models, the outcomes of which are uncertain and may not be completely considered by quantitative models. Refer to Note 1. Basis of Presentation in Truist s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information. 
 
 20 Truist Financial Corporation 

CRE Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage Home equity Indirect auto Other consumer Total 
 
 Nonperforming LHFS Foreclosed real estate Other foreclosed property Total nonperforming assets Residential mortgage loans in the process of foreclosure 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 21 

CRE Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage Home equity Indirect auto Other consumer Credit card Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (Dollars in millions) Renewals Term Extensions Interest Rate Adjustments Capitalizations Payment Delays Combination - Interest Rate Adjustment and Term Extension Combination - Capitalization and Term Extension Combination - Capitalization, Interest Rate and Term Extension Other Total Modified Loans Percentage of Total Class of Financing Receivable Commercial: Commercial and industrial CRE Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage Home equity Indirect auto Other consumer Credit card Total 
 
 22 Truist Financial Corporation 

CRE Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage Home equity Indirect auto Other consumer Credit card Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in millions) Renewals Term Extensions Capitalizations Payment Delays Combination - Interest Rate Reduction and Term Extension Combination - Capitalization and Term Extension Combination - Capitalization, Interest Rate and Term Extension Other Total Modified Loans Percentage of Total Class of Financing Receivable Commercial: Commercial and industrial CRE Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage Home equity Indirect auto Other consumer Credit card Total 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 23 

24 Truist Financial Corporation 

Truist Financial Corporation 25 

26 Truist Financial Corporation 

million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Such modifications will be included in the modification activity disclosure if the borrower successfully completes the trial period and the loan modification is finalized. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Truist had million and million, respectively, in unfunded lending commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for which Truist has modified the terms of the loans in the ways described above during the twelve months preceding September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Upon Truist s determination that a modified loan (or portion of a loan) has subsequently been deemed uncollectible, the loan (or a portion of the loan) is written off. Therefore, the amortized cost basis of the loan is reduced by the uncollectible amount and the allowance for credit losses is adjusted by the same amount. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 27 

CRE Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage Home equity Indirect auto Other consumer Credit card Total Total nonaccrual loans included above Payment Status (Amortized Cost Basis) December 31, 2023 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Current 30-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or More Past Due Total Commercial: Commercial and industrial CRE Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage Home equity Indirect auto Other consumer Credit card Total Total nonaccrual loans included above 
 
 CRE Consumer: Residential mortgage Indirect auto Other consumer Credit card Total 
 
 28 Truist Financial Corporation 

CRE Consumer: Residential mortgage Indirect auto Credit card Total 

Truist Financial Corporation 29 

NOTE 6. 

billion was realigned to WB from CSBB based on the relative fair value of CSBB and Wealth, and goodwill of million was realigned to CSBB from WB based on the relative fair value of WB and the realigned small business banking client segmentation. In addition, the Company completed an assessment of any potential goodwill impairment for all impacted reporting units immediately prior and subsequent to the realignments and determined that no impairment existed. The quantitative valuation of WB performed in conjunction with these goodwill realignments indicated that as of January 1, 2024, the fair value of the WB reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by less than 10 , indicating that the goodwill of the WB reporting unit may be at risk of impairment. 
 
 The Company monitored events and circumstances during the period from January 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024, including macroeconomic and market factors, industry and banking sector events, Truist specific performance indicators, a comparison of management s forecast and assumptions to those used in its January 1, 2024 quantitative valuations associated with the realignments of goodwill, and the sensitivity of the January 1, 2024 quantitative results to changes in assumptions as of September 30, 2024. Based on these considerations, Truist concluded that it was not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of one or more of its reporting units is below its respective carrying amount as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Segment realignment ) Divestitures ) ) Adjustments and other Goodwill, September 30, 2024 

) ) Other, primarily client relationship intangibles 
 ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 30 Truist Financial Corporation 

NOTE 7. 
 
 UPB of residential mortgage loans serviced for others, primarily agency conforming fixed rate 
 Mortgage loans sold with recourse Maximum recourse exposure from mortgage loans sold with recourse liability Indemnification, recourse and repurchase reserves As of / For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 UPB of residential mortgage loans sold from LHFS Pre-tax gains recognized on mortgage loans sold and held for sale Servicing fees recognized from mortgage loans serviced for others Approximate weighted average servicing fee on the outstanding balance of residential mortgage loans serviced for others 
 Weighted average interest rate on mortgage loans serviced for others 
 
 Acquired Additions Sales ) ) Change in fair value due to changes in valuation inputs or assumptions (1) 
 ) Realization of expected net servicing cash flows, passage of time, and other ) ) Residential MSRs, carrying value, September 30 
 (1) 
 
 Effect on fair value of a 10 increase ) ) Effect on fair value of a 20 increase ) ) OAS Effect on fair value of a 10 increase ) ) Effect on fair value of a 20 increase ) ) Composition of loans serviced for others: Fixed-rate residential mortgage loans Adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans 
 Total Weighted average life years years 
 
 The sensitivity calculations above are hypothetical and should not be considered predictive of future performance. As indicated, changes in fair value based on adverse changes in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in the above table, the effect of an adverse variation in one assumption on the fair value of the MSRs is calculated without changing any other assumption; while in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another, which may magnify or counteract the effect of the change. See Note 15. Fair Value Disclosures for additional information on the valuation techniques used. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 31 

CRE mortgages serviced for others covered by recourse provisions Maximum recourse exposure from CRE mortgages sold with recourse liability Recorded reserves related to recourse exposure CRE mortgages originated during the year-to-date period Commercial MSRs at fair value 

NOTE 8. 
 
 Total lease liabilities Weighted average remaining term years years years years Weighted average discount rate 

Lessor Operating Leases 
 
 The Company s two primary lessor businesses are equipment financing and structured real estate with income recorded in Operating lease income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net 
 
 (2) million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Bank-Owned Life Insurance 
 
 Bank-owned life insurance consists of life insurance policies held on certain teammates for which the Company is the beneficiary. The carrying value of bank-owned life insurance was billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 32 Truist Financial Corporation 

NOTE 9. 
 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Securities sold short Other short-term borrowings Total short-term borrowings 
 
 Floating rate senior notes Fixed rate subordinated notes (1)(2) 
 Capital notes (2) 
 Truist Bank: Fixed rate senior notes Floating rate senior notes Fixed rate subordinated notes (2) 
 Floating rate FHLB advances 
 Other long-term debt (3) 
 Total long-term debt 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 

NOTE 10. 

Share Repurchase Activity 
 
 In June 2024, Truist announced that the Board had authorized the repurchase of up to billion of common stock beginning in the third quarter of 2024 through 2026 as part of Truist s overall capital distribution strategy. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company repurchased million of common stock, including excise tax, which represented million shares, through open market repurchases. Repurchased shares revert to the status of authorized and unissued shares upon repurchase. At September 30, 2024, Truist had remaining authorization to repurchase up to billion of common stock under the Board approved repurchase plan. 
 
 Preferred Stock Redemptions 
 
 On November 1, 2024, Truist announced that it will redeem all outstanding shares of its Series L Perpetual Preferred Stock Series L Preferred Stock and the corresponding depositary shares representing fractional interests in the Series L Preferred Stock Series L Depositary Shares for million. 
 
 The Series L Depositary Shares (CUSIP: 89832QAB5), each representing a 1/100th interest in a share of Series L Preferred Stock, will be redeemed simultaneously with the redemption of the Series L Preferred Stock, in each case at a redemption price of per depositary share (equivalent to per share of preferred stock) plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to the redemption date. All outstanding shares of the Series L Preferred Stock and all 750,000 outstanding Series L Depositary Shares will be redeemed on the dividend payment date of . 
 Truist Financial Corporation 33 

in the customary manner. On and after the redemption date, all dividends on the shares of Series L Preferred Stock and the Series L Depositary Shares will cease to accrue. 

NOTE 11. ) ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications, net of tax ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI: Before tax ) Tax effect ) Amounts reclassified, net of tax ) Total OCI, net of tax ) ) ) ) AOCI balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) ) AOCI balance, July 1, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications, net of tax ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI: Before tax ) Tax effect ) Amounts reclassified, net of tax ) Total OCI, net of tax ) AOCI balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) ) (Dollars in millions) Pension and OPEB Costs Cash Flow Hedges AFS Securities HTM Securities Other, net Total AOCI balance, January 1, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications, net of tax ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI: Before tax ) Tax effect ) Amounts reclassified, net of tax ) Total OCI, net of tax ) ) ) AOCI balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) ) AOCI balance, January 1, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications, net of tax (1) 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI: Before tax Tax effect Amounts reclassified, net of tax Total OCI, net of tax AOCI balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) ) Primary income statement location of amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 Other expense Net interest income Securities gains (losses) and Net interest income Net interest income Net interest income 
 (1) Includes the impact of the remeasurement of the pension plan and the reduction of pension benefit obligations following the sale of TIH. Refer to Note 13. Benefit Plans for additional information. 
 
 34 Truist Financial Corporation 

NOTE 12. 

million compared to million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing effective tax rates of and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the benefit from income taxes was million compared to a provision for income taxes of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing effective tax rates of and , respectively. The higher effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was due to higher full year forecasted effective tax rate in the current year, excluding the pre-tax loss from the balance sheet repositioning of securities. The tax benefit on the pre-tax loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by the discrete impact of the balance sheet repositioning of securities. The Company calculated the provision for income taxes by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to year-to-date pre-tax income and adjusting for discrete items that occurred during the period. 

NOTE 13. 

Interest cost Other expense Estimated return on plan assets Other expense ) ) ) ) Amortization and other Other expense Net periodic (benefit) cost ) ) ) ) 
 (1) million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of service cost reported in net income from discontinued operations for the qualified defined benefit pension plan for employees of TIH. 
 
 Truist may make contributions to the qualified pension plans up to the maximum amount deductible for federal income tax purposes. Truist did not make a discretionary contribution to the qualified pension plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Following the sale of TIH, Truist retained the postretirement benefit obligation for TIH employees and changed the status of TIH employees by eliminating their eligibility to earn future service credits. Changes in pension plan obligations associated with the disposal of operating segments such as TIH require the remeasurement of postretirement benefit obligations prior to the disposal, updates to pension plan assumptions inherent in valuations, and identification and recognition of valuation changes specific to the sale, including the establishment of a new periodic service cost using assumptions as of the remeasurement date. The remeasurement process of impacted pension plans included a reduction in pension benefit obligations of million and a loss on plan assets of million, primarily driven by an increase in the weighted average assumed discount rate from to , and a decrease in the value of plan assets by million, primarily driven by market prices. The impact of the sale on Truist pension plans resulted in a reduction of pension benefit obligations by million which was recorded as a reduction of AOCI. Refer to Note 11. AOCI for additional information. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 35 

NOTE 14. 

Amount of future funding commitments included in carrying amount Other liabilities Lending exposure Loans and leases for funded amounts Renewable energy investments: Carrying amount Other assets Amount of future funding commitments not included in carrying amount NA SBIC and certain other equity method investments: Carrying amount Other assets Amount of future funding commitments not included in carrying amount NA 
 
 Amortization and other changes in carrying amount: Investments in affordable housing projects and other qualified tax credits Provision for income taxes Other community development investments Other noninterest income 
 
 Letters of Credit and Financial Guarantees 
 
 In the normal course of business, Truist utilizes certain financial instruments to meet the financing needs of clients and to mitigate exposure to risks. Such financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and certain contractual agreements, including standby letters of credit and financial guarantee arrangements. 

Residential mortgage loans sold with recourse CRE mortgages serviced for others covered by recourse provisions Other loans serviced for others covered by recourse and other provisions Letters of credit 
 
 36 Truist Financial Corporation 

Trading loans and bonds VIE liabilities 
 
 The Company concluded that the associated VIEs should be consolidated because the Company has (i) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive benefits, which could potentially be significant. The activities of the VIEs are restricted to buying and selling the reference assets, and the risks/benefits of any such assets owned by the VIEs are passed to the third-party clients via the TRS contracts. For additional information on TRS contracts and the related VIEs, see Note 16. Derivative Financial Instruments. 

Pledged loans: FRB FHLB Unused borrowing capacity: FRB FHLB 
 
 Legal Proceedings and Other Matters 
 
 Truist is routinely named as a defendant in or a party to numerous actual or threatened legal proceedings and other matters and is or may be subject to potential liability in connection with them. The legal proceedings and other matters may be formal or informal and include litigation and arbitration with one or more identified claimants, certified or purported class actions with yet-to-be-identified claimants, and regulatory or other governmental information-gathering requests, examinations, investigations, and enforcement proceedings. Claims may be based in law or equity such as those arising under contracts or in tort and those involving banking, consumer-protection, securities, antitrust, tax, employment, and other laws and some present novel legal theories, allegations of substantial or indeterminate damages, demands for injunctive or similar relief, and requests for fines, penalties, restitution, or alterations in Truist s business practices. Our legal proceedings and other matters exist in varying stages of adjudication, arbitration, negotiation, or investigation and span our business lines and operations. 
 
 The course and outcome of legal proceedings and other matters are inherently unpredictable. This is especially so when a matter is still in its early stages, the damages sought are indeterminate or unsupported, significant facts are unclear or disputed, novel questions of law or other meaningful legal uncertainties exist, a request to certify a proceeding as a class action is outstanding or granted, multiple parties are named, or regulatory or other governmental entities are involved. As a result, we often are unable to determine how or when actual or threatened legal proceedings and other matters will be resolved and what losses may be incrementally and ultimately incurred. It is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, including those described below, if unfavorable, may be material to the consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations, or consolidated cash flows of Truist, or cause significant reputational consequences. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 37 

million as of September 30, 2024. This estimate does not represent Truist s maximum loss exposure, and actual losses may vary significantly. Also, the outcome of a particular matter may be one that the Company did not take into account in its estimate because the Company judged the likelihood of that outcome to be remote. In addition, the matters underlying this estimate may change from time to time. Estimated losses, like accruals, are based upon currently available information and involve considerable uncertainties and judgment. 
 
 For certain matters, Truist may be unable to estimate the loss or range of loss, even if it believes that a loss is probable or reasonably possible, until developments in the matter provide additional information sufficient to support such an estimate. These matters are not accrued for and are not reflected in the estimate of reasonably possible losses. 
 
 The following is a description of certain legal proceedings and other matters in which Truist is involved: 
 
 Bickerstaff v. SunTrust Bank 
 
 This class action case was filed in Fulton County State Court on July 12, 2010, and an amended complaint was filed on August 9, 2010. Plaintiff alleges that all overdraft fees charged to his account which related to debit card and ATM transactions are actually interest charges and therefore subject to the usury laws of Georgia. The amended complaint asserts claims for violations of civil and criminal usury laws, conversion, and money had and received, and seeks damages on a class-wide basis, including refunds of challenged overdraft fees and pre-judgment interest. On October 6, 2017, the trial court granted plaintiff s motion for class certification and defined the class as Every Georgia citizen who had or has one or more accounts with SunTrust Bank and who, from July 12, 2006, to October 6, 2017 (i) had at least one overdraft of 500.00 or less resulting from an ATM or debit card transaction (the Transaction (ii) paid any Overdraft Fees as a result of the Transaction; and (iii) did not receive a refund of those Fees, and the granting of a certified class was affirmed on appeal. The class seeks a return of up to million in paid overdraft fees from the 2006 to 2017 period above, plus prejudgment interest which, based on the amount of claimed fees, was estimated to be approximately million as of September 30, 2024. A court-ordered mediation was held on February 28, 2024, but no resolution was reached. On March 4, 2024, the trial court issued an order granting in part and denying in part Truist s motions to amend the class definition to narrow the scope of the class, to compel arbitration against certain class members, and for summary judgment. Truist and the class separately appealed the trial court s order to the Georgia Court of Appeals, and oral arguments were held on October 22, 2024. 
 
 Recordkeeping Matters 
 
 The SEC and CFTC requested information from various subsidiaries of the Company that conduct broker-dealer, investment adviser, and swap dealer activities regarding compliance with applicable recordkeeping requirements for business-related electronic communications. In August 2024, the subsidiaries resolved these matters with the SEC and the CFTC. 
 
 Investigation Regarding Trusts 
 
 In 2016 and 2018, the Civil Division of the U.S. DOJ issued subpoenas to a corporate predecessor of Truist Bank under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act. These subpoenas requested documents and other information related to specified trusts for which Truist Bank serves as trustee. In October 2024, Truist Bank resolved the matter by entering into a settlement agreement with the U.S. DOJ. 
 
 FDIC Special Assessment 
 
 In November 2023, the FDIC issued a final rule to implement a special assessment to recoup losses to the DIF associated with bank failures in the first half of 2023. The assessment is based on an insured depository institution s estimated uninsured deposits reported as of December 31, 2022. The special assessment for Truist is million, with million recognized in the fourth quarter of 2023 and additional adjustments of million recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to changes in the estimated relevant losses to the DIF reported by the FDIC. In June 2024, the FDIC provided notification that the collection period will be extended an additional two quarters beyond the initial eight quarterly installments. The special assessment will be paid in ten quarterly installments, which began in the second quarter of 2024. The ultimate amount of expenses associated with the special assessment will also be impacted by the finalization of the losses incurred by the FDIC in the resolutions of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, which could result in additional expense. 
 38 Truist Financial Corporation 

NOTE 15. 
 
 GSE States and political subdivisions Corporate and other debt securities Loans Equity securities Other Total trading assets AFS securities: U.S. Treasury GSE Agency MBS residential Agency MBS commercial States and political subdivisions Other Total AFS securities LHFS at fair value Loans and leases Loan servicing rights at fair value Other assets: Derivative assets ) Equity securities Total assets ) Liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits: Brokered time deposits Short-term borrowings: Securities sold short Other liabilities: Derivative liabilities ) Total liabilities ) 
 Truist Financial Corporation 39 

GSE States and political subdivisions Corporate and other debt securities Loans Equity securities Other Total trading assets AFS securities: U.S. Treasury GSE Agency MBS residential Agency MBS commercial States and political subdivisions Non-agency MBS Other Total AFS securities LHFS at fair value Loans and leases Loan servicing rights at fair value Other assets: Derivative assets ) Equity securities Total assets ) Liabilities: Short-term borrowings: Securities sold short Other liabilities: Derivative liabilities ) Total liabilities ) 
 (1) 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, investments totaling million and million, respectively, have been excluded from the table above as they are valued based on net asset value as a practical expedient. These investments primarily consist of certain SBIC funds. 
 
 The following discussion focuses on the valuation techniques and significant inputs for brokered time deposit liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. For additional information on the valuation techniques and significant inputs for Level 2 and Level 3 assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, see Note 18. Fair Value Disclosures of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Brokered time deposits : The Company has elected to measure certain CDs that contain embedded derivatives at fair value. This fair value election better aligns the economics of the CDs with the Company s risk management strategies. The Company elects, on an instrument by instrument basis, whether a new issuance will be measured at fair value. The Company has classified CDs measured at fair value as level 2 instruments due to the Company s ability to observe all significant inputs to model-derived valuations in active markets. The Company employs a discounted cash flow approach based on observable market interest rates for the term of the CD and an estimate of the Bank s credit risk. For any embedded derivative features, the Company uses the same valuation methodologies as if the derivative were a standalone derivative, as discussed in the Derivative assets and liabilities section in Note 18. Fair Value Disclosures of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 40 Truist Financial Corporation 

) Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): Included in earnings ) Issuances Sales ) Settlements ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) Balance at July 1, 2024 ) Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): Included in earnings ) ) Purchases Issuances Settlements ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Change in unrealized gains (losses) included in earnings for the period, attributable to assets and liabilities still held at September 30, 2024 ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Dollars in millions) Loans and Leases Loan Servicing Rights Net Derivatives Balance at January 1, 2023 ) Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): Included in earnings ) Purchases Issuances Sales ) Settlements ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) Balance at January 1, 2024 ) Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): Included in earnings ) Purchases Issuances Sales ) Settlements ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Change in unrealized gains (losses) included in earnings for the period, attributable to assets and liabilities still held at September 30, 2024 ) Primary income statement location of realized gains (losses) included in earnings 
 Other income Mortgage banking income 
 
 Fair Value Option 
 
 ) ) Loans and leases ) ) LHFS at fair value Brokered time deposits ) 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 41 

Loans and leases Other 
 
 The following table provides information about valuation adjustments for certain assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. The valuation adjustments represent the amounts recorded during the period regardless of whether the asset is still held at period end. Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Valuation adjustments: LHFS ) ) Loans and leases ) ) Other ) ) 
 
 LHFS with valuation adjustments in the table above consisted primarily of residential mortgages and commercial loans that were valued using market prices and measured at LOCOM. The table above excludes million and million of LHFS carried at cost at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, that did not require a valuation adjustment during the period. The remainder of LHFS is carried at fair value. 
 
 Loans and leases consist of larger commercial loans and leases that are collateral-dependent and other secured loans and leases that have been charged-off to the fair value of the collateral. Valuation adjustments for loans and leases are primarily recorded in the Provision for credit losses in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Refer to Note 1. Basis of Presentation in Truist s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional discussion of individually evaluated loans and leases. 
 
 Other includes foreclosed real estate, other foreclosed property, partnership investments, premises and equipment, OREO, and held for sale operating leases, and consists primarily of residential homes, commercial properties, vacant lots, and automobiles. Partnership investments are measured based on discounted expected future cash flows. The remaining assets are measured at LOCOM, less costs to sell. 
 
 Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value 
 
 For financial instruments not recorded at fair value, estimates of fair value are based on relevant market data and information about the instruments. Values obtained relate to trading without regard to any premium or discount that may result from concentrations of ownership, possible tax ramifications, estimated transaction costs that may result from bulk sales, or the relationship between various instruments. 
 
 An active market does not exist for certain financial instruments. Fair value estimates for these instruments are based on current economic conditions and interest rate risk characteristics, loss experience, and other factors. Many of these estimates involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and cannot be determined with precision. Therefore, the fair value estimates in many instances cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets. In addition, changes in assumptions could significantly affect these fair value estimates. Loans and leases HFI, net of ALLL Level 3 Financial liabilities: Time deposits Level 2 Long-term debt Level 2 
 
 The carrying value of the RUFC, which approximates the fair value of unfunded commitments, was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 42 Truist Financial Corporation 

NOTE 16. 
 
 Fair value hedges: Interest rate contracts: Swaps hedging long-term debt Swaps hedging AFS securities Swaps hedging U.S. Treasury Total Not designated as hedges: Client-related and other risk management: Interest rate contracts: Swaps ) ) Options ) ) Forward commitments ) ) Other ) Equity contracts ) ) Credit contracts: Trading assets Loans and leases Risk participation agreements ) ) Total return swaps ) ) Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Commodity ) ) Total ) ) Mortgage banking: Interest rate contracts: Swaps Options Interest rate lock commitments ) ) When issued securities, forward rate agreements and forward commitments 
 ) ) Other Total ) ) MSRs: Interest rate contracts: Swaps Options ) ) When issued securities, forward rate agreements and forward commitments 
 ) Other ) ) Total ) ) Total derivatives not designated as hedges ) ) Total derivatives ) ) Gross amounts in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Amounts subject to master netting arrangements and exchange traded derivatives 
 ) ) Cash collateral (received) posted for amounts subject to master netting arrangements 
 ) ) Net amount ) ) 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 43 

) Derivatives not subject to master netting arrangement or similar arrangement Exchange traded derivatives ) Total derivative assets ) Derivative liabilities: Derivatives subject to master netting arrangement or similar arrangement ) ) ) Derivatives not subject to master netting arrangement or similar arrangement ) ) ) Exchange traded derivatives ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities ) ) ) December 31, 2023 (Dollars in millions) Gross Amount Amount Offset Net Amount in Consolidated Balance Sheets Held/Pledged Financial Instruments Net Amount Derivative assets: Derivatives subject to master netting arrangement or similar arrangement ) Derivatives not subject to master netting arrangement or similar arrangement Exchange traded derivatives ) Total derivative assets ) Derivative liabilities: Derivatives subject to master netting arrangement or similar arrangement ) ) ) Derivatives not subject to master netting arrangement or similar arrangement ) ) ) Exchange traded derivatives ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities ) ) ) 
 
 ) Loans and leases Long-term debt ) ) ) ) 
 (1) billion at September 30, 2024 and billion at December 31, 2023. Further, as of September 30, 2024, closed portfolios of securities hedged under the portfolio layer method have an amortized cost of billion, of which billion was designated as hedged. The remaining amount of amortized cost is from securities with terminated hedges where the basis adjustment is being amortized into earnings using the effective interest method over the contractual life of the security and hedges not designated under the portfolio-layer method. 
 
 44 Truist Financial Corporation 

) ) Pre-tax gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into interest expense or interest income: Commercial Loans ) ) ) ) 
 
 The following table summarizes the impact on net interest income related to fair value hedges: Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Investment securities: 
 Amounts related to interest settlements Recognized on derivatives ) Recognized on hedged items 
 ) ) ) Net income (expense) recognized (1) 
 Loans and leases: Recognized on hedged items 
 ) ) ) ) Long-term debt: 
 Amounts related to interest settlements ) ) ) ) Recognized on derivatives ) ) Recognized on hedged items 
 ) ) Net income (expense) recognized ) ) ) ) Net income (expense) recognized, total 
 
 (1) million and million of income recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, from securities with terminated hedges that were reclassified to HTM. The income recognized was offset by the amortization of the fair value mark. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 45 

) Net unrecognized after-tax gain (loss) on terminated hedges recorded in AOCI (to be recognized in earnings through 2029) 
 ) ) Estimated portion of net after-tax gain (loss) on active and terminated hedges to be reclassified from AOCI into earnings during the next 12 months 
 ) ) Maximum time period over which Truist is hedging a portion of the variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions excluding those transactions relating to the payment of variable interest on existing instruments 
 years years Fair value hedges: Unrecognized pre-tax net gain (loss) on terminated hedges (1) 
 ) ) Portion of pre-tax net gain (loss) on terminated hedges to be recognized as a change in interest during the next 12 months 
 ) ) 
 (1) million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments under GAAP 
 
 The Company also enters into derivatives that are not designated as accounting hedges under GAAP to economically hedge certain risks as well as in a trading capacity with its clients. Foreign exchange contracts Investment banking and trading income and other income ) Equity contracts Investment banking and trading income and other income ) ) Credit contracts Investment banking and trading income and other income ) ) ) ) Commodity contracts Investment banking and trading income Mortgage banking: Interest rate contracts residential Mortgage banking income ) ) Interest rate contracts commercial Mortgage banking income ) MSRs: Interest rate contracts residential Mortgage banking income ) ) ) Interest rate contracts commercial Mortgage banking income ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 46 Truist Financial Corporation 

to years. The potential future exposure represents the Company s maximum estimated exposure to written risk participations, as measured by projecting a maximum value of the guaranteed derivative instruments based on scenario simulations and assuming 100 default by all obligors on the maximum value. 
 
 The Company has also entered into TRS contracts on loans and bonds. To mitigate its credit risk, the Company typically receives initial margin from the counterparty upon entering into the TRS and variation margin if the fair value of the underlying reference assets deteriorates. For additional information on the Company s TRS contracts, see Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies. 
 
 The Company enters into credit default swaps to hedge credit risk associated with certain loans and leases. The Company accounts for these contracts as derivatives, and accordingly, recognizes these contracts at fair value. 
 
 Total return swaps: Cash and other collateral received 
 
 Derivatives in a net gain position secured by collateral received Unsecured positions in a net gain with counterparties after collateral postings 
 Cash collateral posted to counterparties Derivatives in a net loss position secured by collateral Central counterparties clearing: Cash collateral, including initial margin, posted to central clearing parties Derivatives in a net loss position Derivatives in a net gain position Securities pledged to central counterparties clearing 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 47 

NOTE 17. 
 
 ) Net income available to common shareholders from discontinued operations Net income available to common shareholders Weighted average number of common shares Effect of dilutive outstanding equity-based awards (1) 
 Weighted average number of diluted common shares Basic earnings from continuing operations ) Basic earnings from discontinued operations Basic EPS Diluted earnings from continuing operations ) Diluted earnings from discontinued operations Diluted EPS Anti-dilutive awards 
 (1) For periods ended with a net loss available to common shareholders from continuing operations, the calculation of GAAP diluted EPS uses the basic weighted average shares outstanding. 

NOTE 18. 
 
 segments: CSBB and WB, with functional activities included in OT C. The Company s business segment structure is based on the manner in which financial information is evaluated by management as well as the products and services provided or the type of client served. 
 
 On February 20, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to sell the remaining stake of the common equity in TIH to an investor group, representing substantially all of the Company s IH segment, which represented a material strategic shift for the Company, and as a result, the Company recast results for all periods presented under the discontinued operations basis of presentation. On May 6, 2024, the Company completed the sale of its remaining equity interests in TIH. TIH was the principal legal entity of the IH segment. As the operations of TIH were included in discontinued operations prior to the sale of TIH, the Company no longer presents the IH segment as one of its reportable segments. Refer to Note 2. Discontinued Operations for additional information related to discontinued operations. 

48 Truist Financial Corporation 

million and million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, with an off-setting decrease in OT C noninterest expense. For the same reason, WB noninterest expense increased million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, with an off-setting decrease in OT C noninterest expense. 
 
 Provision for credit losses represents net charge-offs by segment combined with an allocation to the segments for the provision attributable to each segment s quarterly change in the ALLL. Provision for income taxes is calculated using a blended income tax rate for each segment and includes reversals of the noninterest income tax adjustments described above. The difference between the calculated provision for income taxes at the segment level and the consolidated provision for income taxes is reported in OT C. 
 
 The application and development of management reporting methodologies is an active process and undergoes periodic enhancements. The implementation of these enhancements to the internal management reporting methodology may materially affect the results disclosed for each segment, with no impact on consolidated results. When significant changes to management reporting methodologies take place, the impact of these changes is quantified and prior period information is revised as practicable. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 49 

) Net intersegment interest income (expense) ) ) ) ) Segment net interest income ) ) Allocated provision for credit losses ) ) Segment net interest income after provision ) ) Noninterest income ) Amortization of intangibles Other noninterest expense Income (loss) before income taxes from continuing operations ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) Segment net income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) Identifiable assets (period end) of continuing operations Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) CSBB WB OT C (1) 
 Total 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net interest income (expense) ) Net intersegment interest income (expense) ) ) ) ) Segment net interest income ) ) Allocated provision for credit losses ) ) Segment net interest income after provision ) ) Noninterest income ) ) ) Amortization of intangibles Other noninterest expense ) Income (loss) before income taxes from continuing operations ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) ) Segment net income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) ) Identifiable assets (period end) of continuing operations 
 (1) 
 
 50 Truist Financial Corporation 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 MD A is intended to assist readers in their analysis of the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and supplemental financial information. It should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements, the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q, other information contained in this document, as well as with Truist s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. A description of certain factors that may affect our future results and risk factors is set forth in Part I, Item 1A-Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Regulatory and Supervisory Considerations 
 
 We are subject to significant regulatory frameworks that affect the products and services that we may offer and the manner in which we may offer them, the risks that we may take, the ways in which we may operate, and the corporate and financial actions that we may take. We are also subject to direct supervision and periodic examinations by various governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations that are charged with overseeing the kinds of business activities in which we engage. The regulatory and supervisory framework applicable to banking organizations is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and other customers, the DIF, the broader economy, and the stability of the U.S. financial system, rather than for the protection of shareholders and non-deposit creditors. In addition to banking laws and regulations, Truist is subject to various other laws and regulations, all of which directly or indirectly affect the operations and management of Truist and its ability to make distributions to shareholders. The descriptions below summarize certain updates to significant federal and state laws to which Truist is subject since the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. These descriptions do not summarize all possible or proposed changes in laws or regulations and are not intended to be a substitute for the related statutes or regulatory provisions. Refer to Regulatory and Supervisory Considerations in Truist s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional disclosures. 
 
 In November 2023, the FDIC issued a final rule to implement a special assessment to recoup losses to the DIF associated with bank failures in the first half of 2023. The assessment is based on an insured depository institution s estimated uninsured deposits reported as of December 31, 2022. The special assessment for Truist is 579 million, with 507 million recognized in the fourth quarter of 2023 and additional adjustments of 72 million recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to changes in the estimated relevant losses to the DIF reported by the FDIC. In June 2024, the FDIC provided notification that the collection period will be extended an additional two quarters beyond the initial eight quarterly installments. The special assessment will be paid in ten quarterly installments, which began in the second quarter of 2024. The ultimate amount of expenses associated with the special assessment will also be impacted by the finalization of the losses incurred by the FDIC in the resolutions of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, which could result in additional expense. 
 
 In June 2024, the FDIC adopted a final rule that significantly modified the required frequency and informational content of resolution plan submissions applicable to insured depository institutions with 50 billion or more in total assets IDI Resolution Plans ). As a result of the rule, Truist Bank is required to submit to the FDIC a full IDI Resolution Plan every three years and an interim supplement in the years in which a full IDI Resolution Plan is not due. The final rule introduces a new credibility standard for evaluating the adequacy of IDI Resolution Plan submissions, including increased engagement and capabilities testing. The contours of the FDIC s application of this new credibility standard remain to be seen and may require the exercise of a meaningful degree of judgment by the FDIC. A failure by Truist Bank to satisfy the credibility standard, or any other provision of the rule, may cause the FDIC to require Truist Bank to reconsider portions of its IDI Resolution Plan or result in an enforcement action by the FDIC. The final rule was effective October 1, 2024. Truist Bank s first interim supplement is due July 1, 2025, and its full IDI Resolution Plan submission is due July 1, 2026. 
 
 In August 2024, the FDIC and the FRB issued final joint guidance regarding resolution plans submitted by large bank holding companies 165(d) Resolution Plans ). Truist, as a domestic triennial full filer, is required to submit a 165(d) Resolution Plan every three years alternating between full plans and targeted plans. Truist s next full 165(d) Resolution Plan is due October 1, 2025. Truist s 165(d) Resolution Plan is required to reflect the firm s business operations and interconnectedness and support the goal of substantially mitigating serious adverse effects on the financial stability of the United States in the event of the firm s failure. The agencies have proposed a rule requiring large bank holding companies to issue long-term debt that would serve as pre-positioned resolution resources in the event of a firm s failure. When finalized and implemented, the long-term debt rule may impact Truist s 165(d) Resolution Plan strategy. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 51 

In July 2024, the FDIC released a proposed rule to amend its regulations under the Change in Bank Control Act, which generally provides that no person may directly or indirectly acquire control of an insured depository institution unless the person has given the appropriate federal banking agency prior notice of the proposed transaction and the agency has not disapproved it. The FDIC s regulations contain a rebuttable presumption that the acquisition of voting securities of a holding company like Truist that directly or indirectly controls an insured state nonmember bank like Truist Bank constitutes such an acquisition of control requiring prior notice to the FDIC if, immediately after the transaction, the acquiring person will own, control, or hold with power to vote 10 percent or more of any class of voting securities of the holding company and other specified conditions are met. The proposed rule removes an explicit exemption for transactions where the FRB reviews a notice under the Change in Bank Control Act. In addition, the FDIC seeks information and comment about its approach in response to these notices, including the role played by asset managers and other institutional investors with FDIC-supervised institutions. We continue to evaluate this proposal and its potential impacts, if adopted as proposed, on the Company and Truist Bank. 
 
 In September 2024, the FDIC adopted a final statement of policy regarding its review of Bank Merger Act applications. The final policy statement addresses, among other things, the scope of transactions subject to FDIC approval, a more rigorous FDIC process for evaluating Bank Merger Act applications, and the FDIC Board's heightened expectations with respect to the Bank Merger Act s statutory factors. As a result, Bank Merger Act applications to the FDIC will now require additional information and transactions that would result in a bank with 100 billion or more in total consolidated assets will be subject to heightened scrutiny. As a result, this new policy and heightened scrutiny will impact any merger transaction in which Truist Bank is involved. 
 
 In October 2024, the CFPB finalized a rule under the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires certain entities, including Truist and Truist Bank, to, among other things, make available to a consumer, upon request, information in its control or possession concerning the consumer financial product or service that the consumer obtained from that entity. The rule also requires data providers holding a consumer account, such as Truist Bank, to establish a developer interface satisfying certain data security specifications and other standards, through which the data provider can receive requests for, and provide, specific types of data covered by the rule in electronic, usable form to authorized third parties, including data aggregators. Data providers are prohibited from charging consumers or third parties fees for processing these consumer data requests. The rule also places certain data security, authorization, and other obligations on third parties accessing covered data from data providers, which could include Truist and Truist Bank when acting in certain capacities. The rule requires third parties to limit their collection, use, and retention of the data received to only what is reasonably necessary to provide the consumers' requested product or service, including uses that are reasonably necessary to improve the product or service. The compliance date for a data provider that is a depository institution with over 250 billion in total assets is April 1, 2026; however, the final rule is subject to ongoing litigation that could impact whether and when Truist and Truist Bank are required to comply with the rule. We continue to evaluate the final rule and the potential impacts on the Company. 

Executive Overview 
 
 In the third quarter of 2024, we made considerable progress on driving revenue growth through our core banking business by adding new clients, deepening relationships with existing clients, hiring and developing talented teammates, and investing in technology and risk infrastructure while maintaining strong expense discipline. The Company expects to continue to make substantial investments in teammates, technology, and risk infrastructure while pursuing its strategic objectives, including revenue growth and expense discipline. 
 
 We also returned 1.2 billion of capital to our shareholders through common stock dividends and 500 million of common share repurchases during the third quarter of 2024. We have 4.5 billion remaining under our 5.0 billion repurchase authorization through the end of 2026. 
 
 In July 2024, we successfully completed the sale of Sterling Capital Management LLC, an asset management business. Cash proceeds and the initial gain recognized on the sale were not material. 
 
 Hurricanes Helene and Milton affected teammates and clients in many communities Truist serves. We are working closely with those impacted by these disasters and are committed to help these communities rebuild. Together, we will continue to deliver on our purpose and care for our clients, which fuel our momentum and growth. 
 
 In October 2024, our new CIO joined the Company, leading the enterprise technology team. The new CIO has over 25 years of experience across a range of technology roles, primarily in the financial services industry. Also in October 2024, consistent with heightened and evolving regulatory requirements and supervisory expectations, the Board refocused the responsibilities of the Technology Committee on technology strategy and operations and reassigned responsibility for the oversight of technology risk reporting, mitigation strategies, and initiatives to the Risk Committee. 
 
 52 Truist Financial Corporation 

Financial Results 
 
 Net income available to common shareholders for the third quarter of 2024 of 1.3 billion was up 25 compared with the third quarter of 2023. On a diluted per common share basis, earnings for the third quarter of 2024 were 0.99, an increase of 0.19, or 24 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. Truist s results of operations for the third quarter of 2024 produced an annualized return on average assets of 1.10 and an annualized return on average common shareholders equity of 9.1 compared to prior year returns of 0.86 and 7.5 , respectively. 
 
 Net income from continuing operations was 1.4 billion for the third quarter of 2024, compared to net income of 1.1 billion for the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Taxable-equivalent net interest income for the third quarter of 2024 was up 65 million, or 1.8 , compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily due to the balance sheet repositioning completed during the second quarter of 2024. Net interest margin was 3.12 , up 20 basis points. 
 
 The yield on the average total loan portfolio was 6.41 , up 16 basis points and the yield on the average securities portfolio was 2.97 , up 72 basis points, reflecting the balance sheet repositioning and higher average market interest rates. 
 The average cost of total deposits was 2.08 , up 24 basis points. The average cost of short-term borrowings was 5.41 , down six basis points. The average cost of long-term debt was 5.13 , up 62 basis points. The increase in rates on deposits and other funding sources was largely attributable to the higher rate environment. 
 
 Noninterest income was up 149 million, or 11 , compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily due to higher investment banking and trading income and service charges on deposits, partially offset by lower other income. 
 
 Noninterest expense was down 133 million, or 4.3 , compared to the third quarter of 2023 due to decreases in other expense, personnel expense, restructuring charges, and the FDIC special assessment (reduction of 16 million in the third quarter of 2024) (regulatory costs), partially offset by an increase in professional services and outside processing expense. Restructuring charges decreased 36 million driven by lower severance charges. Adjusted noninterest expense, which excludes the FDIC special assessment adjustment, restructuring charges, and the amortization of intangibles, decreased 67 million, or 2.3 , compared to the earlier quarter. 
 
 The higher effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 is due to higher full year forecasted effective tax rate in the current year, excluding the pre-tax loss from the balance sheet repositioning of securities. 
 
 Asset quality remained strong during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Nonperforming loans and leases held for investment were 0.48 of loans and leases held for investment at September 30, 2024, up two basis points compared to June 30, 2024. 
 Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing totaled 518 million at September 30, 2024, up one basis point as a percentage of loans and leases compared with June 30, 2024. Excluding government guaranteed loans, the ratio of loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases was 0.04 at September 30, 2024, unchanged from June 30, 2024. 
 The allowance for credit losses was 5.1 billion and includes 4.8 billion for the allowance for loan and lease losses and 298 million for the reserve for unfunded commitments. The ALLL ratio was 1.60 , up three basis points compared with June 30, 2024. 
 The provision for credit losses was 448 million compared to 497 million for the third quarter of 2023 primarily reflecting a lower allowance build, partially offset by additional reserves related to Hurricane Helene. 
 The net charge-off ratio was 55 basis points, up 4 basis points compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily driven by higher net charge-offs in the other consumer and credit card portfolios, partially offset by lower net charge-offs in the CRE portfolio. 
 
 Capital ratios remained strong during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Truist s CET1 ratio was 11.6 as of September 30, 2024, flat compared to June 30, 2024 as current quarter earnings were partially offset by dividends and share repurchases. 
 Truist declared common dividends of 0.52 per share during the third quarter of 2024 and repurchased 500 million of common stock. For the third quarter of 2024, the dividend payout ratio was 52 , and the total payout ratio was 90 . 
 Truist s average consolidated LCR was 112 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the regulatory minimum of 100 . 
 In November 2024, the Company announced the forthcoming redemption of all outstanding shares of its perpetual preferred stock series L and the corresponding depositary shares representing fractional interests in such series for 750 million. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 53 

Analysis of Results of Operations 

Net Interest Income and NIM 

Taxable-equivalent net interest income for the third quarter of 2024 was up 65 million, or 1.8 , compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily due to the balance sheet repositioning. Net interest margin was 3.12 , up 20 basis points. 
 
 Average earning assets decreased 22.9 billion, or 4.7 , primarily due to a decrease in average securities of 19.0 billion, or 14 , and a decline in average total loans of 15.3 billion, or 4.8 , partially offset by growth in other earning assets of 10.4 billion, or 36 . The decrease in average securities and increase in average other earning assets primarily reflects the balance sheet repositioning. 
 The yield on the average total loan portfolio was 6.41 , up 16 basis points and the yield on the average securities portfolio was 2.97 , up 72 basis points, reflecting the balance sheet repositioning and higher average market interest rates. 
 Average deposits decreased 16.7 billion, or 4.2 , average short-term borrowings decreased 4.1 billion, or 17 , and average long-term debt decreased 8.0 billion, or 19 . 
 The average cost of total deposits was 2.08 , up 24 basis points. The average cost of short-term borrowings was 5.41 , down six basis points. The average cost of long-term debt was 5.13 , up 62 basis points. The increase in rates on deposits and other funding sources was largely attributable to the higher rate environment. 

Taxable-equivalent net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was down 505 million, or 4.5 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher funding costs and lower earning assets, partially offset by the balance sheet repositioning. Net interest margin was 3.01 , up two basis points compared to the prior period. 
 
 Average earning assets decreased 25.9 billion, or 5.2 , compared to the prior period primarily due to declines in average total loans of 18.0 billion, or 5.5 , and average securities of 15.2 billion, or 11 , partially offset by an increase in other earning assets of 6.8 billion, or 23 . The change in average securities was driven by maturities and the balance sheet repositioning. The change in other earning assets (increase in balances held at the Federal Reserve) was driven by the balance sheet repositioning. 
 The yield on the average total loan portfolio was 6.41 for 2024, up 37 basis points, compared to the prior period primarily reflecting higher market interest rates. The yield on the average securities portfolio was 2.72 for 2024, up 54 basis points compared to the prior period, reflecting the balance sheet repositioning and higher market interest rates. 
 Average deposits decreased 15.9 billion, or 4.0 , average short-term borrowings were flat, and average long-term debt decreased 15.1 billion, or 29 due to decreased funding needs. 
 The average cost of total deposits was 2.07 for 2024, up 57 basis points compared to the prior period. The average cost of short-term borrowings was 5.55 for 2024, up 42 basis points compared to the prior period. The average cost on long-term debt was 4.90 for 2024, up 49 basis points compared to the prior period. The increases in rates on deposits and other funding sources was largely attributable to the higher rate environment. 

The major components of net interest income and the related annualized yields as well as the variances between the periods caused by changes in interest rates versus changes in volumes are summarized below. 
 54 Truist Financial Corporation 

Table 1-1: Taxable-Equivalent Net Interest Income and Rate / Volume Analysis Three Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) Average Balances (1) 
 Annualized Yield/Rate (2) 
 Income/Expense (2) 
 Incr. (Decr.) Change due to 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Rate Volume Assets AFS and HTM securities at amortized cost: U.S. Treasury 12,986 10,886 4.65 1.27 151 34 117 109 8 GSE 377 339 3.41 2.92 4 3 1 1 Agency MBS 103,374 120,717 2.75 2.32 711 701 10 119 (109) States and political subdivisions 417 423 4.14 4.12 3 4 (1) (1) Non-agency MBS 3,781 2.33 22 (22) (11) (11) Other 18 20 5.18 5.55 1 1 Total securities 117,172 136,166 2.97 2.25 870 765 105 218 (113) Interest earning trading assets 5,454 4,380 6.05 6.91 84 76 8 (10) 18 Other earning assets (3) 
 38,933 28,574 5.54 5.74 549 413 136 (14) 150 Loans and leases, net of unearned income: Commercial and industrial 154,102 164,022 6.41 6.50 2,482 2,686 (204) (38) (166) CRE 21,481 22,812 6.88 6.85 373 396 (23) 2 (25) Commercial Construction 7,870 6,194 7.79 7.83 152 120 32 (1) 33 Residential mortgage 53,999 56,135 3.89 3.79 525 532 (7) 14 (21) Home equity 9,703 10,243 8.04 7.61 196 196 11 (11) Indirect auto 22,121 24,872 7.18 6.16 399 386 13 59 (46) Other consumer 29,015 28,963 8.26 7.43 603 542 61 60 1 Student 1 (1) (1) Credit card 4,874 4,875 12.20 11.62 150 143 7 7 Total loans and leases HFI 303,165 318,116 6.41 6.25 4,880 5,002 (122) 114 (236) LHFS 1,413 1,765 6.49 6.20 24 28 (4) 1 (5) Total loans and leases 304,578 319,881 6.41 6.25 4,904 5,030 (126) 115 (241) Total earning assets 466,137 489,001 5.47 5.11 6,407 6,284 123 309 (186) Nonearning assets 53,278 50,968 Assets of discontinued operations 7,735 Total assets 519,415 547,704 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Interest-bearing deposits: Interest-checking 103,899 101,252 2.80 2.40 732 611 121 105 16 Money market and savings 136,639 139,961 2.66 2.35 914 829 85 105 (20) Time deposits 37,726 40,920 3.88 4.05 368 418 (50) (17) (33) Total interest-bearing deposits 278,264 282,133 2.88 2.61 2,014 1,858 156 193 (37) Short-term borrowings 20,781 24,894 5.41 5.47 282 343 (61) (4) (57) Long-term debt 35,318 43,353 5.13 4.51 454 491 (37) 62 (99) Total interest-bearing liabilities 334,363 350,380 3.27 3.05 2,750 2,692 58 251 (193) Noninterest-bearing deposits 106,080 118,905 Other liabilities 13,631 11,699 Liabilities of discontinued operations 3,408 Shareholders equity 65,341 63,312 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 519,415 547,704 Average interest-rate spread 2.20 2.06 NIM/net interest income - taxable equivalent 3.12 2.92 3,657 3,592 65 58 7 Taxable-equivalent adjustment 55 57 Memo: Total deposits 384,344 401,038 2.08 1.84 2,014 1,858 156 
 (1) Represents daily average balances. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are included in nonearning assets. Active hedge basis adjustments for fair value hedges are included in nonearning assets and other liabilities. In the third quarter of 2024, Truist revised its presentation of active hedge basis adjustments for fair value hedges on securities to be included in nonearning assets for all periods presented. 
 (2) Yields are stated on a TE basis utilizing a federal tax rate of 21 . Interest income includes certain fees, deferred costs, and dividends. The change in interest not solely due to changes in rate or volume has been allocated based on the pro-rata absolute dollar amount of each. 
 (3) Includes cash equivalents, interest-bearing deposits with banks, FHLB stock, and other earning assets. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 55 

Table 1-2: Taxable-Equivalent Net Interest Income and Rate / Volume Analysis Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) Average Balances (1) 
 Annualized Yield/Rate (2) 
 Income/Expense (2) 
 Incr. (Decr.) Change due to 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Rate Volume Assets AFS and HTM securities at amortized cost: U.S. Treasury 11,332 11,039 3.41 1.14 289 94 195 192 3 GSE 383 334 3.36 2.83 10 8 2 1 1 Agency MBS 109,654 123,060 2.63 2.26 2,166 2,085 81 321 (240) States and political subdivisions 419 424 4.14 4.12 12 13 (1) (1) Non-agency MBS 1,712 3,846 2.85 2.33 37 67 (30) 13 (43) Other 18 23 5.28 5.34 1 1 Total securities 123,518 138,726 2.72 2.18 2,515 2,268 247 527 (280) Interest earning trading assets 5,272 4,759 6.21 6.54 247 234 13 (12) 25 Other earning assets (3) 
 36,261 29,463 5.58 5.13 1,536 1,143 393 108 285 Loans and leases, net of unearned income: Commercial and industrial 156,501 165,231 6.49 6.26 7,604 7,732 (128) 283 (411) CRE 21,948 22,736 6.92 6.64 1,143 1,135 8 48 (40) Commercial Construction 7,551 5,994 7.82 7.54 436 332 104 13 91 Residential mortgage 54,518 56,291 3.86 3.76 1,578 1,589 (11) 41 (52) Home equity 9,812 10,483 7.99 7.22 587 566 21 59 (38) Indirect auto 22,170 26,381 6.94 5.99 1,152 1,182 (30) 173 (203) Other consumer 28,545 28,242 8.17 7.10 1,745 1,500 245 229 16 Student 3,280 6.92 170 (170) (85) (85) Credit card 4,900 4,836 12.10 11.51 444 416 28 22 6 Total loans and leases HFI 305,945 323,474 6.41 6.04 14,689 14,622 67 783 (716) LHFS 1,241 1,727 6.49 6.25 61 81 (20) 3 (23) Total loans and leases 307,186 325,201 6.41 6.04 14,750 14,703 47 786 (739) Total earning assets 472,237 498,149 5.38 4.92 19,048 18,348 700 1,409 (709) Nonearning assets 50,114 51,913 Assets of discontinued operations 3,396 7,612 Total assets 525,747 557,674 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Interest-bearing deposits: Interest-checking 103,777 104,053 2.73 1.99 2,123 1,549 574 578 (4) Money market and savings 135,537 139,305 2.58 1.91 2,619 1,991 628 683 (55) Time deposits 40,295 35,189 4.15 3.68 1,252 970 282 132 150 Total interest-bearing deposits 279,609 278,547 2.86 2.16 5,994 4,510 1,484 1,393 91 Short-term borrowings 24,329 24,317 5.55 5.13 1,010 932 78 78 Long-term debt 37,579 52,663 4.90 4.41 1,382 1,739 (357) 179 (536) Total interest-bearing liabilities 341,517 355,527 3.28 2.70 8,386 7,181 1,205 1,650 (445) Noninterest-bearing deposits 107,529 124,533 Other liabilities 13,278 11,265 Liabilities of discontinued operations 1,401 3,181 Shareholders equity 62,022 63,168 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 525,747 557,674 Average interest-rate spread 2.10 2.22 NIM/net interest income - taxable equivalent 3.01 2.99 10,662 11,167 (505) (241) (264) Taxable-equivalent adjustment 161 162 Memo: Total deposits 387,138 403,080 2.07 1.50 5,994 4,510 1,484 
 (1) Represents daily average balances. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are included in nonearning assets. Active hedge basis adjustments for fair value hedges are included in nonearning assets and other liabilities. In the third quarter of 2024, Truist revised its presentation of active hedge basis adjustments for fair value hedges on securities to be included in nonearning assets for all periods presented. 
 (2) Yields are stated on a TE basis utilizing a federal tax rate of 21 . Interest income includes certain fees, deferred costs, and dividends. The change in interest not solely due to changes in rate or volume has been allocated based on the pro-rata absolute dollar amount of each. 
 (3) Includes cash equivalents, interest-bearing deposits with banks, FHLB stock, and other earning assets. 
 56 Truist Financial Corporation 

Provision for Credit Losses 

The provision for credit losses was 448 million compared to 497 million for the third quarter of 2023. The net charge-off ratio for the current quarter of 0.55 was up four basis points compared to the prior quarter. 
 
 The decrease in the current quarter provision expense primarily reflects a lower allowance build, partially offset by additional reserves related to Hurricane Helene. 
 The net charge-off ratio was up compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily driven by higher net charge-offs in the other consumer and credit card portfolios, partially offset by lower net charge-offs in the CRE portfolio. 

The provision for credit losses was 1.4 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.5 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net charge-off ratio for the current period of 0.59 was up 12 basis points compared to the prior period. 
 
 The decrease in the current period provision expense primarily reflects a lower allowance build, partially offset by additional reserves related to Hurricane Helene. 
 The net charge-off ratio was up compared to the prior period driven by higher charge-offs in the CRE, other consumer, credit card, and indirect auto portfolios, partially offset by lower net charge-offs in the commercial and industrial portfolio. Additionally, the prior period included 98 million of charge-offs related to the sale of the student loan portfolio. 

Refer to Note 5. Loans and ACL for additional discussion of the ACL. 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 
 Noninterest income is a significant contributor to Truist s financial results. Management focuses on diversifying its sources of revenue to reduce Truist s reliance on traditional spread-based interest income, as certain fee-based activities are a relatively stable revenue source during periods of changing interest rates. The following table provides a breakdown of Truist s noninterest income: Table 2: Noninterest Income Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Wealth management income 350 343 2.0 1,067 1,012 5.4 Investment banking and trading income 332 185 79.5 941 657 43.2 Card and payment related fees 222 238 (6.7) 676 704 (4.0) Service charges on deposits 221 154 43.5 678 644 5.3 Mortgage banking income 106 102 3.9 315 343 (8.2) Lending related fees 88 102 (13.7) 273 294 (7.1) Operating lease income 49 63 (22.2) 158 194 (18.6) Securities gains (losses) (6,650) NM Other income 115 147 (21.8) 259 287 (9.8) Total noninterest income 1,483 1,334 11.2 (2,283) 4,135 (155.2) 

Noninterest income was up 149 million, or 11 , compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily due to higher investment banking and trading income and service charges on deposits, partially offset by lower other income. 
 
 Investment banking and trading income increased due to higher bond and equity originations and higher structured real estate income. 
 Service charges on deposits increased due to a prior period reduction in deposit service charge fees due to client refund accruals resulting from a revision in deposit service fee protocols, partially offset by a decline as a result of continued growth of Truist One Banking. 
 Other income decreased due to lower equity investment income due to gains in the third quarter of 2023, lower income from investments held for certain post-retirement benefits (which is primarily offset by lower personnel expense), and a valuation decrease for derivatives related to Visa shares, partially offset by the gain on the sale of Sterling Capital Management LLC. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 57 

Noninterest income was down 6.4 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to 6.7 billion of securities losses resulting from the balance sheet repositioning and lower operating lease income, other income, mortgage banking income, and card and payment related fees, partially offset by higher investment banking and trading income, wealth management income, and service charges on deposits. Excluding securities losses, noninterest income was up 232 million, or 5.6 , compared to the prior period. 
 
 Investment banking and trading income increased due to higher bond and equity originations, structured real estate income, loan syndication fees, and merger and acquisition fees, partially offset by lower trading income. 
 Wealth management income increased due to higher assets under management. 
 Service charges on deposits increased due to a prior period reduction in deposit service charge fees due to client refund accruals resulting from a revision in deposit service fee protocols, partially offset by a decline as a result of continued growth of Truist One Banking. 
 Operating lease income decreased due to the runoff of operating lease balances. 
 Other income decreased due to lower equity investment income due to gains in 2023, and a valuation decrease for derivatives related to Visa shares, partially offset by higher derivative income and the gain on the sale of Sterling Capital Management LLC. 
 Mortgage banking income decreased due to a gain on the sale of a servicing portfolio in the prior year. 
 Card and payment related fees decreased due to lower interchange rates, higher rebates, and lower volumes. 

Noninterest Expense 
 
 The following table provides a breakdown of Truist s noninterest expense: Table 3: Noninterest Expense Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Personnel expense 1,628 1,669 (2.5) 4,919 5,042 (2.4) Professional fees and outside processing 336 289 16.3 922 887 3.9 Software expense 222 222 664 645 2.9 Net occupancy expense 157 164 (4.3) 477 499 (4.4) Amortization of intangibles 84 98 (14.3) 261 297 (12.1) Equipment expense 84 89 (5.6) 261 278 (6.1) Marketing and customer development 75 70 7.1 194 207 (6.3) Operating lease depreciation 34 43 (20.9) 108 133 (18.8) Regulatory costs 51 77 (33.8) 288 225 28.0 Restructuring charges 25 61 (59.0) 109 165 (33.9) Other expense 231 278 (16.9) 771 743 3.8 Total noninterest expense 2,927 3,060 (4.3) 8,974 9,121 (1.6) 

Noninterest expense was down 133 million, or 4.3 , compared to the third quarter of 2023 due to decreases in other expense, personnel expense, restructuring charges, and the FDIC special assessment (reduction of 16 million in the third quarter of 2024) (regulatory costs), partially offset by an increase in professional services and outside processing expense. Restructuring charges decreased 36 million driven by lower severance charges. Adjusted noninterest expense, which excludes the FDIC special assessment adjustment, restructuring charges, and the amortization of intangibles, decreased 67 million, or 2.3 , compared to the earlier quarter. 
 
 Other expense decreased due to the prior period costs associated with a revision in deposit service fee protocols, the prior period resolution of the USAA remote deposit capture patent infringement lawsuit, and lower pension amortization expense. 
 Personnel expense decreased due to lower headcount across most lines of business, partially offset by higher incentives. 
 Professional fees and outside processing expense increased due to higher investments in technology and risk infrastructure. 

Noninterest expense was down 147 million, or 1.6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in personnel expense and other expense (excluding the charitable contribution), partially offset by a 150 million charitable contribution to the Truist Foundation (other expense) in 2024 and FDIC special assessment adjustments in 2024 of 72 million (regulatory costs). Restructuring charges decreased 56 million; both periods included restructuring charges for severance charges as well as facilities optimization costs. Adjusted noninterest expenses, which exclude the charitable contribution, the amortization of intangibles, the FDIC special assessment adjustment, restructuring charges, and a small loss on the early extinguishment of debt, decreased 273 million, or 3.2 . 
 
 Personnel expense decreased due to lower headcount across most lines of business, partially offset by higher incentives. 
 58 Truist Financial Corporation 

Other expense, excluding the aforementioned charitable contribution to the Truist Foundation, decreased primarily due to lower pension expense, the prior period costs associated with a revision in deposit service fee protocols, and the prior period resolution of the USAA remote deposit capture patent infringement lawsuit. 
 Professional fees and outside processing expense increased due to higher investments in technology and risk infrastructure. 

Restructuring Charges 

The following table presents a summary of restructuring charges and the related accruals. The 2024 restructuring costs predominately reflect various initiatives, including costs for severance and other benefits and costs related to exiting facilities. Table 4: Restructuring Accrual Activity (Dollars in millions) Accrual at Jul 1, 2024 Expense Utilized Accrual at Sep 30, 2024 Accrual at Jan 1, 2024 Expense Utilized Accrual at Sep 30, 2024 Severance and personnel-related 3 15 (17) 1 8 70 (77) 1 Occupancy and equipment 6 (6) 31 (31) Professional services 3 2 (2) 3 5 (2) 3 Other 2 (2) 3 (3) Total 6 25 (27) 4 8 109 (113) 4 

Segment Results 
 
 Truist operates and measures business activity across two segments: CSBB and WB, with functional activities included in OT C. The Company s business segment structure is based on the manner in which financial information is evaluated by management as well as the products and services provided or the type of client served. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2024, several business activities were realigned reflecting updates to the Company s operating structure. First, the CB W segment was renamed CSBB and the C CB segment was renamed WB. Second, the Wealth business was realigned into the WB segment from the CSBB segment, representing a separate reporting unit in that segment. Third, the small business banking client segmentation was realigned into the CSBB segment from the WB segment. 
 
 On February 20, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to sell the remaining stake of the common equity in TIH to an investor group, representing substantially all of the Company s IH segment, which represented a material strategic shift for the Company, and as a result, the Company recast results for all periods presented under the discontinued operations basis of presentation. On May 6, 2024, the Company completed the sale of its remaining equity interests in TIH. TIH was the principal legal entity of the IH segment. As the operations of TIH were included in discontinued operations prior to the sale of TIH, the Company no longer presents the IH segment as one of its reportable segments. Refer to Note 2. Discontinued Operations for additional information related to discontinued operations. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company s corporate expense allocation methodology was enhanced to allocate certain overhead or functional expenses based on actual OT C noninterest expense performance. Prior period results have been revised for the CSBB, WB, and OT C segments to conform to the current allocation methodology. 
 
 As a result of the methodology change, CSBB noninterest expense increased 43 million and 195 million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, with an off-setting decrease in OT C noninterest expense. For the same reason, WB noninterest expense increased 76 million and 234 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, with an off-setting decrease in OT C noninterest expense. 
 
 Table 5: Net Income from Continuing Operations by Reportable Segment Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Consumer and Small Business Banking 865 823 5.1 2,681 2,701 (0.7) Wholesale Banking 1,085 815 33.1 3,001 2,538 18.2 Other, Treasury Corporate (511) (529) (3.4) (7,016) (1,551) NM Truist Financial Corporation 1,439 1,109 29.8 (1,334) 3,688 (136.2) 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 59 

Consumer and Small Business Banking 
 
 CSBB net income was 865 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 42 million compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Segment net interest income increased 33 million primarily driven by higher funding credit on deposits, partially offset by lower average deposit and loan balances. 
 The allocated provision for credit losses increased 94 million reflecting an allowance build compared to the earlier period and increased charge-offs in the other consumer and credit card portfolios. 
 Noninterest income increased 73 million primarily due to increased service charges on deposits related to a prior period reduction in fees due to client refund accruals resulting from a revision in deposit service fee protocols as well as an increase in residential mortgage income. 
 Noninterest expense decreased 41 million compared to the earlier quarter driven by lower salaries and related benefits due to reduced headcount and lower operational charge offs, partially offset by higher enterprise operations, marketing, and finance support. 
 
 CSBB average loans and leases held for investment decreased 5.6 billion, or 4.3 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily driven by lower loan balances within the prime auto, residential mortgage, unsecured, small business, and home equity portfolios, partially offset by growth in the Service Finance, Sheffield, and Mortgage Warehouse Lending portfolios. 
 
 CSBB average total deposits decreased 8.6 billion, or 3.9 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily driven by decreases in interest checking, noninterest-bearing deposits, and money market and savings, partially offset by an increase in time deposits. 
 
 Wholesale Banking 
 
 WB net income was 1.1 billion for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 270 million compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Segment net interest income decreased 63 million primarily due to lower deposit and loan balances combined with higher cost of deposits, partially offset by favorable loan spreads. 
 The allocated provision for credit losses decreased 147 million which reflects an allowance release in the current quarter compared to an allowance build in the earlier period and lower charge-offs in the CRE portfolio. 
 Noninterest income increased 150 million compared to the earlier quarter driven by higher income from structured real estate and bond and equity origination fees. 
 Noninterest expense decreased 117 million compared to the earlier quarter primarily due to lower salaries expense driven by reduced headcount and lower restructuring charges as well as lower marketing and finance support charges. 
 
 WB average loans held for investment decreased 9.4 billion, or 5.0 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to decreases in commercial and industrial loan balances. 
 
 WB average total deposits decreased 4.8 billion, or 3.3 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to declines in average noninterest-bearing deposits and money market and savings, partially offset by increases in interest checking balances. 
 
 Other, Treasury Corporate 
 
 OT C generated a net loss of 511 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to a net loss of 529 million in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Segment net interest income increased 97 million primarily due to lower average long-term debt, balance sheet repositioning, and funding charges primarily on loans to other segments, partially offset by funding credit on deposits to other segments. 
 Noninterest income decreased 74 million primarily due to an increase in tax gross-up activity offset in the Wholesale Banking segment and lower income from investments held for certain post-retirement benefits (which is primarily offset by lower employee benefits expense). 
 Noninterest expense increased 25 million compared to the earlier quarter primarily due to increases in professional fees and outside processing and incentive expenses, partially offset by lower operating charge-offs, occupancy, and pension expenses. 
 
 60 Truist Financial Corporation 

Nine Months of 2024 compared to Nine Months of 2023 
 
 Consumer and Small Business Banking 
 
 CSBB net income was 2.7 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 20 million compared to the prior year. 
 
 Segment net interest income decreased 56 million primarily driven by lower loan and deposit balances, partially offset by higher funding credit on deposits. 
 The allocated provision for credit losses increased 209 million primarily reflecting an allowance build in the current period compared to same period last year. 
 Noninterest income increased 17 million primarily due to increased service charges on deposits, partially offset by lower card and payment related fees and residential mortgage banking income in the current period. 
 Noninterest expense decreased 227 million primarily driven by lower personnel expenses, technology project costs, operational charge-offs, amortization of intangibles, and pension costs as well as lower restructuring charges, partially offset by higher enterprise operations, marketing, and finance support expenses. 
 
 CSBB average loans and leases held for investment decreased 10.1 billion, or 7.5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year driven primarily by the sale of the student loan portfolio in the second quarter of 2023 and a decrease in indirect auto loans. 
 
 CSBB average total deposits decreased 7.8 billion, or 3.5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year primarily due to decreases in average interest-bearing checking, noninterest-bearing deposits, and money market and savings, partially offset by an increase in time deposits. 
 
 Wholesale Banking 
 
 WB net income was 3.0 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 463 million compared to the prior year. 
 
 Segment net interest income decreased 281 million primarily due to lower deposit and loan balances combined with higher cost of deposits, partially offset by favorable loan spreads. 
 The allocated provision for credit losses decreased 351 million, which primarily reflects a larger allowance build in the earlier period. 
 Noninterest income increased 286 million primarily due to increases in investment banking income across all products and income from wealth management, partially offset by lower income from strategic investments. 
 Noninterest expense decreased 237 million primarily due to lower personnel, restructuring, and pension expenses as well as lower marketing and finance support expenses. 
 
 WB average loans and leases held for investment decreased 7.5 billion, or 4.0 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year driven by decreases in the commercial and industrial portfolio. 
 
 WB average total deposits decreased 9.5 billion, or 6.3 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year primarily due to decreases in average noninterest-bearing deposits and money market and savings, partially offset by an increase in interest-bearing checking balances. 
 
 Other, Treasury, and Corporate 
 
 OT C generated a net loss of 7.0 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 1.6 billion in the prior year. 
 
 Segment net interest income decreased 167 million due to funding credit on deposits to other segments, partially offset by funding charges primarily on loans to other segments, the balance sheet repositioning, and lower average long-term debt. 
 Noninterest income decreased 6.7 billion primarily due to securities losses resulting from the balance sheet repositioning. 
 Noninterest expense increased 317 million primarily driven by higher donations and contributions expense due to a charitable contribution to the Truist Foundation, higher incentive expense, lower credit from other segments for technology project support, and increased professional fees and outside processing expense, partially offset by lower occupancy and pension costs. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 61 

Analysis of Financial Condition 

Investment Activities 

The securities portfolio totaled 115.6 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 121.5 billion at December 31, 2023. U.S. Treasury, GSE, and Agency MBS represented 99.6 and 97.2 of the total securities portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The overwhelming majority of the portfolio is in agency MBS securities. 
 
 The decrease in 2024 includes sales of 28.1 billion and maturities and paydowns of 14.0 billion, partially offset by 35.3 billion in purchases. The purchases and sales were primarily related to the balance sheet repositioning. 
 Following the sale of TIH, which resulted in after-tax cash proceeds to Truist of approximately 10.1 billion, Truist executed a strategic balance sheet repositioning of a portion of its AFS investment securities portfolio by selling 27.7 billion of lower-yielding investment securities, resulting in an after-tax loss of 5.1 billion in the second quarter of 2024. The investment securities that were sold had a book value of 34.4 billion and a weighted average book yield of 2.80 for the remainder of 2024 including the impact of hedges and based on the Federal Funds futures curve at the time. Including the tax benefit, the repositioning generated 29.3 billion available for reinvestment. 
 Truist invested approximately 18.7 billion of the 39.4 billion available, including the 10.1 billion after-tax proceeds from the sale of TIH, in shorter duration investment securities yielding 5.27 . The remaining 20.7 billion was invested in cash. The blended reinvestment rate on the new investment securities purchased and cash was 5.22 for the remainder of 2024 including the impact of hedges and based on the Federal Funds futures curve at the time. 
 As of September 30, 2024, 43 of the investment securities portfolio was classified as held-to-maturity based on amortized cost, excluding portfolio level basis adjustments, compared to 41 at December 31, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately 3.1 of the securities portfolio was variable rate, excluding the impact of swaps, compared to 5.7 as of December 31, 2023. 
 The effective duration of the AFS securities portfolio was 5.0 years at September 30, 2024 and 6.1 years at December 31, 2023, excluding the impact of swaps, or 3.4 years at September 30, 2024 and 4.0 years at December 31, 2023, including the impact of swaps. The effective duration of the HTM securities portfolio was 7.3 years at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Lending Activities 

The following table presents the composition of average loans and leases: Table 6: Average Loans and Leases Three Months Ended (Dollars in millions) Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Mar 31, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Commercial: Commercial and industrial 154,102 157,043 158,385 160,278 164,022 CRE 21,481 21,969 22,400 22,755 22,812 Commercial construction 7,870 7,645 7,134 6,515 6,194 Consumer: Residential mortgage 53,999 54,490 55,070 55,658 56,135 Home equity 9,703 9,805 9,930 10,104 10,243 Indirect auto 22,121 22,016 22,374 23,368 24,872 Other consumer 29,015 28,326 28,285 28,913 28,963 Credit card 4,874 4,905 4,923 4,996 4,875 Total average loans and leases HFI 303,165 306,199 308,501 312,587 318,116 
 
 Average loans held for investment decreased 3.0 billion, or 1.0 , compared to the prior quarter. 
 
 Average commercial loans decreased 1.7 due to a decline in the commercial and industrial portfolio. 
 Average consumer loans increased 0.2 due to growth in the other consumer portfolio, partially offset by a decline in the residential mortgage portfolio. 

At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 53 of loans and leases HFI were variable rate. 
 
 62 Truist Financial Corporation 

Asset Quality 
 
 The following tables summarize asset quality information: 
 Table 7: Asset Quality (Dollars in millions) Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Mar 31, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 NPAs: NPLs: Commercial and industrial 575 459 512 470 561 CRE 302 360 261 284 289 Commercial construction 1 23 24 29 Residential mortgage 156 161 151 153 132 Home equity 118 123 130 122 123 Indirect auto 252 244 256 268 266 Other consumer 63 64 61 59 52 Total NPLs HFI 1,467 1,411 1,394 1,380 1,452 Loans held for sale 5 9 22 51 75 Total nonperforming loans and leases 1,472 1,420 1,416 1,431 1,527 Foreclosed real estate 3 5 4 3 3 Other foreclosed property 53 51 56 54 54 Total nonperforming assets 1,528 1,476 1,476 1,488 1,584 Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing: Commercial and industrial 5 8 12 7 15 Commercial construction 1 1 Residential mortgage government guaranteed 394 375 408 418 456 Residential mortgage nonguaranteed 39 27 33 21 30 Home equity 7 7 10 11 9 Indirect auto 1 1 2 1 Other consumer 22 19 18 21 16 Credit card 51 51 56 53 47 Total loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing 518 489 538 534 574 Loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing: Commercial and industrial 116 109 158 230 98 CRE 10 8 21 5 28 Commercial construction 4 1 Residential mortgage government guaranteed 305 340 286 326 293 Residential mortgage nonguaranteed 366 392 352 313 270 Home equity 63 58 59 70 61 Indirect auto 596 592 540 669 598 Other consumer 233 214 226 271 219 Credit card 76 78 74 87 68 Total loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing 1,769 1,791 1,716 1,971 1,636 

Nonperforming assets totaled 1.5 billion at September 30, 2024, up 52 million compared to June 30, 2024, due to an increase in the commercial and industrial portfolio, partially offset by a decline in the CRE portfolio. Nonperforming loans and leases held for investment were 0.48 of loans and leases held for investment at September 30, 2024, up two basis points compared to June 30, 2024. 
 
 Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing totaled 518 million at September 30, 2024, up one basis point as a percentage of loans and leases compared with the prior quarter due primarily to an increase in the government guaranteed residential mortgage portfolio. Excluding government guaranteed loans, the ratio of loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases was 0.04 at September 30, 2024, unchanged from June 30, 2024. 
 
 Loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing totaled 1.8 billion at September 30, 2024, down 22 million, or one basis point, as a percentage of loans and leases, compared to the prior quarter primarily due to a decrease in the residential mortgage portfolio, partially offset by an increase in the other consumer portfolio. 

Truist Financial Corporation 63 

Problem loans include NPLs and loans that are 90 days or more past due and still accruing as disclosed in Table 7. In addition, for the commercial portfolio segment, loans that are rated special mention or substandard performing are closely monitored by management as potential problem loans. Refer to Note 5. Loans and ACL for the amortized cost basis of loans by origination year and credit quality indicator as well as additional disclosures related to NPLs. 
 
 Table 8: Asset Quality Ratios Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Mar 31, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases HFI 
 0.58 0.59 0.56 0.63 0.52 Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases HFI 
 0.17 0.16 0.18 0.17 0.18 NPLs as a percentage of loans and leases HFI 
 0.48 0.46 0.45 0.44 0.46 NPLs as a percentage of total loans and leases (1) 
 0.48 0.46 0.46 0.46 0.48 NPAs as a percentage of: 
 Total assets (1) 
 0.29 0.28 0.28 0.28 0.29 Loans and leases HFI plus foreclosed property 
 0.50 0.48 0.47 0.46 0.48 ALLL as a percentage of loans and leases HFI 
 1.60 1.57 1.56 1.54 1.49 Ratio of ALLL to NPLs 
 3.3x 3.4x 3.4x 3.5x 3.2x Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases HFI, excluding government guaranteed (2) 
 0.04 0.04 0.04 0.04 0.04 
 (1) Includes LHFS. 
 (2) This asset quality ratio has been adjusted to remove the impact of government guaranteed loans. Management believes the inclusion of such assets in this asset quality ratio results in distortion of this ratio because collection of principal and interest is reasonably assured, or the ratio might not be comparable to other periods presented or to other portfolios that do not have government guarantees. 
 
 Table 9: Asset Quality Ratios (Continued) As of/For the Year-to-Date Three Months Ended Period Ended Sept. 30 Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Mar 31, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 2024 2023 Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases HFI: 
 Commercial: Commercial and industrial 0.18 0.18 0.17 0.23 0.17 0.17 0.18 CRE 1.12 1.67 1.73 0.83 1.31 1.51 0.68 Commercial construction (0.01) (0.05) (0.02) 0.22 (0.03) (0.03) (0.03) Consumer: Residential mortgage (0.01) (0.01) (0.01) 0.05 (0.01) 0.01 Home equity (0.11) (0.03) (0.08) (0.12) (0.10) (0.07) (0.13) Indirect auto 1.89 1.94 2.26 2.19 1.75 2.03 1.50 Other consumer 1.73 1.60 1.96 1.74 1.37 1.76 1.29 Student 4.40 Credit card 5.04 5.33 5.54 4.38 3.78 5.31 3.66 Total 0.55 0.58 0.64 0.57 0.51 0.59 0.47 Ratio of ALLL to net charge-offs 2.9x 2.7x 2.4x 2.7x 2.9x 2.7x 3.1x 
 Ratios are annualized, as applicable. 
 
 The following table presents activity related to NPAs: Table 10: Rollforward of NPAs (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Balance, January 1 1,488 1,250 New NPAs 2,540 2,365 Advances and principal increases 397 648 Disposals of foreclosed assets (1) 
 (458) (449) Disposals of NPLs (2) 
 (144) (132) Charge-offs and losses (975) (708) Payments (1,043) (1,022) Transfers to performing status (254) (359) Other, net (23) (9) Ending balance, September 30 1,528 1,584 
 (1) Includes charge-offs and losses recorded upon sale of 193 million and 131 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Includes charge-offs and losses recorded upon sale of 1 million and 31 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 64 Truist Financial Corporation 

Commercial Credit Concentrations 
 
 Truist has established the following general practices to manage commercial credit risk: 
 
 limiting the amount of credit that Truist may extend to a borrower; 
 establishing a process for credit approval accountability; 
 initial underwriting and analysis of borrower, transaction, market, and collateral risks; 
 evaluating the diversity of the loan portfolio in terms of type, industry, and geographical concentration; 
 ongoing servicing and monitoring of individual loans and lending relationships; 
 continuous monitoring of the portfolio, market dynamics, and the economy; and 
 periodically reevaluating the Company s strategy and overall exposure as economic, market, and other relevant conditions change. 
 
 Truist continuously monitors various segments of its credit portfolios to assess potential concentration risks. Management is actively involved in the credit approval and review process, and risk acceptance criteria are adjusted as needed to reflect the Company s risk appetite. Consistent with established risk management objectives, the Company utilizes various risk mitigation techniques, including collecting collateral and security interests, obtaining guarantees, and, to a limited extent, through the purchase of credit loss protection via third party insurance or use of credit derivatives such as credit default swaps. 
 
 In the commercial portfolio, risk concentrations are evaluated regularly on both an aggregate portfolio level and on an individual client basis. The Company manages its commercial exposure through portfolio targets, limits, and transactional risk acceptance criteria as well as other techniques, including loan syndications/participations, loan sales, collateral, structure, covenants, and other risk reduction techniques. 
 
 The following tables provide industry distribution by major types of commercial credit exposure and the geographical distribution of commercial exposures. Industry classification for commercial and industrial loans is based on the North American Industry Classification System. CRE loans are classified based on type of property. For the geographic disclosures, amounts are generally assigned to a state based on the physical billing address of the client or physical property address. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 65 

Table 11: Commercial and Industrial Portfolio Industry and Geography September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in millions) LHFI of Total NPL LHFI of Total NPL Industry: Finance and insurance 18,984 12.3 29 15,526 9.7 40 Manufacturing 13,014 8.5 81 14,418 9.0 65 Retail trade 12,597 8.2 82 12,740 7.9 89 Health care and social assistance 12,285 8.0 97 12,997 8.1 46 Real estate and rental and leasing 11,929 7.7 8 12,663 7.9 16 Public administration 9,462 6.1 9,802 6.1 Wholesale trade 7,328 4.8 44 8,263 5.1 3 Information 6,783 4.4 96 8,346 5.2 Transportation and warehousing 4,666 3.0 46 5,703 3.5 8 Educational services 4,334 2.8 5,151 3.2 31 Professional, scientific, and technical services 3,972 2.6 10 4,445 2.8 26 Utilities 3,628 2.4 4,555 2.8 Arts, entertainment, and recreation 3,594 2.3 3,227 2.0 Administrative and support and waste management and remediation services 3,079 2.0 1 3,716 2.3 49 Other services (except public administration) 3,070 2.0 5 3,305 2.1 1 Accommodation and food services 2,824 1.8 5 3,067 1.9 13 Other (1) 
 12,739 8.3 43 12,159 7.5 41 Subtotal 134,288 87.2 547 140,083 87.1 428 Business owner occupied 
 19,637 12.8 28 20,705 12.9 42 Total commercial and industrial 153,925 100.0 575 160,788 100.0 470 Geography: Florida 18,065 11.7 189 18,947 11.8 228 Texas 14,891 9.7 67 15,374 9.6 24 North Carolina 12,051 7.8 17 12,959 8.1 11 Georgia 11,924 7.7 8 12,167 7.6 32 New York 11,321 7.4 69 10,336 6.4 3 Virginia 9,116 5.9 8 9,724 6.0 35 California 7,806 5.1 29 9,115 5.7 1 Pennsylvania 7,103 4.6 8 7,423 4.6 4 Maryland 6,545 4.3 5 6,668 4.1 6 Tennessee 5,806 3.8 59 5,852 3.6 43 South Carolina 4,213 2.7 37 4,134 2.6 1 New Jersey 3,902 2.5 2 3,754 2.3 36 Illinois 3,709 2.4 21 3,892 2.4 10 Ohio 3,101 2.0 3,220 2.0 6 Other (2) 
 34,372 22.4 56 37,223 23.2 30 Total commercial and industrial 
 153,925 100.0 575 160,788 100.0 470 
 (1) Represents other remaining industries that are deemed to be individually insignificant. 
 (2) Includes non-U.S. loans of 4.3 billion and 5.1 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The remainder represents other remaining states that are deemed to be individually insignificant. 
 
 Truist has noted that the CRE and commercial construction portfolios have the potential for heightened risk in the current environment. Truist seeks to maintain a high-quality portfolio through disciplined risk management and prudent client selection. 
 
 Truist s CRE and commercial construction portfolios totaled 28.9 billion as of September 30, 2024, which includes 35 related to multifamily residential, 19 related to industrial, 15 related to office, 13 related to retail, and the remainder composed of hotel and other commercial real estate. 
 
 Our combined CRE and commercial construction office portfolio is primarily composed of multi-tenant, non-gateway properties located within Truist Bank s footprint. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 97 of these properties are multi-tenant. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, 11 and 32 of these exposures are scheduled to mature in 2024 and 2025, respectively, with the remainder scheduled to mature in 2026 and beyond. 
 66 Truist Financial Corporation 

Table 12: CRE Portfolio Property Type and Geography September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in millions) LHFI of Total NPL LHFI of Total NPL Industry: Multifamily 5,484 26.2 1 5,731 25.4 3 Industrial 4,324 20.7 3 4,054 18.0 3 Retail 3,735 17.9 46 4,172 18.5 9 Office 3,686 17.6 236 4,286 19.0 264 Hotel 2,084 10.0 9 2,445 10.8 Other (1) 
 1,599 7.6 7 1,882 8.3 5 Total CRE 20,912 100.0 302 22,570 100.0 284 Geography: Florida 2,412 11.5 2 2,481 11.0 5 North Carolina 2,272 10.9 8 2,726 12.1 1 Georgia 2,117 10.1 133 2,532 11.2 120 Texas 1,679 8.0 1,611 7.1 California 1,651 7.9 1,709 7.6 81 New York 1,512 7.2 2 1,574 7.0 3 Pennsylvania 1,384 6.6 1 1,403 6.2 Virginia 1,128 5.4 3 1,276 5.7 District of Columbia 871 4.2 1,043 4.6 Tennessee 793 3.8 1 810 3.6 1 Maryland 773 3.7 10 956 4.2 16 Other (2) 
 4,320 20.7 142 4,449 19.7 57 Total CRE 20,912 100.0 302 22,570 100.0 284 
 (1) Represents other remaining property types that are deemed to be individually insignificant. 
 (2) Includes non-U.S. loans of 63 million and 73 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The remainder represents other remaining states that are deemed to be individually insignificant. 
 
 Table 13: Commercial Construction Portfolio Property Type and Geography September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in millions) LHFI of Total NPL LHFI of Total NPL Industry: Multifamily 4,674 58.6 3,868 57.9 23 Industrial 1,322 16.6 877 13.1 Single Family - CP 775 9.7 1 819 12.3 Office 608 7.6 634 9.5 1 Single Family - AD and CL 174 2.2 196 2.9 Other (1) 
 427 5.3 289 4.3 Total commercial construction 7,980 100.0 1 6,683 100.0 24 Geography: Georgia 1,210 15.2 1,059 15.8 Texas 1,120 14.0 956 14.3 23 Florida 1,029 12.9 741 11.1 North Carolina 948 11.9 1 777 11.6 California 466 5.8 512 7.7 Other (2) 
 3,207 40.2 2,638 39.5 1 Total commercial construction 7,980 100.0 1 6,683 100.0 24 
 (1) Represents other remaining property types that are deemed to be individually insignificant. 
 (2) Includes non-U.S. loans of 39 million and 16 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The remainder represents other remaining states that are deemed to be individually insignificant. 
 
 See additional information on the commercial portfolios in Note 5. Loans and ACL, including loans by origination year and credit quality indicator. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 67 

ACL 
 
 Activity related to the ACL is presented in the following tables: Table 14: Activity in ACL Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 (Dollars in millions) Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Mar 31, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 2024 2023 Balance, beginning of period (1) 
 5,110 5,100 5,093 4,970 4,879 5,093 4,649 Provision for credit losses 448 451 500 572 497 1,399 1,537 Charge-offs: Commercial and industrial (96) (83) (97) (110) (98) (276) (280) CRE (65) (97) (103) (48) (77) (265) (118) Commercial construction (5) Residential mortgage (1) (1) (8) (2) (10) Home equity (1) (3) (3) (2) (4) (7) (8) Indirect auto (143) (136) (154) (154) (135) (433) (377) Other consumer (152) (141) (165) (148) (120) (458) (329) Student (108) Credit card (71) (74) (77) (64) (55) (222) (159) Total charge-offs (528) (535) (600) (531) (497) (1,663) (1,389) Recoveries: Commercial and industrial 26 14 32 16 28 72 54 CRE 5 5 7 2 17 3 Commercial construction 1 1 2 2 1 Residential mortgage 1 2 1 1 1 4 5 Home equity 4 4 5 5 7 13 18 Indirect auto 38 30 28 25 25 96 82 Other consumer 26 28 28 21 20 82 57 Credit card 9 9 9 8 9 27 27 Total recoveries 110 93 110 78 92 313 247 Net charge-offs (418) (442) (490) (453) (405) (1,350) (1,142) Other (2) 
 1 (3) 4 (1) (2) (74) Balance, end of period 5,140 5,110 5,100 5,093 4,970 5,140 4,970 ACL: (1) 
 ALLL 4,842 4,808 4,803 4,798 4,693 RUFC 298 302 297 295 277 Total ACL 5,140 5,110 5,100 5,093 4,970 
 (1) Excludes provision for credit losses and allowances related to other financial assets at amortized cost. 
 (2) 2023 includes the impact from the adoption of the Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures accounting standard. 

The allowance for credit losses was 5.1 billion and includes 4.8 billion for the allowance for loan and lease losses and 298 million for the reserve for unfunded commitments. The ALLL ratio was 1.60 , up three basis points compared with June 30, 2024. The ALLL covered nonperforming loans and leases held for investment 3.3X, compared to 3.4x at June 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the ALLL was 2.9X annualized net charge-offs, compared to 2.7X at June 30, 2024. 
 
 68 Truist Financial Corporation 

The following table presents an allocation of the ALLL. The entire amount of the allowance is available to absorb losses occurring in any category of loans and leases. Table 15: Allocation of ALLL by Category September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in millions) Amount ALLL in Each Category Loans in Each Category Amount ALLL in Each Category Loans in Each Category Commercial and industrial 1,317 27.2 50.8 1,404 29.4 51.6 CRE 656 13.5 6.9 616 12.8 7.2 Commercial construction 216 4.5 2.6 174 3.6 2.1 Residential mortgage 196 4.0 17.8 298 6.2 17.8 Home equity 87 1.8 3.2 89 1.9 3.2 Indirect auto 962 19.9 7.4 942 19.6 7.3 Other consumer 986 20.4 9.7 890 18.5 9.2 Credit card 422 8.7 1.6 385 8.0 1.6 Total ALLL 4,842 100.0 100.0 4,798 100.0 100.0 RUFC 298 295 Total ACL 5,140 5,093 
 
 Truist monitors the performance of its home equity loans and lines secured by second liens similarly to other consumer loans and utilizes assumptions specific to these loans in determining the necessary ALLL. Truist also receives notification when the first lien holder, whether Truist or another financial institution, has initiated foreclosure proceedings against the borrower. When notified that the first lien is in the process of foreclosure, Truist obtains valuations to determine if any additional charge-offs or reserves are warranted. These valuations are updated at least annually thereafter. 
 
 Truist has limited ability to monitor the delinquency status of the first lien, unless the first lien is held or serviced by Truist. Truist estimates credit losses on second lien loans where the first lien is delinquent based on historical experience; the increased risk of loss on these credits is reflected in the ALLL. As of September 30, 2024, Truist held or serviced the first lien on 33 of its second lien positions. 

Other Assets 
 
 The components of other assets are presented in the following table: Table 16: Other Assets as of Period End (Dollars in millions) Sep 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Tax credit and other private equity investments 8,665 7,898 Bank-owned life insurance 7,786 7,716 Prepaid pension assets 6,707 6,563 Accrued income 2,114 2,085 Accounts receivable 1,600 997 Leased assets and related assets 1,472 1,647 DTAs, net 1,393 3,037 Derivative assets 1,341 951 Prepaid expenses 1,026 1,083 ROU assets 920 1,057 FHLB stock 780 1,198 Other 1,172 765 Total other assets 34,976 34,997 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 69 

Funding Activities 

Deposits 

The following table presents average deposits: Table 17: Average Deposits Three Months Ended (Dollars in millions) Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Mar 31, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Noninterest-bearing deposits 106,080 107,634 108,888 114,555 118,905 Interest checking 103,899 103,894 103,537 101,722 101,252 Money market and savings 136,639 135,264 134,696 137,464 139,961 Time deposits 37,726 41,250 41,937 41,592 40,920 Total average deposits 384,344 388,042 389,058 395,333 401,038 
 
 Average deposits for the third quarter of 2024 were 384.3 billion, a decrease of 3.7 billion, or 1.0 , compared to the prior quarter. 
 
 Average noninterest-bearing deposits decreased 1.4 compared to the prior quarter and represented 27.6 of total deposits for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 27.7 for the second quarter of 2024. Average time deposits decreased 8.5 . Average money market and savings accounts increased 1.0 . 

Borrowings 

At September 30, 2024, short-term borrowings totaled 20.9 billion, a decrease of 4.0 billion compared to December 31, 2023. Average short-term borrowings were 24.3 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, representing 5.4 and 5.1 of total funding, respectively. 
 
 Long-term debt provides funding and, to a lesser extent, regulatory capital, and primarily consists of senior and subordinated notes issued by the Parent Company and Truist Bank. Long-term debt totaled 36.8 billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 2.1 billion compared to December 31, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had: 
 
 Net redemptions of 2.5 billion of floating rate FHLB advances. 
 Maturities and redemptions of 4.6 billion of senior notes. 
 Issuances of 4.5 billion of fixed-to-floating rate senior notes with interest rates between 5.15 and 5.71 due from January 24, 2030 to January 24, 2035. 

Shareholders Equity 
 
 Truist s book value per common share and TBVPS are presented in the following table: Table 18: Book Value per Common Share (Dollars in millions, except per share data, shares in thousands) Sep 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Common equity per common share 44.46 39.31 Non-GAAP capital measure: (1) 
 Tangible common equity per common share 30.64 21.83 Calculation of tangible common equity: (1) 
 Total shareholders equity 65,696 59,253 Less: Preferred stock 6,673 6,673 Noncontrolling interests 152 Goodwill and intangible assets, net of deferred taxes 18,350 23,306 Tangible common equity 40,673 29,122 Common shares outstanding at end of period 1,327,521 1,333,743 
 (1) Tangible common equity is a non-GAAP measure that excludes the impact of intangible assets, net of deferred taxes. This measure is useful for evaluating the performance of a business consistently, whether acquired or developed internally. Truist s management uses this measure to assess balance sheet risk and shareholder value. 
 
 Total shareholders equity was 65.7 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 6.4 billion from December 31, 2023. This increase was driven by 5.6 billion in OCI and net income of 3.6 billion, partially offset by 2.4 billion in common and preferred dividends and 503 million in share repurchases, including excise taxes. For the third quarter of 2024, the dividend payout ratio was 52 , and the total payout ratio was 90 . Truist s book value per common share at September 30, 2024 was 44.46, compared to 39.31 at December 31, 2023. Truist s TBVPS was 30.64 at September 30, 2024, compared to 21.83 at December 31, 2023 with the increase driven by the sale of TIH. 
 70 Truist Financial Corporation 

In November 2024, the Company announced the forthcoming redemption of all outstanding shares of its perpetual preferred stock series L and the corresponding depositary shares representing fractional interests in such series for 750 million. 

Risk Management 
 
 Truist seeks to maintain a comprehensive risk management framework supported by people, processes, and systems to identify, measure, monitor, manage, and report significant risks arising from its exposures and business activities. A key objective of the Company s risk management framework is to promote the execution of business strategies and objectives in alignment with its risk appetite. 
 
 Truist has developed a risk taxonomy designed to facilitate internal risk measurement and monitoring and help the business lines and enterprise functions assess the level of potential risk generated by their activities. 
 
 Truist is committed to fostering a culture that supports identification and escalation of risks across the organization. All teammates are responsible for upholding the Company s purpose, mission, and values, and are encouraged to speak up if there is any activity or behavior that is inconsistent with the Company s culture. The Truist code of ethics guides the Company s decision making and informs teammates on how to act in the absence of specific guidance. 
 
 Truist seeks an appropriate return for the risk taken in its business operations. Risk-taking activities must be evaluated and prioritized to identify those that present attractive risk-adjusted returns, while preserving asset value and capital. 
 
 Truist s compensation plans are designed to consider teammates adherence to and successful implementation of Truist s risk values and associated policies and procedures. The Company s compensation structure is designed to support its core values and sound risk management practices in an effort to promote judicious risk-taking behavior. 

Market Risk 
 
 Market risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, or economic value arising from changes in the market value of portfolios, securities, or other financial instruments. Market risk results from changes in the level, volatility, or correlations among financial market risk factors or prices, including interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, equity, and commodity prices. 
 
 Truist s most significant market risk exposure is to interest rate risk in its balance sheet; however, market risk also results from underlying product liquidity risk, price risk, and volatility risk in Truist s business units. Interest rate risk results from differences between the timing of rate changes and the timing of cash flows associated with assets and liabilities (re-pricing risk); from changing rate relationships among different yield curves affecting bank activities (basis risk); from changing rate relationships across the spectrum of maturities (yield curve risk); and from interest-related options inherently embedded in bank products (options risk). 
 
 The primary objectives of market risk management are to minimize adverse effects from changes in market risk factors on net interest income, net income, and capital, and to offset the risk of price changes for certain assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. At Truist, market risk management also includes the enterprise-wide IPV function. 
 
 Interest Rate Market Risk 
 
 As a financial institution, Truist is exposed to interest rate risk from assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet positions. Truist primarily monitors this risk through two measurement types, (i) NII at risk and (ii) economic value of equity, and manages this risk with securities, derivatives, and broader asset liability management activities. 
 
 IRR measurement is reported monthly through the ALCO. Monthly IRR reporting includes exposure and historical trends relative to risk limit scenarios, impacts to a wide range of rate scenarios, and sensitivity tests of key assumptions. IRR reporting is provided to the BRC monthly and reviews of varying IRR topics are performed quarterly. 
 
 IRR measurement is influenced by data, assumptions, and models. Due to their high sensitivity to market rates, mortgage (loan and security) prepayments leverage an industry model that results in varying prepayment speeds across rate scenarios. Prepayments for non-mortgage loans leverage a mix of dynamic models and static prepayment assumptions based on historical experience. Interest-bearing-deposit rate paid is projected to move at a ratio (deposit beta) of market rates, primarily the Federal Funds Rate, aligned to historical experience. 
 
 Truist uses derivatives to hedge interest income variability of floating rate loans and to hedge valuation changes of long-term debt and investment securities. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 71 

NII at risk measures the change in NII under alternate interest rate scenarios relative to Truist s baseline scenario, which incorporates Truist s current balance sheet and off-balance sheet hedges as well as expectations for new business over the forecast horizon. Truist s baseline scenario relies on assumptions including expectations of the economy and interest rates which are influenced by market conditions, new business volume, pricing, and customer behavior. In measuring NII at risk, Truist assumes that changes in key factors, such as prepayments and deposit pricing (betas), largely move in line with those it has experienced in prior rate cycles. However, future behavior of key factors may vary from those used in this measurement. NII at risk measurement assumes, when applicable, that U.S. interest rates floor at zero and Truist does not take any balance sheet or hedging actions in response to the rate scenarios. 
 
 Truist evaluates a wide range of alternate scenarios including instantaneous and gradual as well as parallel and non-parallel changes in interest rates. The table below presents the estimated change to NII over the following 12 months for select parallel alternate scenarios, expressed as a percentage change relative to baseline NII. Table 19: Interest Sensitivity Simulation Analysis Sep 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Up 200bps gradual change in interest rates (2.5) (1.5) Up 50bps instantaneous change in interest rates (0.6) (0.4) Down 50bps instantaneous change in interest rates 
 0.3 (0.1) Down 200bps gradual change in interest rates 
 0.0 (0.3) 
 
 Estimated changes to NII in the table above assume no change in deposit balances or mix relative to the baseline scenario. In increasing interest rate scenarios, rotation from non-interest-bearing into interest bearing deposits would reduce NII. Conversely, in decreasing interest rate scenarios, rotation from higher yielding to lower yielding deposits would benefit net interest income. Truist performs and monitors sensitivity tests of deposit and other key assumptions used in NII risk including: 
 
 Asset prepayment speeds 
 New loan volume pricing spreads 
 Interest-bearing deposit betas 
 Non-interest-bearing demand deposit balance runoff, replaced by market funding 
 
 EVE measures changes in the economic value of Truist s current balance sheet and off-balance sheet hedges under alternate rate scenarios relative to starting economic value. Truist uses EVE as a longer-term measure of interest rate risk. Truist performs and monitors sensitivity tests of key assumptions used in EVE including: 
 
 Asset prepayment speeds 
 Mortgage spreads (mortgage loan and security valuations) 
 Interest-bearing deposit beta 
 Deposit runoff / decay 
 
 Key assumption tests are generally performed by increasing and decreasing the assumption, whether static or dynamically modeled, relative to their respective starting values and then measuring the resulting impact to NII and EVE under baseline and alternate rate scenarios. 
 
 The identification and testing of key assumptions are influenced by market conditions and management views of key risks. The results of key assumption sensitivity tests are reported to ALCO and BRC at least quarterly. The inventory of key assumptions and their associated sensitivity tests are reviewed with ALCO and BRC at least annually. 
 
 Market Risk from Trading Activities 
 
 As a financial intermediary, Truist provides its clients access to derivatives, foreign exchange, and securities markets, which generate market risks. Trading market risk is managed using a multi-faceted risk management approach, which includes measuring risk using VaR, stress testing, and sensitivity analysis. Risk metrics are monitored against a suite of limits on a daily basis at both the trading desk level and at the aggregate portfolio level. 
 
 Truist is also subject to risk-based capital guidelines for market risk under the Market Risk Rule. 
 
 72 Truist Financial Corporation 

Covered Trading Positions 
 
 Covered positions subject to the Market Risk Rule include trading assets and liabilities, specifically those held for the purpose of short-term resale or with the intent of benefiting from actual or expected short-term price movements or to lock in arbitrage profits. Truist s trading portfolio of covered positions results primarily from market making and underwriting services for the Company s clients, as well as associated risk mitigating hedging activity. The trading portfolio, measured in terms of VaR, consists primarily of four sub-portfolios of covered positions: (i) credit trading, (ii) fixed income securities, (iii) interest rate derivatives, and (iv) equity derivatives. As a market maker across different asset classes, Truist s trading portfolio also contains other sub-portfolios, including foreign exchange, loan trading, and commodity derivatives; however, these portfolios do not generate material trading risk exposures. 
 
 Valuation policies and methodologies exist for all trading positions. Additionally, these positions are subject to independent price verification. See Note 16. Derivative Financial Instruments, Note 15. Fair Value Disclosures, and Critical Accounting Policies herein for discussion of valuation policies and methodologies. 
 
 Securitizations 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate market value of on-balance sheet securitization positions subject to the Market Risk Rule, which were non-agency asset backed securities positions, was 127 million. Consistent with the Market Risk Rule requirements, the Company performs pre-purchase due diligence on each securitization position to identify the characteristics including deal structure and the asset quality of the underlying assets, that materially affect valuation and performance. Securitization positions are subject to Truist s comprehensive risk management framework, which includes daily monitoring against a suite of limits. There were no off-balance sheet securitization positions during the reporting period. 
 
 Correlation Trading Positions 
 
 The trading portfolio of covered positions did not contain any correlation trading positions as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 VaR-Based Measures 
 
 VaR measures the potential loss of a given position or portfolio of positions at a specified confidence level and time horizon. Truist utilizes a historical VaR methodology to measure and aggregate risks across its covered trading positions. For risk management purposes, the VaR calculation is based on a historical simulation approach and measures the potential trading losses using a one-day holding period at a one-tail, 99 confidence level. For Market Risk Rule purposes, the Company calculates VaR using a 10-day holding period and a 99 confidence level. Due to inherent limitations of the VaR methodology, such as the assumption that past market behavior is indicative of future market performance, VaR is only one of several tools used to measure and manage market risk. Other tools used to manage market risk include stress testing, scenario analysis, and stop loss limits. 
 
 The trading portfolio s VaR profile is influenced by a variety of factors, including the size and composition of the portfolio, market volatility, and the correlation between different positions. A portfolio of trading positions is typically less risky than the sum of the risk from each of the individual sub-portfolios, because, under normal market conditions, risk within each category partially offsets the exposure to other risk categories. The following table summarizes certain VaR-based measures for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Table 20: VaR-based Measures Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) 10-Day Holding Period 1-Day Holding Period 10-Day Holding Period 1-Day Holding Period 10-Day Holding Period 1-Day Holding Period 10-Day Holding Period 1-Day Holding Period VaR-based Measures: Maximum 28 10 22 9 28 12 24 9 Average 21 6 18 7 21 7 17 6 Minimum 12 4 15 5 12 4 10 4 Period-end 22 6 17 7 22 6 17 7 VaR by Risk Class: Interest Rate Risk 7 6 7 6 Credit Spread Risk 9 6 9 6 Equity Price Risk 4 4 4 4 Foreign Exchange Risk 1 1 Portfolio Diversification (15) (10) (15) (10) Period-end 6 6 6 6 
 Truist Financial Corporation 73 

Stressed VaR-based measures 
 
 Stressed VaR, another component of market risk capital, is calculated using the same internal models as used for the VaR-based measure. Stressed VaR is calculated over a ten-day holding period at a one-tail, 99 confidence level and employs a historical simulation approach based on a continuous twelve-month historical window selected to reflect a period of significant financial stress for the Company s trading portfolio. The following table summarizes Stressed VaR-based measures: Table 21: Stressed VaR-based Measures - 10 Day Holding Period Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Maximum 198 130 209 130 Average 151 85 137 61 Minimum 114 44 69 25 Period-end 173 119 173 119 
 
 Compared to the same period of prior year, Stressed VaR measures were higher, primarily due to higher market making inventory. 
 
 Specific Risk Measures 
 
 Specific risk is a measure of idiosyncratic risk that could result from risk factors other than broad market movements (e.g., default or event risks). The Market Risk Rule provides fixed risk weights under a standardized measurement method while also allowing a model-based approach, subject to regulatory approval. Truist utilizes the standardized measurement method to calculate the specific risk component of market risk regulatory capital. As such, incremental risk capital requirements do not apply. 
 
 VaR Model Backtesting 
 
 In accordance with the Market Risk Rule, the Company evaluates the accuracy of its VaR model through daily backtesting by comparing aggregate daily trading gains and losses (excluding fees, commissions, reserves, net interest income, and intraday trading) from covered positions with the corresponding daily VaR-based measures generated by the model. As illustrated in the following graph, there were no Company-wide VaR backtesting exceptions during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024. The total number of Company-wide VaR backtesting exceptions over the preceding twelve months is used to determine the multiplication factor for the VaR-based capital requirement under the Market Risk Rule. The capital multiplication factor increases from a minimum of three to a maximum of four, depending on the number of exceptions. All Company-wide VaR backtesting exceptions are thoroughly reviewed in the context of VaR model use and performance. There was no change in the capital multiplication factor over the preceding twelve months. 
 
 74 Truist Financial Corporation 

Model Risk Oversight 
 
 MRO is responsible for the independent model validation of all decision models including trading market risk models. As part of ongoing monitoring efforts, the performance of all trading risk models is reviewed regularly to evaluate model performance with emerging developments in financial markets, assess evolving modeling approaches, and identify potential model enhancement. 
 
 Stress Testing 
 
 The Company uses a range of stress testing techniques to help monitor risks across trading desks and to augment standard daily VaR and other risk limits reporting. The stress testing framework is designed to quantify the impact of extreme, but plausible, stress scenarios that could lead to large, unexpected losses. Stress tests include simulations for risk factor sensitivities, historical repeats, and hypothetical scenarios with varying liquidity horizons of key risk factors. All trading positions within each applicable market risk category (interest rate risk, equity risk, foreign exchange rate risk, credit spread risk, and commodity price risk) are included in the Company s stress testing framework. Management reviews stress testing scenarios and makes updates on an ongoing basis. Management also utilizes stress analyses to support the Company s capital adequacy assessment standards. See the Capital section of MD A for additional discussion of capital adequacy. 

Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity represents the continuing ability to meet funding needs, including deposit withdrawals, repayment of borrowings and other liabilities, and funding of loan commitments. In addition to the level of liquid assets, such as cash, cash equivalents, and highly liquid unencumbered securities, other factors affect the ability to meet liquidity needs, including access to a variety of funding sources, maintaining borrowing capacity, growing core deposits, loan repayment, and the ability to securitize or package loans for sale. 
 
 Truist monitors the ability to meet client and counterparty demand for funds and collateral under both normal and stressed market conditions. In considering its liquidity position, management evaluates Truist s funding mix based on client core funding, client rate-sensitive funding, and national markets funding. In addition, management evaluates exposure to rate-sensitive funding sources that mature in one year or less. Management also measures liquidity needs for up to one-year of stressed cash outflows for Truist and Truist Bank. Management maintains a liquid asset buffer of cash on hand and highly liquid unencumbered securities that is designed to meet projected 30 days of stressed cash outflows. 
 
 Internal Liquidity Stress Testing 
 
 Liquidity stress testing is conducted for Truist and Truist Bank using a variety of institution-specific and market-wide adverse scenarios. Each liquidity stress test scenario applies defined assumptions to execute sources and uses of liquidity over varying planning horizons. The types of expected liquidity uses during a stressed event may include deposit attrition, contractual maturities, reductions in unsecured and secured funding, and increased draws on unfunded commitments. To mitigate liquidity outflows, Truist has identified sources of liquidity; however, access to these sources of liquidity could be affected within a stressed environment. 
 
 Truist maintains a liquidity buffer of cash on hand and highly liquid unencumbered securities that is designed to meet the projected 30-day net stressed cash-flow needs. Truist s liquidity buffer is substantially the same in composition to what qualifies as HQLA under the LCR Rule. 
 
 Contingency Funding Plan 
 
 Truist has a contingency funding plan designed to address ongoing obligations and commitments, particularly in the event of a liquidity contraction. This plan is designed to examine and quantify the organization s liquidity under the various internal liquidity stress scenarios and is periodically tested to assess the plan s reliability. Additionally, the plan provides a framework for management and other teammates to follow in the event of a liquidity contraction or in anticipation of such an event. The plan addresses authority for activation and decision making, liquidity options, and the responsibilities of key departments in the event of a liquidity contraction. 
 
 LCR, NSFR, and HQLA 
 
 The LCR rule requires that Truist and Truist Bank maintain an amount of eligible HQLA that is sufficient within the parameters of the rule to meet their estimated total net cash outflows over a prospective 30 calendar-day period of stress. Eligible HQLA, for purposes of calculating the LCR, is the amount of unencumbered HQLA that satisfy operational requirements of the LCR rule. Truist and Truist Bank are subject to the Category III reduced LCR requirements. Truist held average weighted eligible HQLA of 84.4 billion and Truist s average LCR was 112 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 75 

The NSFR rule defines a minimum amount of stable, long-term funding that Truist and Truist Bank maintain in relation to their asset composition and off-balance sheet activities. Truist and Truist Bank are subject to the Category III reduced NSFR requirements. At September 30, 2024, Truist was compliant with this requirement. 
 
 Sources of Funds 
 
 Management believes current sources of liquidity are sufficient to meet Truist s on- and off-balance sheet obligations. Truist funds its balance sheet through diverse sources of funding including client deposits, secured and unsecured capital markets funding, and shareholders equity. Truist Bank s primary source of funding is client deposits. Continued access to client deposits is highly dependent on public confidence in the stability of Truist Bank and its ability to return funds to clients when requested. 
 
 Truist Bank maintains a number of diverse funding sources to meet its liquidity requirements. These sources include unsecured borrowings from the capital markets through the issuance of senior or subordinated bank notes, institutional CDs, overnight and term Federal funds markets, and retail brokered CDs. Truist Bank also maintains access to secured borrowing sources including FHLB advances, repurchase agreements, and the FRB discount window. Available investment securities could be pledged to create additional secured borrowing capacity. The following table presents a summary of Truist Bank s available secured borrowing capacity and eligible cash at the FRB: 
 
 Table 22: Selected Liquidity Sources (Dollars in millions) Sep 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Unused borrowing capacity: FRB 73,663 55,252 FHLB 36,689 24,712 Available investment securities (after haircuts) 
 72,300 74,717 Available secured borrowing capacity 182,652 154,681 Eligible cash at the FRB 34,222 25,085 Total 216,874 179,766 
 
 At September 30, 2024, Truist Bank s available secured borrowing capacity represented approximately 5.7 times the amount of wholesale funding maturities in one-year or less. 
 
 Parent Company 
 
 The Parent Company serves as the primary source of capital for the operating subsidiaries. The Parent Company s assets consist primarily of cash on deposit with Truist Bank, equity investments in subsidiaries, advances to subsidiaries, and notes receivable from subsidiaries. The principal obligations of the Parent Company are payments on long-term debt. The main sources of funds for the Parent Company are dividends and management fees from subsidiaries, repayments of advances to subsidiaries, and proceeds from the issuance of equity and long-term debt. The primary uses of funds by the Parent Company are investments in subsidiaries, advances to subsidiaries, dividend payments to common and preferred shareholders, repurchases of common stock, and payments on and, from time-to-time, potential repurchases or redemptions of a portion of an outstanding tranche of the long-term debt of the Parent Company (as may be permitted by the terms of each respective series). See Note 22. Parent Company Financial Information in Truist s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information regarding dividends from subsidiaries and debt transactions. 
 
 Access to funding at the Parent Company is more sensitive to market disruptions. Therefore, Truist seeks to manage cash levels at the Parent Company to cover a minimum of one year of projected cash outflows which includes unfunded external commitments, debt service, common and preferred dividends, and scheduled debt maturities, without the benefit of any new cash inflows from subsidiary dividends to the Parent or capital market activity. Truist seeks to maintain a significant buffer above the projected one year of cash outflows. In determining the buffer, Truist considers cash requirements for common and preferred dividends, unfunded commitments to affiliates, serving as a source of strength to Truist Bank, and being able to withstand sustained market disruptions that could limit access to the capital markets. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Parent Company had 56 months and 48 months, respectively, of cash on hand to satisfy projected cash outflows, and 33 months and 30 months, respectively, when including the payment of common stock dividends. 
 
 76 Truist Financial Corporation 

Credit Ratings 
 
 Credit ratings are forward-looking opinions of rating agencies as to the Company s ability to meet its financial commitments and repay its securities and obligations in accordance with their terms of issuance. Credit ratings influence both borrowing costs and access to the capital markets. The Company s credit ratings are continuously monitored by the rating agencies and are subject to change at any time. As Truist seeks to maintain high-quality credit ratings, management meets with the major rating agencies on a regular basis to provide financial and business updates and to discuss current outlooks and trends. See Item 1A, Risk Factors in Truist s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information regarding factors that influence credit ratings and potential risks that could materialize in the event of downgrade in the Company s credit ratings. Changes in the Company s credit ratings and outlooks during 2024 include: 
 
 On May 8, 2024, Moody s Ratings downgraded the Parent Company s long-term senior unsecured rating to Baa1 from A3 and Truist Bank s baseline credit assessment to a3 from a2 and long-term deposits rating to A1 from Aa3. In addition, Truist Bank s short-term deposit rating was affirmed at Prime-1. Ratings outlooks for both the Parent Company and Truist Bank were changed to stable. 

Capital 
 
 The maintenance of appropriate levels of capital is a management priority and is monitored on a regular basis. Truist s principal goals related to the maintenance of capital are to provide adequate capital to support Truist s risk profile consistent with the Board-approved risk appetite, provide financial flexibility to support future growth and client needs, comply with relevant laws, regulations, and supervisory guidance, achieve optimal credit ratings for Truist, for the Parent Company to remain a source of strength for the Parent Company s subsidiaries, and provide a competitive return to shareholders. Risk-based capital ratios, which include CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital, and Total capital are calculated based on regulatory guidance related to the measurement of capital and risk-weighted assets. 
 
 Management regularly monitors the capital position of Truist on both a consolidated and bank-level basis. In this regard, management s objective is to maintain capital at levels that are in excess of internal capital limits, which are above the regulatory well-capitalized minimums. Truist also regularly performs stress testing on its capital levels and is required to periodically submit the Company s capital plans and stress testing results to the banking regulators. Management has implemented internal stress capital ratio minimums that serve as limits which are measured under internally-developed stress testing scenarios to evaluate whether capital ratios calculated under hypothetical stress, and after the effect of alternative capital actions, are likely to remain above internal stressed minimums. Breaches of internal capital limits or projected breaches of internal stress capital ratio minimums under hypothetical stress result in activation of Truist s capital contingency plan. Table 23: Capital Requirements Minimum Capital Well-Capitalized Minimum Capital Plus Stress Capital Buffer (1) 
 Truist Truist Bank CET1 
 4.5 NA 6.5 7.4 Tier 1 capital 6.0 6.0 8.0 8.9 Total capital 8.0 10.0 10.0 10.9 Leverage ratio 4.0 NA 5.0 NA Supplementary leverage ratio 3.0 NA NA NA 
 (1) Reflects Truist s SCB requirement, received in the 2023 CCAR process, of 2.9 applicable from October 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024. Beginning on October 1, 2024, through September 30, 2025, Truist will be subject to a 2.8 SCB received in the 2024 CCAR process. 
 
 Truist completed the 2024 CCAR process and received a SCB requirement of 2.8 for the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, down 10 basis points from the SCB requirement for the period October 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024. 
 
 The FRB s capital plan rule provides that a BHC must update and resubmit its capital plan if the BHC determines there has been or will be a material change in its risk profile, financial condition, or corporate structure since it last submitted the capital plan. Truist determined that the sale of our remaining equity interests in TIH constituted such a material change and, therefore, addressed the material change in our capital plan submitted in April 2024. The capital plan rule further provides that, upon the occurrence of an event requiring resubmission, a BHC may not make any capital distribution unless it has received prior approval of the FRB pending the FRB's consideration of the capital plan resubmission and stress capital buffer requirement. In July 2024, the FRB notified Truist that Truist is no longer required to receive the FRB s prior approval to make capital distributions in connection with the April 2024 capital plan submission. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 77 

Truist s capital ratios are presented in the following table: Table 24: Capital Ratios - Truist Financial Corporation (Dollars in millions) Sep 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Risk-based: (preliminary) CET1 11.6 10.1 Tier 1 capital 13.2 11.6 Total capital 15.3 13.7 Leverage ratio 10.8 9.3 Supplementary leverage ratio 9.1 7.9 Risk-weighted assets 415,188 423,705 

Capital ratios remained strong compared to the regulatory requirements for well capitalized banks. Truist s CET1 ratio was 11.6 as of September 30, 2024, flat compared to June 30, 2024 as current quarter earnings were partially offset by dividends and share repurchases. 
 
 Truist declared common dividends of 0.52 per share during the third quarter of 2024 and repurchased 500 million of common stock. For the third quarter of 2024, the dividend payout ratio was 52 , and the total payout ratio was 90 . 

Share Repurchase Activity 
 
 Table 25: Share Repurchase Activity (Dollars in millions, except per share data, shares in thousands) Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share (2)(3) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as part of Publicly Announced Plans Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Plans (3)(4) 
 July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 5,000 August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 9,121 42.49 9,121 4,613 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 2,564 43.88 2,564 4,500 Total 11,685 42.79 11,685 
 (1) Includes shares exchanged or surrendered in connection with the exercise of equity-based awards under equity-based compensation plans. 
 (2) Excludes commissions. 
 (3) Excludes excise taxes on share repurchases. 
 (4) In June 2024, Truist announced that the Board had authorized the repurchase of up to 5.0 billion of common stock beginning in the third quarter of 2024 through 2026 as part of Truist s overall capital distribution strategy. Repurchased shares revert to the status of authorized and unissued shares upon repurchase. The share-repurchase program enables Truist to acquire shares through open-market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans and other programs, at the discretion of management and on terms (including quantity, timing, and price) that management determines to be advisable. Actions in connection with the share-repurchase program will be subject to various factors, including Truist's capital and liquidity positions and related internal frameworks, accounting and regulatory considerations (including any restrictions that may be imposed by the FRB and any changes to capital, liquidity, and other regulatory requirements that may be proposed or adopted by the U.S. banking agencies), Truist's financial and operational performance, alternative uses of capital, the trading price of Truist's common stock, and general market conditions. The share-repurchase program does not obligate Truist to acquire a specific dollar amount or number of shares and may be extended, modified, or discontinued at any time. At September 30, 2024, Truist had remaining authorization to repurchase up to 4.5 billion of common stock under the Board approved repurchase plan. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 The accounting and reporting policies of Truist are in accordance with GAAP and conform to the accounting and reporting guidelines prescribed by bank regulatory authorities. Truist s financial position and results of operations are affected by management s application of accounting policies, including estimates, assumptions, and judgments made to arrive at the carrying value of assets and liabilities, and amounts reported for revenues and expenses. Different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes in the consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations, and related disclosures. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change include the determination of the ACL; determination of fair value for securities, MSRs, LHFS, trading loans, and derivative assets and liabilities; goodwill and other intangible assets; income taxes; and pension and postretirement benefit obligations. Understanding Truist s accounting policies is fundamental to understanding the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations. The critical accounting policies are discussed in MD A in Truist s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Significant accounting policies and changes in accounting principles and effects of new accounting pronouncements are discussed in Note 1. Basis of Presentation in Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Disclosures regarding the effects of new accounting pronouncements are included in Note 1. Basis of Presentation in this report. There have been no other changes to the critical accounting policies during 2024. 
 
 78 Truist Financial Corporation 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
 Effective January 1, 2024, several business activities were realigned reflecting updates to the Company s operating structure. First, the CB W segment was renamed CSBB and the C CB segment was renamed WB. Second, the Wealth business was realigned into the WB segment from the CSBB segment, representing a separate reporting unit in that segment. Third, the small business banking client segmentation was realigned into the CSBB segment from the WB segment. Further, TIH was the principal legal entity of the IH segment. As the operations of TIH were included in discontinued operations prior to the sale of TIH, the Company no longer presents the IH segment as one of its reportable segments. Following these realignments, the Company s three reporting units with goodwill balances were CSBB, WB, and Wealth. Also in conjunction with these realignments, goodwill of 1.7 billion was realigned to WB from CSBB based on the relative fair value of CSBB and Wealth, and goodwill of 220 million was realigned to CSBB from WB based on the relative fair value of WB and the realigned small business banking client segmentation. In addition, the Company completed an assessment of any potential goodwill impairment for all impacted reporting units immediately prior and subsequent to the reassignments and determined that no impairment existed. 
 
 The quantitative valuations of these reporting units for purposes of realigning goodwill use the income approach and a market-based approach, each weighted at 50 . The inputs and assumptions specific to each reporting unit are incorporated in the valuations, including projections of future cash flows, discount rates, and applicable valuation multiples based on the comparable public company information. The income approach utilizes a discounted cash flow analysis of multi-year financial forecasts developed for each reporting unit by considering several inputs and assumptions such as net interest margin, expected credit losses, noninterest income, noninterest expense, and required capital. The market-based approach utilizes comparable public company information, key valuation multiples, and considers a market control premium associated with cost synergies and other cash flow benefits that arise from obtaining control over a reporting unit, and guideline transactions, when applicable. 
 
 Truist also assesses the reasonableness of the aggregate estimated fair value of the reporting units by comparison to its market capitalization over a reasonable period of time, including consideration of expected acquirer expense synergies, historic bank control premiums, and the current market. 
 
 The projection of net interest margin and noninterest expense are the most significant inputs to the financial projections of the CSBB, WB, and Wealth reporting units. The long-term growth rate used in determining the terminal value of each reporting unit was 3 as of January 1, 2024, based on management s assessment of the minimum expected terminal growth rate of each reporting unit. Discount rates are estimated based on the Capital Asset Pricing Model, which considers the risk-free interest rate, market risk premium, beta, and unsystematic risk adjustments specific to a particular reporting unit. The discount rates are also calibrated based on risks related to the projected cash flows of each reporting unit. The discount rates utilized for the CSBB, WB and Wealth reporting units as of January 1, 2024 were 13.0 , 11.5 , and 12.5 , respectively. 
 
 The quantitative valuation of WB performed in conjunction with the goodwill realignments indicated that as of January 1, 2024, the fair value of the WB reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by less than 10 , indicating that the goodwill of the WB reporting unit may be at risk of impairment. Circumstances that could negatively impact the fair value for the WB reporting unit in the future include a sustained decrease in Truist s stock price, a decline in industry peer multiples, an increase in the applicable discount rate, and deterioration in the reporting unit s forecast. 
 
 The estimated fair value of a reporting unit is highly sensitive to changes in management s estimates and assumptions; therefore, in some instances, changes in these assumptions could impact whether the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying value. The valuation of the WB reporting unit as of January 1, 2024 indicated that if the discount rate were increased less than 50 basis points, the reporting unit s fair value would be less than its carrying value, resulting in a goodwill impairment. Ultimately, future potential changes in management s assumptions may impact the estimated fair value of a reporting unit and cause the fair value of the reporting unit to be below its carrying value. Additionally, a reporting unit s carrying value could change based on market conditions, change in the underlying makeup of the reporting unit, or the risk profile of those reporting units, which could impact whether the fair value of a reporting unit is less than carrying value. 
 
 The Company monitored events and circumstances during the period from January 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024, including macroeconomic and market factors, industry and banking sector events, Truist specific performance indicators, a comparison of management s forecast and assumptions to those used in its January 1, 2024 quantitative valuations associated with the realignments of goodwill, and the sensitivity of the January 1, 2024 quantitative results to changes in assumptions as of September 30, 2024. Based on these considerations, Truist concluded that it was not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of one or more of its reporting units is below its respective carrying amount as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 79 

Pension and Postretirement Benefit Obligations 
 
 Following the sale of TIH, Truist retained the postretirement benefit obligation for TIH employees and changed the status of TIH employees by eliminating their eligibility to earn future service credits. Changes in pension plan obligations associated with the disposal of operating segments such as TIH require the remeasurement of postretirement benefit obligations prior to the disposal, updates to pension plan assumptions inherent in valuations, and identification and recognition of valuation changes specific to the sale, including the establishment of a new periodic service cost using assumptions as of the remeasurement date. The remeasurement process of impacted pension plans included a reduction in pension benefit obligations of 783 million and a loss on plan assets of 834 million, primarily driven by an increase in the weighted average assumed discount rate from 5.12 to 5.78 , and a decrease in the value of plan assets by 508 million, primarily driven by market prices. The impact of the sale on Truist pension plans resulted in a reduction of pension benefit obligations by 97 million which was recorded as a reduction of AOCI. 
 
 Refer to Note 15. Benefit Plans in Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Note 13. Benefit Plans for disclosures related to the benefit plans. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management of the Company, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s CEO and CFO, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by the report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of Truist is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 80 Truist Financial Corporation 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Refer to the Legal Proceedings and Other Matters section in Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies, which is incorporated by reference into this item. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Truist s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to Truist or that management has deemed to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect Truist s business, financial condition, or operating results. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Refer to the Share Repurchase Activity section in the MD A, which is incorporated by reference into this item. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

(a) On November 1, 2024, Truist announced that it will redeem all outstanding shares of its Series L Perpetual Preferred Stock Series L Preferred Stock and the corresponding depositary shares representing fractional interests in the Series L Preferred Stock Series L Depositary Shares for 750 million. 
 
 The Series L Depositary Shares (CUSIP: 89832QAB5), each representing a 1/100th interest in a share of Series L Preferred Stock, will be redeemed simultaneously with the redemption of the Series L Preferred Stock, in each case at a redemption price of 1,000 per depositary share (equivalent to 100,000 per share of preferred stock) plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to the redemption date. All 7,500 outstanding shares of the Series L Preferred Stock and all 750,000 outstanding Series L Depositary Shares will be redeemed on the dividend payment date of December 16, 2024. 
 
 Regular quarterly dividends on the outstanding shares of the Series L Preferred Stock and the Series L Depositary Shares will be paid separately to holders of record as of November 8, 2024 in the customary manner. On and after the redemption date, all dividends on the shares of Series L Preferred Stock and the Series L Depositary Shares will cease to accrue. 

Truist Financial Corporation 81 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description Location 2.1 Equity Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2024, by and among Trident Butterfly Investor, Inc., Panther Blocker I, Inc., Panther Blocker II, Inc., Truist Bank, Truist TIH Holdings, Inc., Truist TIH Partners, Inc., TIH Management Holdings, LLC, TIH Management Holdings II, LLC and Truist Insurance Holdings, LLC. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 20, 2024. 
 2.2 Amendment No. 1 to Equity Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2024, by and among Trident Butterfly Investor, Inc., Panther Blocker I, Inc., Panther Blocker II, Inc., Truist Bank, Truist TIH Holdings, Inc., Truist TIH Partners, Inc., TIH Management Holdings, LLC, TIH Management Holdings II, LLC and Truist Insurance Holdings, LLC Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 10, 2024. 
 10.1 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the Truist Financial Corporation 2022 Incentive Plan. Filed herewith. 
 10.2 
 Form of LTIP Award Agreement for the Truist Financial Corporation 2022 Incentive Plan. Filed herewith. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. Filed herewith. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. Filed herewith. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. Filed herewith. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 
 Filed herewith. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. Filed herewith. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase. Filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits101). Filed herewith. Management compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 82 Truist Financial Corporation 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 (Registrant) 
 Date: November 1, 2024 By: /s/ Michael B. Maguire Michael B. Maguire Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: November 1, 2024 By: /s/ Cynthia B. Powell Cynthia B. Powell Executive Vice President and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 83 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101rsuagreement.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 2022 INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 (Performance-Based Vesting Component) 
 
 (Senior Executive) 
 
 Name of Participant Name Grant Date Grant Date Shares Number of Shares Granted Vesting Schedule Quantity Vesting Vesting Date Quantity Vesting Vesting Date Quantity Vesting Vesting Date Delivery Schedule On Vesting 
 THIS AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), effective as of the Grant Date noted above, between TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a North Carolina corporation TFC ), for itself and its Affiliates (referred to both collectively and individually as the TFC Group ), and Name , an Employee (the Participant ), is made pursuant to and subject to the provisions of the Truist Financial Corporation 2022 Incentive Plan, as it may be amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 In consideration of the foregoing, of the mutual promises set forth below and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, THE PARTIES, INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND, AGREE AS FOLLOWS 
 1. Incorporation of Plan . The rights and duties of the TFC Group and the Participant under this Agreement will in all respects be subject to and governed by the provisions of the Plan, the terms of which also are incorporated into this Agreement by reference. If there is a conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan will govern. Unless otherwise provided, capitalized terms in this Agreement have the same definitions as set forth in the Plan. 
 2. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . TFC grants the Participant an award of Restricted Stock Units (the Award for the number of whole shares specified above (the Shares of TFC Common Stock, 5.00 par value per share Common Stock ). Prior to distribution of the Shares under the Award, the Award will represent an unsecured obligation of TFC, payable (if at all) only from TFC s general assets. 
 1 

3. Vesting of Award . The Award is unvested at grant. Subject to the terms of this Agreement (including Sections 4 and 5), portions of the Award will vest on the vesting dates set forth above (the Vesting Dates The Award is vested at grant . Vesting does not mean that the participant has a non-forfeitable right to the vested portion of the Award. The terms of this Agreement, including Sections 5 and 21, continue to apply to the Award. The Administrator has sole authority to determine whether and to what degree the Award has vested, been earned, and is payable, and to interpret the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. 
 4. Forfeiture of Award. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 4, if the Participant s employment with the TFC Group terminates for any reason prior to the end of the Vesting Date, then the Award, to the extent not vested as of the Participant s termination of employment date, will be forfeited immediately upon such termination, and the Participant will have no further rights with respect to the Award. The Administrator will have sole discretion to determine if a Participant s rights have terminated, including the authority to determine the basis for the Participant s termination of employment. 
 (a) Certain Terminations . Notwithstanding the preceding, 
 (i) Death or Disability . If the Participant s employment with the TFC Group is terminated due to death or Disability, the Award will become fully vested upon the date of the Participant s death or Disability without regard to the vesting schedule set forth in Section 3. 
 (ii) Involuntary Termination Without Cause Or With Good Reason . If the Participant s employment with the TFC Group is terminated (A) by the TFC Group without Cause (as defined below) or (B) by the Participant for good reason as defined in an employer-sponsored severance plan or employment agreement that applies to the Participant, the Award will continue to vest in accordance with this Agreement subject to the passage of time provided that payment of the Award is contingent upon the Participant s execution, and effectiveness, of a release of claims in favor of the TFC Group, including covenants not to solicit employees or clients of the TFC Group on terms generally applicable to similarly-situated executives (the Release and Covenants Agreement ), within sixty (60) days following such termination, and if the Participant declines to execute, revokes, or fails to comply with the terms of the Release and Covenants Agreement, any unvested or unpaid portion of the Award will be forfeited. A termination will be for Cause if the termination of the Participant s employment by the TFC Group is on account of the Participant s (w) conviction or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony (x) dishonesty, theft, or embezzlement (y) failure to substantially perform the Participant s duties, or (z) material breach of any of the 
 2 

Participant s obligations under any material written agreement or covenant the Participant has entered into with the TFC Group, under any material written policy, program, or code of the TFC Group that is applicable to the Participant, or of Participant s duties to the TFC Group. The determination of whether termination is for Cause will be made by the Administrator, and its determination will be final and conclusive. 
 (iii) Retirement . If the Participant s employment with the TFC Group is terminated by the Participant due to Retirement, and the Participant has completed at least six (6) months of continuous employment after the Grant Date (beginning with the first day of the calendar month following the Grant Date and ending on the last working day of the sixth (6th) calendar month), the Award will continue to vest in accordance with this Agreement subject to the passage of time. Retirement occurs only when a Participant incurs a Separation from Service on or after the Participant s attainment of at least age 60 with at least 10 years of service with the TFC Group. 
 (b) Change of Control. 
 (i) Impact of Change of Control . In the event of a Change of Control, if Section 4(a)(ii) applies to the Participant, the Award will become fully vested as of the later of the date of the Change of Control and such termination. For purposes of this Section 4(b)(i), the phrase termination of employment means a Separation from Service. 
 (ii) For purposes of this Section 4(b), a Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred on the earliest of the following dates (A) the date any person or group of persons (as defined in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), together with its affiliates, excluding employee benefit plans of the TFC Group, is or becomes, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of securities of TFC representing thirty percent (30 or more of the combined voting power of TFC s then outstanding securities (B) the date when, as a result of a tender offer or exchange offer for the purchase of securities of TFC (other than such an offer by TFC for its own securities), or as a result of a proxy contest, merger, consolidation or sale of assets, or as a result of any combination of the foregoing, individuals who at the beginning of any consecutive twelve- (12-) month period constituted TFC s Board, plus new directors whose election or nomination for election by TFC s 
 3 

shareholders is approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors still in office who were directors at the beginning of such twelve- (12-) month period (collectively, the Continuing Directors ), cease for any reason during such twelve- (12-) month period to constitute at least two-thirds of the members of such board of directors (C) the date that a transaction for the sale or disposition by TFC of all or substantially all of TFC s assets (within the meaning of Section 409A) closes or is otherwise successfully consummated or (D) the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires ownership of stock of TFC that, together with stock held by such person or group constitutes more than fifty percent (50 of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of TFC within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 5. Award Payout . 
 (a) Award payout will be made to the Participant (or in the event of the Participant s death, to the Participant s beneficiary or beneficiaries) in a lump sum on or as soon as practicable following the dates contemplated by the Delivery Schedule set forth above (the Delivery Dates , provided that, prior to payout, the Administrator may determine that all or any part of the Award scheduled to payout on a Delivery Date will be cancelled or forfeited as a result of (i) a significant, negative risk outcome as a result of a corporate or individual action, (ii) TFC incurring an aggregate operating loss for TFC s fiscal year ending in the applicable vesting period, or (iii) as otherwise permitted in this Agreement or the Plan . Notwithstanding the foregoing, TFC reserves the right to (i) suspend Award payout (to the extent permitted by Section 409A), or (ii) deliver the Award payout into an escrow account in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under Sections 5 or 21 have occurred. 
 (b) The Award payout will be payable in whole shares of Common Stock, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator in accordance with Section 11.6 of the Plan. Fractional Shares will not be issuable, and unless the Administrator determines otherwise, will be disregarded. 
 6. No Right to Continued Employment or Service . Neither the Plan, the grant of the Award, nor any other action related to the Plan will confer on the Participant any right to continue in the employment or service of the TFC Group or affect in any way the right of the TFC Group to terminate the Participant s employment or service at any time. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or this Agreement or as determined by the Administrator, all rights of the Participant with respect to the Award will terminate upon termination of the employment or service of the Participant with the TFC Group. The grant of the Award does not create any obligation on the part of the TFC Group to grant any further awards. So long as the Participant continues to be an Employee of the TFC Group, the Award will not be affected by any change in the duties or position of the Participant. 
 4 

7. Nontransferability of Award and Shares . The Award, and the right to any Award payout, will not be transferable (including by sale, assignment, pledge, or hypothecation) other than by will or the laws of intestate succession, and any purported transfer will be null and void. The designation of a beneficiary in accordance with Plan procedures does not constitute a transfer provided, however, that unless disclaimer provisions are specifically included in a beneficiary designation form accepted by the Administrator, no beneficiary of the Participant may disclaim the Award. 
 8. Non-solicitation Covenants . 
 (a) In consideration of the grant of this Award, the Participant agrees that, during employment with the TFC Group and for twelve (12) months after the termination of the Participant's employment by either party and for any reason, the Participant will not directly or indirectly solicit or recruit for employment, or encourage or support to leave employment with the TFC Group, on the Participant s own behalf or that of any other person, any employee of the TFC Group (i) who performed work in the business unit in which the Participant last worked, (ii) with whom the Participant worked during the Participant s employment with the TFC Group or (iii) about whom the Participant came to know confidential information as a result of employment with the TFC Group, in each case within the twelve (12) months prior to the termination of Participant s employment and who has not thereafter ceased to be employed by the TFC Group for a period of at least three (3) months. This provision will not prohibit the Participant from soliciting or hiring any person who responds to a general advertisement or solicitation, including advertisements or solicitations through newspapers, trade publications, periodicals, internet database, or recruiting or employment agencies, not specifically directed at employees of the TFC Group. The Participant acknowledges that by virtue of this provision, they are likewise restricted from being solicited or recruited for employment by current or former employees of the TFC Group also bound by a similar provision, directly or indirectly and knowingly consents to that restriction. This Section does not prohibit the Participant from responding to a general advertisement or solicitation, including advertisements or solicitations through newspapers, trade publications, periodicals, internet databases, or recruiting or employment agencies, not specifically directed at employees or consultants of the TFC Group. 
 (b) In consideration of the grant of this Award, the Participant agrees that, during employment with the TFC Group and for twelve (12) months after the termination of the Participant's employment by either party and for any reason, the Participant will not directly or indirectly solicit, communicate with or otherwise contact any of the TFC Group s customers with whom the Participant had material contact during employment with the TFC Group, for the purpose of conducting any business with them on behalf of any person or entity other than the TFC Group which is substantially similar to the business conducted by the business unit in which the Participant last worked at the TFC Group. The Participant will not directly or indirectly solicit, communicate with or otherwise contact any of the TFC Group s third-party vendors with whom the Participant had material contact during employment with the TFC Group, for the purpose of diverting their business away from the TFC Group to any person or entity other than the TFC Group which is substantially similar to the business conducted by the business unit in which the Participant last worked at the TFC Group, or otherwise disrupting the TFC Group s 
 5 

relationship with the third-party vendor. Material contact means (i) actual contact with business partner, third-party vendors or customers such as through the provision or receipt of services or sales visits or calls or (ii) coming to know confidential information about a vendor or customer of the TFC Group such as by obtaining pricing and sales information. This provision does not prohibit the Participant from accepting as a vendor or client any person or entity who responds to a general advertisement or solicitation, including advertisements or solicitations through newspapers, trade publications, periodicals, or internet databases, not specifically directed at Business Partner, vendors or customers of the TFC Group. 
 (c) The Participant understands and agrees that nothing in the Plan, this Agreement, or any other agreement with or policy of the TFC Group prohibits the Participant s ability to communicate directly with and provide information, including documents, not otherwise protected from disclosure by any law or privilege to the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Department of Justice, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Congress, any Inspector General, or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission (a Government Agency regarding possible legal violations, or from making disclosures that are required by the Bank Secrecy Act or other law without disclosure to the TFC Group. Likewise, nothing in the Plan, this Agreement, or any other agreement with policy of the TFC Group is intended to or will prevent, impede, or interfere with the Participant providing truthful testimony and information in the course of, or otherwise participating in, an investigation or proceeding conducted by a Government Agency in connection with the lawful exercise of the Government Agency s functions. Nothing in the Plan, this Agreement, or any other agreement with or policy of the TFC Group, or otherwise requires the Participant to disclose to the TFC Group any communications the Participant may have had or information the Participant may have provided to any Government Agencies regarding possible legal violations. 
 (d) The Participant agrees that unique and proprietary knowledge and information has been and will be possessed by, disclosed to, or developed by the Participant in the course of the Participant s employment with the TFC Group, that the preceding provisions are reasonable and necessary to protect the TFC Group s legitimate business interests, and that they will not unreasonably interfere with the Participant s ability to earn a living following the Participant s separation from the TFC Group. Finally, the Participant agrees that, in the event the Participant breaches or threatens to breach these non-solicitation provision, such breach will cause irreparable harm and injury to the TFC Group and will leave the TFC Group with no adequate remedy at law, and (i) TFC or any member of the TFC Group who employed the Participant may seek equitable relief, without the necessity of posting a bond, in addition to monetary damages and any other appropriate relief and (ii) the TFC Group will be entitled to its reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred in enforcing this provision. 
 (e) The Participant and TFC agree that any of the preceding non-solicitation provisions is ever determined by a court to exceed the time, scope, or geographic limitations permitted by applicable law, then such provision(s) will be reformed to the maximum time, scope, and geographic limitations permitted by law. If any such provision(s) cannot be so 
 6 

reformed, then such provision will be severed from this Agreement and will not adversely affect the legality, validity, or enforceability of any of the remaining provisions in this Agreement. 
 9. Superseding Agreement Binding Effect . This Agreement supersedes any statements, representations, or agreements of the TFC Group with respect to the grant of the Award or any related rights, and the Participant hereby waives any rights or claims related to any such statements, representations, or agreements. This Agreement does not supersede or amend any existing confidentiality agreement, nonsolicitation agreement, noncompetition agreement, employment agreement or any other similar agreement between the Participant and the TFC Group, including any restrictive covenants contained in such agreements. 
 10. Governing Law . This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law, and in accordance with applicable United States federal laws. 
 11. Amendment and Termination Waiver . Subject to the terms of the Plan, this Agreement may be amended or terminated only by the written agreement of the parties. The waiver by TFC of a breach of any provision of the Agreement by the Participant will not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator will have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this Agreement (without Participant consent) to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law or changes to applicable law (including Section 409A and federal securities laws) or as otherwise permitted under the Plan or this Agreement, and the Participant consents to any such amendments to the Plan and this Agreement. 
 12. Issuance of Shares Rights as Shareholder . The Participant and the Participant s legal representatives, legatees or distributees will not be deemed to be the holder of any Shares subject to the Award and will not have any voting rights, dividend rights or other rights of a shareholder unless and until such Shares have been issued to the Participant or them. No Shares subject to the Award will be issued at the time of grant of the Award. Shares subject to the Award will be issued in the name of the Participant (or, if the Participant is deceased, in the name of the Participant s beneficiary or beneficiaries) as soon as practicable after, and only to the extent that, the applicable Delivery Date and if such distribution is otherwise permitted under the terms of Section 5 herein. Neither dividends nor dividend equivalent rights will be granted in connection with the Award, and the Award will not be adjusted to reflect the distribution of any dividends on the Common Stock (except as may be otherwise provided under the Plan). 
 13. Withholding Tax Matters Fees . 
 (a) TFC or its Affiliate will report all income and prior to the delivery or transfer of Shares or any other benefit conferred under the Plan, the TFC Group or their agent will withhold all required local, state, federal, foreign, and other income tax obligations and any other amount required to be withheld by any governmental authority or law and paid over by the TFC Group to such authority for the account of such recipient. In accordance with procedures established by the Administrator (including procedures established by the Administrator after 
 7 

TFC s adoption of ASU 2016-09, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718) dated March, 2016), the Participant may arrange to pay all applicable taxes in cash or in the event the Participant does not make such arrangements, such tax obligations will be satisfied by the withholding or sale of Shares to which the Participant is entitled, and the number of Shares to be withheld or sold will have a Fair Market Value as of the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined as nearly equal as possible to the amount of such obligations being satisfied. 
 (b) The TFC Group has made no warranties or representations to the Participant with respect to the tax consequences (including income tax consequences) related to the Award or issuance, transfer or disposition of Shares (or any other benefit) pursuant to the Award, and the Participant is in no manner relying on any member of the TFC Group or its representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. The Participant acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences with respect to the Award (including the acquisition or disposition of the Shares subject to the Award) and that the Participant should consult a tax advisor prior to such acquisition or disposition. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has been advised to consult with the Participant s own attorney, accountant, or tax advisor regarding the decision to enter into this Agreement and the consequences thereof. The Participant also acknowledges that the TFC Group has no responsibility to take or refrain from taking any actions in order to achieve a certain tax result for the Participant. 
 (c) All third-party fees relating to the release, delivery, or transfer of any Award or Shares will be paid by the Participant or other recipient. To the extent the Participant or other recipient is entitled to any cash payment from the TFC Group, the Participant authorizes the deduction of such fees from such payment(s) without further action or authorization of the Participant or other recipient and to the extent the Participant or other recipient is not entitled to any such payments, the Participant or other recipient will pay TFC or its designee an amount equal to such fees immediately upon the third party s charge of such fees. 
 14. Administration . The authority to construe and interpret this Agreement and the Plan, and to administer all aspects of the Plan, is vested in the Administrator, and the Administrator has all powers with respect to this Agreement as are provided in the Plan. Any interpretation of the Agreement by the Administrator and any decision made by it with respect to the Agreement is final and binding on the parties hereto. Any references to the Administrator include its designee, to the extent permitted under the Plan. 
 15. Notices . Any and all notices under this Agreement will be in writing and sent by hand delivery or by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested and first-class postage prepaid), in the case of TFC, to its Human Resources Division, 214 N Tryon Street, Charlotte, NC 28202, attention Chief Human Resources Officer, and in the case of the Participant, to the last known address of the Participant as reflected in TFC s Human Resources Information System. 
 16. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any one or more provisions may be determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions will continue to be binding and enforceable. 
 8 

17. Compliance with Laws Restrictions on Award and Shares . TFC may impose such restrictions on the Award and any shares of Common Stock relating to the payout of the Award as it may deem advisable, including restrictions under the federal securities laws, federal tax laws, the requirements of any stock exchange or similar organization and any blue sky, state or foreign securities laws applicable to such Award or shares of Common Stock. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, TFC is not obligated to issue, deliver, or transfer any shares of Common Stock, make any other distribution of benefits under the Plan, or take any other action, unless such delivery, distribution or action is in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations (including the requirements of the Securities Act). TFC may cause a restrictive legend or legends to be placed on any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Award in such form as may be prescribed from time to time by applicable laws and regulations or as may be advised by legal counsel. 
 18. Successors and Assigns . Subject to the limitations stated herein and in the Plan, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Participant and the Participant s executors, administrators and permitted transferees and beneficiaries and TFC and its successors and assigns. 
 19. Counterparts Further Instruments . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one instrument. The parties agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may be reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement. 
 20. Right of Offset . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, subject to any applicable laws to the contrary, any member of the TFC Group may reduce the amount of any benefit or payment otherwise payable to or on behalf of the Participant by the amount of any obligation of the Participant to any member of the TFC Group that is or becomes due and payable, and the Participant will be deemed to have consented to such reduction provided, however, that to the extent Section 409A is applicable, such offset will not exceed the greater of Five Thousand Dollars 5,000) or the maximum offset amount then permitted under Section 409A. 
 21. Adjustment of Award . 
 (a) The Administrator has authority to make adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Award in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events affecting the TFC Group, or the financial statements of the TFC Group, or of changes in applicable laws, regulations or accounting principles, if the Administrator determines that such adjustments are appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, (i) the Administrator, in order to comply with applicable law (including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) and any risk management requirements or policies 
 9 

adopted by the TFC Group, retains the right at all times to decrease or terminate the Award and payments under the Plan, and any and all amounts payable under the Plan or paid under the Plan will be subject to clawback, forfeiture, and reduction to the extent determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion as necessary or advisable to comply with applicable law or any risk management requirements or policies adopted by the TFC Group and (ii) in the event the Administrator determines that any legislation, regulation, or formal or informal guidance requires any compensation payable under the Plan (including the Award) to be deferred, reduced, eliminated, or subjected to vesting, the Award will be deferred, reduced, eliminated, paid in a different form, or subjected to vesting or other restrictions as determined by the Administrator to be required by such legislation, regulation, or formal or informal guidance. 
 22. Award Conditions . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that either (i) the Administrator or the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System determines that any change to the Plan or this Agreement is required, necessary, advisable, or deemed appropriate to improve the risk sensitivity of the Award, whether by (a) adjusting the Award quantitatively or judgmentally based on the risk the Participant s activities pose to the TFC Group or (c) otherwise as required by the Administrator or the Federal Reserve System or (ii) the Administrator or the United States government (including any agency thereof) determines that any change to the Plan or this Agreement is required, necessary, advisable, or deemed appropriate to comply with any applicable law, regulation, or requirement then this Agreement or the Award will be automatically amended to incorporate such change, without further action of the Participant, and the Administrator will provide the Participant notice thereof. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that either the Administrator or the United States government (including any agency thereof) determines that the Award granted to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement is prohibited or substantially restricted by, or subjects the TFC Group to any adverse tax consequences that the TFC Group is not otherwise subject to on the Grant Date because of, any current or future United States law, rule, regulation, or other authority, then this Agreement will automatically terminate effective as of the Grant Date and the Award will automatically be cancelled as of the Grant Date without further action on the part of the Administrator or the Participant and without any compensation to the Participant for such termination and cancellation. The Administrator agrees to provide notice to the Participant of any such termination and cancellation. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , TFC and the Participant have entered into this Agreement effective as of the Grant Date. Should the Participant fail to acknowledge his or her electronic acceptance of this Agreement, this Agreement may become null and void as of the Grant Date, and the Participant may forfeit any and all rights hereunder at the discretion of the Administrator. 
 
 10 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ex102ltipagreement.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 

 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 2022 INCENTIVE PLAN 
 LTIP Award Agreement 
 (Senior Executive) 

Name of Participant Name Grant Date Grant Date Participant s Target Percentage Participant s Target Performance Period Performance Period 
 THIS AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), effective as of the Grant Date noted above, between TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a North Carolina corporation TFC ), for itself and its Affiliates (referred to both collectively and individually as the TFC Group ), and Name , an Employee (the Participant ), is made pursuant to and subject to the provisions of the Truist Financial Corporation 2022 Incentive Plan, as it may be amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 In consideration of the foregoing, of the mutual promises set forth below and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, THE PARTIES, INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND, AGREE AS FOLLOWS 
 1. Incorporation of Exhibit A and Plan . The rights and duties of the TFC Group and the Participant under this Agreement will in all respects be subject to and governed by the provisions of the Plan and the attached Exhibit A , the terms of which are incorporated into this Agreement by reference. If there is a conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan will govern. Unless otherwise provided, capitalized terms in this Agreement have the same definitions as set forth in the Plan. 
 2. Performance Award . TFC grants the Participant an LTIP Award (the Award in accordance with the following provisions 
 (a) Performance Period . The Performance Period for the Award is as set forth above. 
 (b) Performance Measures for Award . The pre-established Performance Measures and Levels of Achievement (each as defined in Exhibit A applicable to the Award are set forth in Exhibit A . 
 3. Vesting of Award . The Award is unvested at grant. Subject to the terms of this Agreement (including Sections 2, 4, and 5), the Award will be one hundred percent (100 vested and, to the extent any Award payout is determined by the Administrator, earned on March 15 of the year following the expiration of the Performance Period the date the Administrator determines the amount of the Award payout following the expiration of the Performance Period insert date s or condition s (the Vesting Date ), provided that , prior to the Vesting Date, the Administrator may determine that all or any part of the Award will be cancelled or forfeited as a result of (i) a significant, negative risk outcome as a result of a corporate or individual action, (ii) TFC incurring an aggregate operating loss for the Performance Period, or (iii) as otherwise permitted in this 
 A-1 

Exhibit 10.2 

 Agreement or the Plan. Vesting does not mean that the participant has a non-forfeitable right to the vested portion of the Award. The terms of this Agreement, including this Section 3 and Section 21, continue to apply to the Award. The Administrator has sole authority to determine whether and to what degree the Award has vested, been earned, and is payable, and to interpret the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. 
 4. Forfeiture of Award . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 4, if the Participant s employment with the TFC Group terminates for any reason prior to the end of the Vesting Date, then the Award, to the extent not vested as of the Participant s termination of employment date, will be forfeited immediately upon such termination, and the Participant will have no further rights with respect to the Award. The Administrator will have sole discretion to determine if a Participant s rights have terminated, including the authority to determine the basis for the Participant s termination of employment. 
 (a) Certain Terminations . Notwithstanding the preceding, 
 (i) Death or Disability . If the Participant s employment with the TFC Group is terminated due to death or Disability, the Award will continue to be payable in accordance with this Agreement. 
 (ii) Involuntary Termination Without Cause, Good Reason, and Retirement . If the Participant s employment with the TFC Group is terminated (A) by the TFC Group without Cause (as defined below) or (B) by the Participant for good reason as defined in an employer-sponsored severance plan or employment agreement that applies to the Participant, or due to Retirement (as defined below), the Participant s Award for the Performance Period will continue to be payable in accordance with this Agreement provided that payment of the Award is contingent upon the Participant s execution, and effectiveness, of a release of claims in favor of the TFC Group, including covenants not to solicit employees or clients of the TFC Group on terms generally applicable to similarly-situated executives (the Release and Covenants Agreement ), within sixty (60) days following such termination, and if the Participant declines to execute, revokes, or fails to comply with the terms of the Release and Covenants Agreement, any unvested or unpaid portion of the Award will be forfeited. A termination will be for Cause if the termination of the Participant s employment by the TFC Group is on account of the Participant s (w) conviction or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony (x) dishonesty, theft, or embezzlement (y) failure to substantially perform the Participant s duties, or (z) material breach of any of the Participant s obligations under any material written agreement or covenant the Participant has entered into with the TFC Group, under any material written policy, program, or code of the TFC Group that is applicable to the Participant, or of Participant s duties to the TFC Group. The determination of whether termination is for Cause will be made by the Administrator, and its determination will be final and conclusive. Retirement occurs only when a Participant incurs a Separation from Service on or after the 
 A-2 

Exhibit 10.2 

 Participant s attainment of at least age 60 with at least 10 years of service with the TFC Group. 
 (b) Change of Control. 
 (i) Impact of a Change of Control . In the event of a Change of Control, if Section 4(a) applies to the Participant, the Performance Period will end as of the later of the date of the Change of Control and such termination, performance will be calculated as provided in Exhibit A , and payment will be made within two and one-half (2 months following the later of the Change of Control or such termination provided that payment of the Award is contingent upon the Participant s execution, and effectiveness, of the Release and Covenants Agreement within sixty (60) days following such termination. For purposes of this Section 4(b)(i), the phrase termination of employment means a Separation from Service. 
 (ii) For purposes of this Section and Exhibit A , a Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred on the earliest of the following dates (A) the date any person or group of persons (as defined in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), together with its affiliates, excluding employee benefit plans of the TFC Group, is or becomes, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of securities of TFC representing thirty percent (30 or more of the combined voting power of TFC s then outstanding securities (B) the date when, as a result of a tender offer or exchange offer for the purchase of securities of TFC (other than such an offer by TFC for its own securities), or as a result of a proxy contest, merger, consolidation or sale of assets, or as a result of any combination of the foregoing, individuals who at the beginning of any consecutive twelve- (12-) month period during the Performance Period constituted TFC s Board, plus new directors whose election or nomination for election by TFC s shareholders is approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors still in office who were directors at the beginning of such twelve- (12-) month period (collectively, the Continuing Directors ), cease for any reason during such twelve- (12-) month period to constitute at least two-thirds of the members of such board of directors (C) the date that a transaction for the sale or disposition by TFC of all or substantially all of TFC s assets (within the meaning of Section 409A) closes or is otherwise successfully consummated or (D) the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires ownership of stock of TFC that, together with stock held by such person or group constitutes more than fifty percent (50 of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of TFC within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 A-3 

Exhibit 10.2 

 5. Award Payout . 
 (a) The Award payout will be payable in cash, shares of Common Stock, or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion. 
 (b) Award payout will be made to the Participant (or in the event of the Participant s death, to the Participant s beneficiary or beneficiaries) in a lump sum on or as soon as practicable following the Vesting Date, and in any event within two and one-half (2 months following the end of the Performance Period, or as otherwise set forth in Section (4)(b)(i) (provided that if such two and one-half (2 month period begins in one calendar year and ends in another, the Participant (or the Participant s beneficiary or beneficiaries) will not have the right to designate the calendar year of payment). Notwithstanding the foregoing, TFC reserves the right to (i) suspend Award payout, or (ii) deliver the Award payout into an escrow account in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under Sections 3 or 21 have occurred. In addition, TFC may accelerate Award payout by up to thirty (30) days. 
 6. No Right to Continued Employment or Service . Neither the Plan, the grant of the Award, nor any other action related to the Plan will confer on the Participant any right to continue in the employment or service of the TFC Group or affect in any way the right of the TFC Group to terminate the Participant s employment or service at any time. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or this Agreement or as determined by the Administrator, all rights of the Participant with respect to the Award will terminate upon termination of the employment or service of the Participant with the TFC Group. The grant of the Award does not create any obligation on the part of the TFC Group to grant any further awards. So long as the Participant continues to be an Employee of the TFC Group, the Award will not be affected by any change in the duties or position of the Participant. 
 7. Nontransferability of Award and Shares . The Award, and the right to any Award payout, will not be transferable (including by sale, assignment, pledge or hypothecation) other than by will or the laws of intestate succession, and any purported transfer will be null and void. The designation of a beneficiary in accordance with Plan procedures does not constitute a transfer provided, however, that unless disclaimer provisions are specifically included in a beneficiary designation form accepted by the Administrator, no beneficiary of the Participant may disclaim the Award. 
 8. Non-solicitation Covenants . 
 (a) In consideration of the grant of this Award, the Participant agrees that, during employment with the TFC Group and for twelve (12) months after the termination of the Participant's employment by either party and for any reason, the Participant will not directly or indirectly solicit or recruit for employment, or encourage or support to leave employment with the TFC Group, on the Participant s own behalf or that of any other person, any employee of the TFC Group (i) who performed work in the business unit in which the Participant last worked, (ii) with whom the Participant worked during the Participant s employment with the TFC Group or (iii) about whom the Participant came to know confidential information as a result of employment with the TFC Group, in each case within the twelve (12) months prior to the termination of Participant s employment and who has not thereafter ceased to be employed by the TFC Group for a period of at least three (3) months. This provision will not prohibit the Participant from soliciting or hiring any 
 A-4 

Exhibit 10.2 

 person who responds to a general advertisement or solicitation, including advertisements or solicitations through newspapers, trade publications, periodicals, internet database, or recruiting or employment agencies, not specifically directed at employees of the TFC Group. The Participant acknowledges that by virtue of this provision, they are likewise restricted from being solicited or recruited for employment by current or former employees of the TFC Group also bound by a similar provision, directly or indirectly and knowingly consents to that restriction. This Section does not prohibit the Participant from responding to a general advertisement or solicitation, including advertisements or solicitations through newspapers, trade publications, periodicals, internet databases, or recruiting or employment agencies, not specifically directed at employees or consultants of the TFC Group. 
 (b) In consideration of the grant of this Award, the Participant agrees that, during employment with the TFC Group and for twelve (12) months after the termination of the Participant's employment by either party and for any reason, the Participant will not directly or indirectly solicit, communicate with or otherwise contact any of the TFC Group s customers with whom the Participant had material contact during employment with the TFC Group, for the purpose of conducting any business with them on behalf of any person or entity other than the TFC Group which is substantially similar to the business conducted by the business unit in which the Participant last worked at the TFC Group. The Participant will not directly or indirectly solicit, communicate with or otherwise contact any of the TFC Group s third-party vendors with whom the Participant had material contact during employment with the TFC Group, for the purpose of diverting their business away from the TFC Group to any person or entity other than the TFC Group which is substantially similar to the business conducted by the business unit in which the Participant last worked at the TFC Group, or otherwise disrupting the TFC Group s relationship with the third-party vendor. Material contact means (i) actual contact with business partner, third-party vendors or customers such as through the provision or receipt of services or sales visits or calls or (ii) coming to know confidential information about a vendor or customer of the TFC Group such as by obtaining pricing and sales information. This provision does not prohibit the Participant from accepting as a vendor or client any person or entity who responds to a general advertisement or solicitation, including advertisements or solicitations through newspapers, trade publications, periodicals, or internet databases, not specifically directed at Business Partner, vendors or customers of the TFC Group. 
 (c) The Participant understands and agrees that nothing in the Plan, this Agreement, or any other agreement with or policy of the TFC Group prohibits the Participant s ability to communicate directly with and provide information, including documents, not otherwise protected from disclosure by any law or privilege to the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Department of Justice, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Congress, any Inspector General, or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission (a Government Agency regarding possible legal violations, or from making disclosures that are required by the Bank Secrecy Act or other law without disclosure to the TFC Group. Likewise, nothing in the Plan, this Agreement, or any other agreement with policy of the TFC Group is intended to or will prevent, impede, or interfere with the Participant providing truthful testimony and information in the course of, or otherwise participating in, an investigation or proceeding conducted by a Government Agency in connection with the lawful exercise of the Government Agency s functions. Nothing in the Plan, this Agreement, or any other agreement with or policy of the TFC Group, or otherwise requires the Participant to disclose to the TFC Group any communications the Participant may have had or 
 A-5 

Exhibit 10.2 

 information the Participant may have provided to any Government Agencies regarding possible legal violations. 
 (d) The Participant agrees that unique and proprietary knowledge and information has been and will be possessed by, disclosed to, or developed by the Participant in the course of the Participant s employment with the TFC Group, that the preceding provisions are reasonable and necessary to protect the TFC Group s legitimate business interests, and that they will not unreasonably interfere with the Participant s ability to earn a living following the Participant s separation from the TFC Group. Finally, the Participant agrees that, in the event the Participant breaches or threatens to breach these non-solicitation provision, such breach will cause irreparable harm and injury to the TFC Group and will leave the TFC Group with no adequate remedy at law, and (i) TFC or any member of the TFC Group who employed the Participant may seek equitable relief, without the necessity of posting a bond, in addition to monetary damages and any other appropriate relief and (ii) the TFC Group will be entitled to its reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred in enforcing this provision. 
 (e) The Participant and TFC agree that any of the preceding non-solicitation provisions is ever determined by a court to exceed the time, scope, or geographic limitations permitted by applicable law, then such provision(s) will be reformed to the maximum time, scope, and geographic limitations permitted by law. If any such provision(s) cannot be so reformed, then such provision will be severed from this Agreement and will not adversely affect the legality, validity, or enforceability of any of the remaining provisions in this Agreement. 
 9. Superseding Agreement Binding Effect . This Agreement supersedes any statements, representations, or agreements of the TFC Group with respect to the grant of the Award or any related rights, and the Participant hereby waives any rights or claims related to any such statements, representations, or agreements. This Agreement does not supersede or amend any existing confidentiality agreement, nonsolicitation agreement, noncompetition agreement, employment agreement or any other similar agreement between the Participant and the TFC Group, including any restrictive covenants contained in such agreements. 
 10. Governing Law . This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law, and in accordance with applicable United States federal laws. 
 11. Amendment and Termination Waiver . Subject to the terms of the Plan, this Agreement may be amended or terminated only by the written agreement of the parties. The waiver by TFC of a breach of any provision of the Agreement by the Participant will not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator will have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this Agreement (without Participant consent) to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law or changes to applicable law (including Section 409A and federal securities laws) or as otherwise permitted under the Plan or this Agreement, and the Participant consents to any such amendments to the Plan and this Agreement. 
 12. Issuance of Shares Rights as Shareholder . The Participant and the Participant s legal representatives, legatees or distributees will not be deemed to be the holder of any Shares subject to the Award and will not have any voting rights, dividend rights or other rights of a shareholder unless and until such Shares have been issued to the Participant or them. No Shares 
 A-6 

Exhibit 10.2 

 subject to the Award will be issued at the time of grant of the Award. If applicable, Shares subject to the Award will be issued in the name of the Participant (or, if the Participant is deceased, in the name of the Participant s beneficiary or beneficiaries) as soon as practicable after, and only to the extent that, the Award has vested and if such distribution is otherwise permitted under the terms of Section 5 herein. Neither dividends nor dividend equivalent rights will be granted in connection with the Award, and the Award will not be adjusted to reflect the distribution of any dividends on the Common Stock (except as may be otherwise provided under the Plan). 
 13. Withholding Tax Matters Fees . 
 (a) TFC or its Affiliate will report all income and prior to the delivery or transfer of cash payment, Shares, or any other benefit conferred under the Plan, the TFC Group or their agent will withhold all required local, state, federal, foreign, and other income tax obligations and any other amount required to be withheld by any governmental authority or law and paid over by the TFC Group to such authority for the account of such recipient. In accordance with procedures established by the Administrator (including procedures established by the Administrator after TFC s adoption of ASU 2016-09, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718) dated March, 2016), the Participant may arrange to pay all applicable taxes in cash or in the event the Participant does not make such arrangements, such tax obligations will be satisfied by the withholding or sale of cash payment or Shares to which the Participant is entitled, and the number of Shares to be withheld or sold will have a Fair Market Value as of the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined as nearly equal as possible to the amount of such obligations being satisfied. 
 (b) The TFC Group has made no warranties or representations to the Participant with respect to the tax consequences (including income tax consequences) related to the Award or issuance, transfer or disposition of Shares (or any other benefit) pursuant to the Award, and the Participant is in no manner relying on any member of the TFC Group or its representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. The Participant acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences with respect to the Award (including the acquisition or disposition of the Shares subject to the Award) and that the Participant should consult a tax advisor prior to such acquisition or disposition. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has been advised to consult with the Participant s own attorney, accountant, or tax advisor regarding the decision to enter into this Agreement and the consequences thereof. The Participant also acknowledges that the TFC Group has no responsibility to take or refrain from taking any actions in order to achieve a certain tax result for the Participant. 
 (c) All third-party fees relating to the release, delivery, or transfer of any Award or Shares will be paid by the Participant or other recipient. To the extent the Participant or other recipient is entitled to any cash payment from the TFC Group, the Participant authorizes the deduction of such fees from such payment(s) without further action or authorization of the Participant or other recipient and to the extent the Participant or other recipient is not entitled to any such payments, the Participant or other recipient will pay TFC or its designee an amount equal to such fees immediately upon the third party s charge of such fees. 
 14. Administration . The authority to construe and interpret this Agreement and the Plan, and to administer all aspects of the Plan, is vested in the Administrator, and the Administrator has all powers with respect to this Agreement as are provided in the Plan. Any interpretation of the Agreement by the Administrator and any decision made by it with respect to the Agreement is final 
 A-7 

Exhibit 10.2 

 and binding on the parties hereto. Any references to the Administrator include its designee, to the extent permitted under the Plan. 
 15. Notices . Any and all notices under this Agreement will be in writing and sent by hand delivery or by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested and first-class postage prepaid), in the case of TFC, to its Human Resources Division, 214 N Tryon Street, Charlotte, NC 28202, attention Chief Human Resources Officer, and in the case of the Participant, to the last known address of the Participant as reflected in TFC s Human Resources Information System. 
 16. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions may be determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions will continue to be binding and enforceable. 
 17. Compliance with Laws Restrictions on Award and Shares of Common Stock . TFC may impose such restrictions on the Award and any shares of Common Stock relating to the payout of the Award as it may deem advisable, including restrictions under the federal securities laws, federal tax laws, the requirements of any stock exchange or similar organization and any blue sky, state, or foreign securities laws applicable to such Award or shares of Common Stock. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, TFC is not obligated to issue, deliver or transfer any shares of Common Stock, make any other distribution of benefits under the Plan, or take any other action, unless such delivery, distribution or action is in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations (including the requirements of the Securities Act). TFC may cause a restrictive legend or legends to be placed on any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Award in such form as may be prescribed from time to time by applicable laws and regulations or as may be advised by legal counsel. 
 18. Successors and Assigns . Subject to the limitations stated herein and in the Plan, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Participant and the Participant s executors, administrators and permitted transferees and beneficiaries and TFC and its successors and assigns. 
 19. Counterparts Further Instruments . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one instrument. The parties agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may be reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement. 
 20. Right of Offset . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, subject to any applicable laws to the contrary, any member of the TFC Group may reduce the amount of any benefit or payment otherwise payable to or on behalf of the Participant by the amount of any obligation of the Participant to any member of the TFC Group that is or becomes due and payable, and the Participant will be deemed to have consented to such reduction provided, however, that to the extent Section 409A is applicable, such offset will not exceed the greater of Five Thousand Dollars 5,000) or the maximum offset amount then permitted under Section 409A. 
 21. Adjustment of Award . 
 (a) The Administrator has authority to make adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Award in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events affecting the TFC Group, 
 A-8 

Exhibit 10.2 

 or the financial statements of the TFC Group, or of changes in applicable laws, regulations or accounting principles, if the Administrator determines that such adjustments are appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, (i) the Administrator, in order to comply with applicable law (including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) and any risk management requirements or policies adopted by the TFC Group, retains the right at all times to decrease or terminate the Award and payments under the Plan, and any and all amounts payable under the Plan or paid under the Plan will be subject to clawback, forfeiture, and reduction to the extent determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion as necessary or advisable to comply with applicable law or any risk management requirements or policies adopted by the TFC Group and (ii) in the event the Administrator determines that any legislation, regulation, or formal or informal guidance requires any compensation payable under the Plan (including the Award) to be deferred, reduced, eliminated, or subjected to vesting, the Award will be deferred, reduced, eliminated, paid in a different form, or subjected to vesting or other restrictions as determined by the Administrator to be required by such legislation, regulation, or formal or informal guidance. 
 22. Award Conditions . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that either (i) the Administrator or the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System determines that any change to the Plan or this Agreement is required, necessary, advisable, or deemed appropriate to improve the risk sensitivity of the Award, whether by (a) adjusting the Award quantitatively or judgmentally based on the risk the Participant s activities pose to the TFC Group (b) extending the Performance Period for determining the Award (c) extending the Performance Period and adjusting for actual losses or other performance issues or (d) otherwise as required by the Administrator or the Federal Reserve System or (ii) the Administrator or the United States government (including any agency thereof) determines that any change to the Plan or this Agreement is required, necessary, advisable, or deemed appropriate to comply with any applicable law, regulation, or requirement then this Agreement or the Award will be automatically amended to incorporate such change, without further action of the Participant, and the Administrator will provide the Participant notice thereof. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that either the Administrator or the United States government (including any agency thereof) determines that the Award granted to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement is prohibited or substantially restricted by, or subjects the TFC Group to any adverse tax consequences that the TFC Group is not otherwise subject to on the Grant Date because of, any current or future United States law, rule, regulation, or other authority, then this Agreement will automatically terminate effective as of the Grant Date and the Award will automatically be cancelled as of the Grant Date without further action on the part of the Administrator or the Participant and without any compensation to the Participant for such termination and cancellation. The Administrator agrees to provide notice to the Participant of any such termination and cancellation. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , TFC and the Participant have entered into this Agreement effective as of the Grant Date. Should the Participant fail to acknowledge his or her electronic 
 A-9 

Exhibit 10.2 

 acceptance of this Agreement, this Agreement may become null and void as of the Grant Date, and the Participant may forfeit any and all rights hereunder at the discretion of the Administrator. 

A-10 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex311certification3q24.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, William H. Rogers Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Truist Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 1, 2024 
 s William H. Rogers Jr. William H. Rogers Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex312certification3q24.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Michael B. Maguire, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Truist Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 1, 2024 
 s Michael B. Maguire Michael B. Maguire Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex32certification3q24.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Truist Financial Corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify that 
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 1, 2024 
 s William H. Rogers Jr. William H. Rogers Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer s Michael B. Maguire Michael B. Maguire Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Truist Financial Corporation and will be retained by Truist Financial Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tfc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tfc-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tfc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tfc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tfc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

