<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241205_10-Q_edgar_data_14693_0000014693-24-000175.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7150221</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>87150</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1228546</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2808946</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1543500</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1304010</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000014693-24-000175.hdr.sgml : 20241205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241205160246
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000014693-24-000175
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BROWN FORMAN CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000014693
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				610143150
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00123
		FILM NUMBER:		241529075

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		850 DIXIE HWY
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5025851100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		850 DIXIE HIGHWAY
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BROWN FORMAN INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870816

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BROWN FORMAN DISTILLERS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19840807

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BROWN FORMAN DISTILLERY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19670730

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000014693-24-000175.txt : 20241205

10-Q
 1
 bfb-20241031.htm
 10-Q

bfb-20241031 

United States 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______________ to _______________ 
 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (IRS Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: November 30, 2024 
 Class A Common Stock (voting), 0.15 par value Class B Common Stock (nonvoting), 0.15 par value 

BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION Index to Quarterly Report Form 10-Q Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 34 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 35 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 35 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 35 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 35 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 35 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 35 
 SIGNATURES 
 36 

2 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended October 31, October 31, 2023 2024 2023 2024 Sales Excise taxes Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Advertising expenses Selling, general, and administrative expenses Other expense (income), net ) ) ) Operating income Non-operating postretirement expense Interest income ) ) ) ) Interest expense Equity method investment income 
 ) ) Income before income taxes Income taxes Net income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended October 31, October 31, 2023 2024 2023 2024 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedge adjustments ) ) Postretirement benefits adjustments Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 April 30, 2024 October 31, 2024 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of at April 30 and at October 31 
 Inventories: Barreled whiskey Finished goods Work in process Raw materials and supplies Total inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets Equity method investments 
 Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued income taxes Short-term borrowings Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred tax liabilities Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value shares authorized; shares issued) 
 Class B, nonvoting, par value shares authorized; shares issued) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Treasury stock, at cost and shares at April 30 and October 31, respectively) 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2023 2024 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operations: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income tax benefit 
 ) ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Equity method investment income 
 ) Other, net ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Other current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Accrued income taxes Other operating assets and liabilities ) ) Cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Additions to property, plant, and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets 
 Other, net Cash used for investing activities 
 ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in short-term borrowings Payments of withholding taxes related to stock-based awards ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) Dividends paid ) ) Other, net ) Cash used for financing activities 
 ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Less: Restricted cash (included in other current assets) at end of period ) ) Less: Cash included in assets held for sale at end of period ) Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental information: Non-cash additions to property, plant and equipment Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations 
 See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 In these notes, we, us, our, Brown-Forman, and the Company refer to Brown-Forman Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, collectively. 

1. 

2. 
 
 7 

Share data (in thousands): Basic average common shares outstanding Dilutive effect of stock-based awards Diluted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 
 We excluded common stock-based awards for approximately shares and shares from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the three months ended October 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. We excluded common stock-based awards for approximately shares and shares from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the six months ended October 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively. We excluded those awards because they were not dilutive for those periods under the treasury stock method. 

3. 
 If the LIFO method had not been used, inventories at current cost would have been million higher than reported as of April 30, 2024, and million higher than reported as of October 31, 2024. Changes in the LIFO valuation reserve for interim periods are based on an allocation of the projected change for the entire fiscal year, recognized proportionately over the remainder of the fiscal year. 

4. 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at October 31, 2024 

Our other intangible assets consist of trademarks and brand names, all with indefinite useful lives. 

5. 
 ownership of the common stock of The Duckhorn Portfolio, Inc. Duckhorn ), which we obtained as partial consideration for our sale of the Sonoma-Cutrer wine business to Duckhorn on April 30, 2024. Our other equity method investments are immaterial. 
 
 The carrying amount of our investment in Duckhorn was million as of April 30, 2024, reflecting the fair value of the common stock, based on its quoted market price at the April 30, 2024 closing date of the transaction. The carrying amount as of October 31, 2024, was million, which includes the initial carrying amount of million and million subsequently recognized for our share of Duckhorn s earnings. 
 
 The difference between the carrying amount of the investment and our proportionate share of the net assets of Duckhorn was not material as of both April 30, 2024, and October 31, 2024. As of October 31, 2024, the fair value of the investment was million. 
 
 8 

million and million, respectively, for Sonoma-Cuter products purchased from Duckhorn under the TSA. Fees earned for transition services provided to Duckhorn under the TSA were immaterial. Services related to the TSA ended on or about August 31, 2024. 
 
 On October 6, 2024, Duckhorn entered into a definitive agreement pursuant to which Duckhorn will be acquired by private equity funds. Under the terms of the agreement, upon completion of the proposed transaction, we would receive cash of million in exchange for our ownership interest in Duckhorn. The completion of the transaction, which is expected to occur by April 30, 2025, is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval by Duckhorn s stockholders. 

6. 

7. 
 senior notes, principal amount, due 
 senior notes, principal amount, due 
 senior notes, principal amount, due 
 senior notes, principal amount, due 
 senior notes, principal amount, due 
 senior notes, principal amount, due 
 senior notes, principal amount, due 
 Less current portion 
 Average interest rate Average remaining days to maturity 

9 

8. 
 ) ) Net income Net other comprehensive income (loss) Declaration of cash dividends ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Stock issued under compensation plans Loss on issuance of treasury stock issued under compensation plans ) ) ) Balance at July 31, 2023 
 ) ) Net income Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Balance at October 31, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 The following table shows the changes in stockholders equity by quarter during the six months ended October 31, 2024: 
 (Dollars in millions) Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Retained Earnings 
 AOCI Treasury Stock 
 Total Balance at April 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Declaration of cash dividends ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Stock issued under compensation plans Loss on issuance of treasury stock issued under compensation plans ) Balance at July 31, 2024 ) ) Net income Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Balance at October 31, 2024 ) ) ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at October 31, 2024 
 ) ) ) 
 
 10 

On , our Board of Directors increased the quarterly cash dividend on our Class A and Class B common stock from to per share. The quarterly cash dividend is payable on , to stockholders of record on . 

9. 
 Developed International 1 
 Emerging 2 
 Travel Retail 3 
 Non-branded and bulk 4 
 Total 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 
 The following table shows our net sales by product category: Three Months Ended Six Months Ended October 31, October 31, (Dollars in millions) 2023 2024 2023 2024 Whiskey 1 
 Ready-to-Drink 2 
 Tequila 3 
 Non-branded and bulk 4 
 Rest of portfolio 5 
 Total 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 11 

10. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss Net cost 

11. 
 , which is higher than the U.S. federal statutory rate of , due to the impact of state taxes and the tax effects of foreign operations, partially offset by the beneficial impact of the foreign-derived intangible income deduction. 
 
 The effective tax rate of for the six months ended October 31, 2024, was lower than the expected tax rate of on ordinary income for the full fiscal year ending April 30, 2025, primarily due to the beneficial impact of state income tax refunds related to amended prior year returns, partially offset by the impact of increased valuation allowances in the current period. The effective tax rate of for the six months ended October 31, 2024, was lower than the effective tax rate of for the same period last year, primarily due to the beneficial impact of state income tax refunds related to amended prior year returns and the absence of an unfavorable tax rate change in the prior fiscal year, partially offset by the impact of increased valuation allowances in the current period. 
 
 The OECD (Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development) 15 global minimum tax under the Pillar Two Model Rules, which is now effective in countries with enacted legislation, did not materially impact our financial results in the six months ended October 31, 2024. We will continue to evaluate the impact in future periods as previously-enacting countries issue related guidance and additional countries consider adoption of the global minimum tax rules. 

12. 
 million at April 30, 2024, and million at October 31, 2024. The maximum term of outstanding derivative contracts was months at both April 30, 2024 and October 31, 2024. 
 
 We also use foreign currency-denominated debt instruments to help manage our foreign currency exchange rate risk. We designate a portion of those debt instruments as net investment hedges, which are intended to mitigate foreign currency 
 12 

million at April 30, 2024, and million at October 31, 2024. 
 
 At inception, we expect each financial instrument designated as a hedge to be highly effective in offsetting the financial exposure it is designed to mitigate. We assess the effectiveness of our hedges continually. If we determine that any financial instruments designated as hedges are no longer highly effective, we discontinue hedge accounting for those instruments. 
 
 We use forward purchase contracts with suppliers to protect against corn price volatility. We expect to take physical delivery of the corn underlying each contract and use it for production over a reasonable period of time. Accordingly, we account for these contracts as normal purchases rather than as derivative instruments. 
 
 ) Net gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings Sales ) Currency derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Net gain (loss) recognized in earnings Sales Net gain (loss) recognized in earnings Other income (expense), net ) ) Non-Derivative Hedging Instruments Foreign currency-denominated debt designated as net investment hedge: Net gain (loss) recognized in AOCI n/a ) Total amounts presented in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations for line items affected by the net gains (losses) shown above: Sales Other income (expense), net 
 13 

) Net gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings Sales Currency derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Net gain (loss) recognized in earnings Sales Net gain (loss) recognized in earnings Other income (expense), net ) Non-Derivative Hedging Instruments Foreign currency-denominated debt designated as net investment hedge: Net gain (loss) recognized in AOCI n/a ) Total amounts presented in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations for line items affected by the net gains (losses) shown above: Sales Other income (expense), net 
 
 We expect to reclassify million of deferred net gains on cash flow hedges recorded in AOCI as of October 31, 2024 to earnings during the next 12 months. This reclassification would offset the anticipated earnings impact of the underlying hedged exposures. The actual amounts that we ultimately reclassify to earnings will depend on the exchange rates in effect when the underlying hedged transactions occur. 
 
 ) ) Currency derivatives Other assets ) Not designated as hedges: Currency derivatives Accrued expenses ) ) 
 
 The fair values reflected in the above table are presented on a gross basis. However, as discussed further below, the fair values of those instruments subject to net settlement agreements are presented on a net basis in our balance sheets. 

Credit risk. We are exposed to credit-related losses if the counterparties to our derivative contracts default. This credit risk is limited to the fair value of the contracts. To manage this risk, we contract only with major financial institutions that have investment-grade credit ratings and with whom we have standard International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) agreements that allow for net settlement of the derivative contracts. Also, we have established counterparty credit guidelines that we monitor regularly, and we monetize contracts when we believe it is warranted. Because of these safeguards, we believe we have no derivative positions that warrant credit valuation adjustments. 
 
 Our derivative instruments require us to maintain a specific level of creditworthiness, which we have maintained. If our creditworthiness were to fall below that level, then the counterparties to our derivative instruments could request immediate payment or collateralization for derivative instruments in net liability positions. The aggregate fair value of our derivatives with 
 14 

million at April 30, 2024, and million at October 31, 2024. 
 
 s. 
 
 ) Derivative liabilities ) ) ) October 31, 2024 Derivative assets ) Derivative liabilities ) ) ) 
 
 No cash collateral was received or pledged related to our derivative contracts as of April 30, 2024, or October 31, 2024. 

13. 
 Currency derivatives, net Liabilities Currency derivatives, net Contingent consideration 
 Short-term borrowings Long-term debt (including current portion) 

Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We categorize the fair values of assets and liabilities into three levels based on the assumptions (inputs) used to determine those values. Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value, while Level 3 generally requires significant management judgment. The three levels are: 
 Level 1 Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2 Observable inputs other than those included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in inactive markets; or other inputs that are observable or can be derived from or corroborated by observable market data. 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs supported by little or no market activity. 
 
 We determine the fair values of our currency derivatives (forward contracts) using standard valuation models. The significant inputs used in these models, which are readily available in public markets or can be derived from observable market transactions, include the applicable spot exchange rates, forward exchange rates, and interest rates. These fair value measurements are categorized as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. 
 15 

Change in fair value 1 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at October 31, 2024 
 1 
 
 We measure some assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. That is, we do not measure them at fair value on an ongoing basis, but we do adjust them to fair value in some circumstances (for example, when we determine that an asset is impaired). No material nonrecurring fair value measurements were required during the periods presented in these financial statements. 
 
 16 

14.) ) ) ) ) Reclassification to earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedge adjustments: Net gain (loss) on hedging instruments ) ) ) Reclassification to earnings 1 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) ) Postretirement benefits adjustments: Net actuarial gain (loss) and prior service cost Reclassification to earnings 2 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) ) ) ) Six Months Ended Six Months Ended October 31, 2023 October 31, 2024 (Dollars in millions) Pre-Tax Tax Net Pre-Tax Tax Net Currency translation adjustments: Net gain (loss) on currency translation ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification to earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedge adjustments: Net gain (loss) on hedging instruments ) ) ) Reclassification to earnings 1 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) ) Postretirement benefits adjustments: Net actuarial gain (loss) and prior service cost Reclassification to earnings 2 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) ) ) ) 
 1 
 2 
 
 17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with both our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024 (2024 Form 10-K). Note that the results of operations for the six months ended October 31, 2024, are not necessarily indicative of future or annual results. In this Item, we, us, our, Brown-Forman, and the Company refer to Brown-Forman Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, collectively. 

Presentation Basis 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We report our financial results in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Additionally, we use some financial measures in this report that are not measures of financial performance under GAAP. These non-GAAP measures, defined below, should be viewed as supplements to (not substitutes for) our results of operations and other measures reported under GAAP. Other companies may define or calculate these non-GAAP measures differently. 
 Organic change in measures of statements of operations . We present changes in certain measures, or line items, of the statements of operations that are adjusted to an organic basis. We use organic change for the following measures: (a) organic net sales; (b) organic cost of sales; (c) organic gross profit; (d) organic advertising expenses; (e) organic selling, general, and administrative (SG A) expenses; (f) organic other expense (income), net; (g) organic operating expenses 1 ; and (h) organic operating income. To calculate these measures, we adjust, as applicable, for (1) acquisitions and divestitures, (2) other items, and (3) foreign exchange. We explain these adjustments below. 
 Acquisitions and divestitures. This adjustment removes (a) the gain or loss recognized on sale of divested brands and certain assets, (b) any non-recurring effects related to our acquisitions and divestitures (e.g., transaction, transition, and integration costs), (c) the effects of operating activity related to acquired and divested brands for periods not comparable year over year (non-comparable periods), and (d) fair value changes to contingent consideration liabilities. Excluding non-comparable periods allows us to include the effects of acquired and divested brands only to the extent that results are comparable year over year. 
 During fiscal 2023, we acquired Gin Mare Brand, S.L.U. and Mareliquid Vantguard, S.L.U., which owned the Gin Mare brand (Gin Mare). This adjustment removes the fair value adjustments to Gin Mare s earn-out contingent consideration liability that is payable in cash no earlier than July 2024 and no later than July 2027. 
 During fiscal 2024, we sold our Finlandia vodka business, which resulted in a pre-tax gain of 92 million, and entered into a related transition services agreement (TSA) for this business. This adjustment removes the (a) transaction costs related to the divestiture, (b) operating activity for the non-comparable period, which is activity in the first and second quarters of fiscal 2024, and (c) net sales, cost of sales, and operating expenses 1 recognized pursuant to the TSA related to distribution services in certain markets. 
 During fiscal 2024, we sold the Sonoma-Cutrer wine business in exchange for an ownership percentage of 21.4 in The Duckhorn Portfolio Inc. (Duckhorn) along with 50 million cash and entered into a related TSA for this business. This transaction resulted in a pre-tax gain of 175 million. This adjustment removes the (a) transaction costs related to the divestiture, (b) operating activity for the non-comparable period, which is activity in the first and second quarters of fiscal 2024, and (c) net sales, cost of sales, and operating expenses 1 recognized pursuant to the TSA related to distribution services in certain markets. 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2024, we recognized a gain of 7 million on the sale of certain fixed assets. During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, we recognized a gain of 12 million on the sale of the Alabama cooperage. This adjustment removes the gains from our other expense (income), net and operating income. 
 We believe that these adjustments allow for us to better understand our organic results on a comparable basis. 
 Other items. Other items include the additional items outlined below. 
 Jack Daniel s Country Cocktails business model change (JDCC). In fiscal 2021, we entered into a partnership with the Pabst Brewing Company for the supply, sales, and distribution of Jack Daniel's Country Cocktails in the United States while Brown-Forman continued to produce certain products. During fiscal 2024, this production fully transitioned to Pabst Brewing Company for the Jack Daniel s Country Cocktails products. This adjustment removes 
 
 1 Operating expenses include advertising expense, SG A expense, and other expense (income), net. 
 18 

the non-comparable operating activity related to the sales of Brown-Forman-produced Jack Daniel s Country Cocktails products for the first and second quarters of fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025. 
 Franchise tax refund. During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, we recognized a 13 million franchise tax refund due to a change in franchise tax calculation methodology for the state of Tennessee. This modification lowered our annual franchise tax obligation and was retroactively applied to franchise taxes paid during fiscal 2020 through fiscal 2023. This adjustment removes the franchise tax refund from our other expense (income), net and operating income. 
 Foreign exchange. We calculate the percentage change in certain line items of the statements of operations in accordance with GAAP and adjust to exclude the cost or benefit of currency fluctuations. Adjusting for foreign exchange allows us to understand our business on a constant-dollar basis, as fluctuations in exchange rates can distort the organic trend both positively and negatively. (In this report, dollar means the U.S. dollar unless stated otherwise.) To eliminate the effect of foreign exchange fluctuations when comparing across periods, we translate current-year results at prior-year rates and remove transactional and hedging foreign exchange gains and losses from current- and prior-year periods. 
 We use the non-GAAP measure organic change, along with other metrics, to: (a) understand our performance from period to period on a consistent basis; (b) compare our performance to that of our competitors; (c) calculate components of management incentive compensation; (d) plan and forecast; and (e) communicate our financial performance to the Board of Directors, stockholders, and investment community. We provide reconciliations of the organic change in certain line items of the statements of operations to their nearest GAAP measures in the tables under Results of Operations - Fiscal 2025 Year-to-Date Highlights and Results of Operations - Year-Over-Year Period Comparisons. We have consistently applied the adjustments within our reconciliations in arriving at each non-GAAP measure. We believe these non-GAAP measures are useful to readers and investors because they enhance the understanding of our historical financial performance and comparability between periods. When we provide guidance for organic change in certain measures of the statements of operations we do not provide guidance for the corresponding GAAP change, as the GAAP measure will include items that are difficult to quantify or predict with reasonable certainty, such as foreign exchange, which could have a significant impact to our GAAP income statement measures. 
 
 Definitions 
 Aggregations . 
 From time to time, to explain our results of operations or to highlight trends and uncertainties affecting our business, we aggregate markets according to stage of economic development as defined by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), and we aggregate brands by beverage alcohol category. Below, we define the geographic and brand aggregations used in this report. 
 Geographic Aggregations. 
 In Results of Operations - Fiscal 2025 Year-to-Date Highlights, we provide supplemental information for our top markets ranked by percentage of net sales. In addition to markets listed by country name, we include the following aggregations: 
 Developed International markets are advanced economies as defined by the IMF, excluding the United States. Our top developed international markets were Germany, Australia, the United Kingdom, France, Canada, and Spain. This aggregation represents our net sales of branded products to these markets. 
 Spain includes Spain and certain other surrounding territories. 
 Emerging markets are emerging and developing economies as defined by the IMF. Our top emerging markets were Mexico, Poland, and Brazil. This aggregation represents our net sales of branded products to these markets. 
 Brazil includes Brazil, Uruguay, Paraguay, and certain other surrounding territories. 
 Travel Retail represents our net sales of branded products to global duty-free customers, other travel retail customers, and the U.S. military, regardless of customer location. 
 Non-branded and bulk includes net sales of used barrels, contract bottling services, and non-branded bulk whiskey, regardless of customer location. 

19 

Brand Aggregations. 
 In Results of Operations - Fiscal 2025 Year-to-Date Highlights, we provide supplemental information for our top brands ranked by percentage of net sales. In addition to brands listed by name, we include the following aggregations outlined below. 
 Beginning in fiscal 2025, we aggregated the Wine and Vodka product categories with Rest of Portfolio, due to the divestitures of Sonoma-Cutrer and Finlandia. Please refer to the new definition of "Rest of Portfolio for more information. The fiscal 2024 "Rest of Portfolio" amounts have been adjusted accordingly for comparison purposes. 
 Whiskey includes all whiskey spirits and whiskey-based flavored liqueurs. The brands included in this category are the Jack Daniel s family of brands (excluding the Ready-to-Drink products defined below), the Woodford Reserve family of brands (Woodford Reserve), the Old Forester family of brands (Old Forester), The Glendronach, Glenglassaugh, Benriach, Slane Irish Whiskey, and Coopers Craft. 
 American whiskey includes the Jack Daniel s family of brands (excluding the Ready-to-Drink products defined below), Woodford Reserve, Old Forester, and Coopers Craft. 
 Super-premium American whiskey includes Woodford Reserve, Gentleman Jack, and other super-premium Jack Daniel's expressions. 
 Ready-to-Drink includes all ready-to-drink (RTD) and ready-to-pour (RTP) products. The brands included in this category are Jack Daniel s RTD and RTP products (JD RTD/RTP), New Mix, and other RTD/RTP products. 
 Jack Daniel s RTD/RTP products include all RTD line extensions of Jack Daniel s, such as Jack Daniel s Cola, Jack Daniel s Coca-Cola RTD, Jack Daniel s Country Cocktails, Jack Daniel s Double Jack, and other malt- and spirit-based Jack Daniel s RTDs, along with Jack Daniel s Winter Jack RTP. 
 Jack Daniel s Coca-Cola RTD includes all Jack Daniel s Coca-Cola RTD products and Jack Daniel s bulk whiskey shipments for the production of these products. 
 Tequila includes el Jimador, the Herradura family of brands (Herradura), and other tequilas. 
 Rest of Portfolio includes Sonoma-Cutrer (which was divested on April 30, 2024) , Korbel California Champagnes, Diplom tico, Gin Mare, Chambord, Finlandia Vodka (which was divested on November 1, 2023) , Fords Gin, Korbel Brandy, and other agency brands. 
 Non-branded and bulk includes net sales of used barrels, contract bottling services, and non-branded bulk whiskey and wine. 
 Jack Daniel s family of brands includes Jack Daniel s Tennessee Whiskey (JDTW), JD RTD/RTP, Jack Daniel s Tennessee Honey (JDTH), Gentleman Jack, Jack Daniel s Tennessee Apple (JDTA), Jack Daniel s Tennessee Fire (JDTF), Jack Daniel s Single Barrel Collection (JDSB), Jack Daniel s Bonded Tennessee Whiskey, Jack Daniel s Sinatra Select, Jack Daniel s Tennessee Rye Whiskey (JDTR), Jack Daniel s Triple Mash Blended Straight Whiskey, Jack Daniel s Bottled-in-Bond, Jack Daniel s American Single Malt, Jack Daniel s 12 Year Old, Jack Daniel s 10 Year Old, and other Jack Daniel s expressions. 
 Other Metrics . 
 Shipments. We generally record revenues when we ship or deliver our products to our customers. In this report, unless otherwise specified, we refer to shipments when discussing volume. 
 Depletions. This metric is commonly used in the beverage alcohol industry to describe volume. Depending on the context, depletions usually means either (a) where Brown-Forman is the distributor, shipments directly to retail or wholesale customers or (b) where Brown-Forman is not the distributor, shipments from distributor customers to retailers and wholesalers. We believe that depletions measure volume in a way that more closely reflects consumer demand than our shipments to distributor customers do. 
 Consumer takeaway. When discussing trends in the market, we refer to consumer takeaway, a term commonly used in the beverage alcohol industry that refers to the purchase of product by consumers from retail outlets, including products purchased through e-commerce channels, as measured by volume or retail sales value. This information is provided by outside parties, such as Nielsen and the National Alcohol Beverage Control Association (NABCA). Our estimates of market share or changes in market share are derived from consumer takeaway data using the retail sales value metric. We believe consumer takeaway is a leading indicator of consumer demand trends. 
 20 

Estimated net change in distributor inventories. We generally recognize revenue when our products are shipped or delivered to customers. In the United States and certain other markets, our customers are distributors that sell downstream to retailers and consumers. We believe that our distributors downstream sales more closely reflect actual consumer demand than do our shipments to distributors. Our shipments increase distributors inventories, while distributors depletions (as described above) reduce their inventories. Therefore, it is possible that our shipments do not coincide with distributors downstream depletions and merely reflect changes in distributors inventories. Because changes in distributors inventories could affect our trends, we believe it is useful for investors to understand those changes in the context of our operating results. 
 We perform the following calculation to determine the estimated net change in distributor inventories : 
 For both the current-year period and the comparable prior-year period, we calculate a depletion-based amount by (a) dividing the organic dollar amount (e.g. organic net sales) by the corresponding shipment volumes to arrive at a shipment per case amount, and (b) multiplying the resulting shipment per case amount by the corresponding depletion volumes. We subtract the year-over-year percentage change of the depletion-based amount from the year-over-year percentage change of the organic amount to calculate the estimated net change in distributor inventories. 
 A positive difference is interpreted as a net increase in distributors inventories, which implies that organic trends could decrease as distributors reduce inventories; whereas, a negative difference is interpreted as a net decrease in distributors inventories, which implies that organic trends could increase as distributors rebuild inventories. 

Important Information on Forward-Looking Statements: 
 This report contains statements, estimates, and projections that are forward-looking statements as defined under U.S. federal securities laws. Words such as aim, ambition, anticipate, aspire, believe, can, continue, could, envision, estimate, expect, expectation, intend, may, might, plan, potential, project, pursue, see, seek, should, will, would, and similar words indicate forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date we make them. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors (many beyond our control) that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical experience or from our current expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Our substantial dependence upon the continued growth of the Jack Daniel's family of brands 
 Substantial competition from new entrants, consolidations by competitors and retailers, and other competitive activities, such as pricing actions (including price reductions, promotions, discounting, couponing, or free goods), marketing, category expansion, product introductions, or entry or expansion in our geographic markets or distribution networks 
 Route-to-consumer changes that affect the timing of our sales, temporarily disrupt the marketing or sale of our products, or result in higher fixed costs 
 Disruption of our distribution network or inventory fluctuations in our products by distributors, wholesalers, or retailers 
 Changes in consumer preferences, consumption, or purchase patterns particularly away from larger producers in favor of small distilleries or local producers, or away from brown spirits, our premium products, or spirits generally, and our ability to anticipate or react to them; further legalization of marijuana; bar, restaurant, travel, or other on-premise declines; shifts in demographic or health and wellness trends; or unfavorable consumer reaction to new products, line extensions, package changes, product reformulations, or other product innovation 
 Production facility, aging warehouse, or supply chain disruption 
 Imprecision in supply/demand forecasting 
 Higher costs, lower quality, or unavailability of energy, water, raw materials, product ingredients, or labor 
 Risks associated with acquisitions, dispositions, business partnerships, or investments such as acquisition integration, termination difficulties or costs, or impairment in recorded value 
 Impact of health epidemics and pandemics, and the risk of the resulting negative economic impacts and related governmental actions 
 Unfavorable global or regional economic conditions and related economic slowdowns or recessions, low consumer confidence, high unemployment, weak credit or capital markets, budget deficits, burdensome government debt, austerity measures, higher interest rates, higher taxes, political instability, higher inflation, deflation, lower returns on pension assets, or lower discount rates for pension obligations 
 Product recalls or other product liability claims, product tampering, contamination, or quality issues 
 Negative publicity related to our company, products, brands, marketing, executive leadership, employees, Board of Directors, family stockholders, operations, business performance, or prospects 
 Failure to attract or retain key executive or employee talent 
 21 

Risks associated with being a U.S.-based company with a global business, including commercial, political, and financial risks; local labor policies and conditions; protectionist trade policies, or economic or trade sanctions, including additional retaliatory tariffs on American whiskeys and the effectiveness of our actions to mitigate the negative impact on our margins, sales, and distributors; compliance with local trade practices and other regulations; terrorism, kidnapping, extortion, or other types of violence; and health pandemics 
 Failure to comply with anti-corruption laws, trade sanctions and restrictions, or similar laws or regulations 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly a stronger U.S. dollar 
 Changes in laws, regulatory measures, or governmental policies, especially those affecting production, importation, marketing, labeling, pricing, distribution, sale, or consumption of our beverage alcohol products 
 Tax rate changes (including excise, corporate, sales or value-added taxes, property taxes, payroll taxes, import and export duties, and tariffs) or changes in related reserves, changes in tax rules or accounting standards, and the unpredictability and suddenness with which they can occur 
 Decline in the social acceptability of beverage alcohol in significant markets 
 Significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on availability of our beverage alcohol products 
 Counterfeiting and inadequate protection of our intellectual property rights 
 Significant legal disputes and proceedings, or government investigations 
 Cyber breach or failure or corruption of our key information technology systems or those of our suppliers, customers, or direct and indirect business partners, or failure to comply with personal data protection laws 
 Our status as a family controlled company under New York Stock Exchange rules, and our dual-class share structure 
 For further information on these and other risks, please see the risks and uncertainties described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2024 Form 10-K, and those described from time to time in our reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 22 

Overview 
 Unless otherwise indicated, all related commentary is on a reported basis and is for the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the same period last year. 
 Divestitures 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2024, we sold the Finlandia vodka business for 196 million cash and entered into a TSA for this business. The absence of the brand negatively impacted our net sales and operating income for the six months and three months ended October 31, 2024. The TSA for this divestiture negatively impacted our gross margin for the six months and three months ended October 31, 2024. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we sold the Sonoma-Cutrer wine business in exchange for an ownership percentage of 21.4 in Duckhorn along with 50 million cash and entered into a TSA for this business. The absence of the brand negatively impacted our net sales and operating income for the six months and three months ended October 31, 2024. The TSA for this divestiture negatively impacted our gross margin for the six months and three months ended October 31, 2024. On October 6, 2024, Duckhorn entered into a definitive agreement pursuant to which Duckhorn will be acquired by private equity funds. See Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Year-to-Date Highlights 
 We delivered net sales of 2.0 billion for the six months ended October 31, 2024, a decrease of 5 . The decrease was driven by (a) the negative effect of acquisitions and divestitures; (b) lower volumes; (c) the negative effect of foreign exchange; and (d) the impact of JDCC, partially offset by favorable price/mix. 
 From a brand perspective, net sales declines were led by the Finlandia and Sonoma-Cutrer divestitures, the impact of JDCC, and our Tequila portfolio, partially offset by growth of the non-branded and bulk business (primarily used barrel sales) and Woodford Reserve. 
 From a geographic perspective, the declines in net sales were across geographic aggregations. 
 We delivered gross profit of 1.2 billion for the six months ended October 31, 2024, a decrease of 8 . Gross margin decreased 2.4 percentage points to 59.2 from 61.6 in the same period last year. The decrease in gross margin was largely driven by the timing of input cost fluctuations coupled with high inventory levels, the negative effect of foreign exchange, and the impact of the TSAs for the divestitures (as described above), partially offset by favorable price/mix and the impact of JDCC. 
 We delivered operating income of 622 million for the six months ended October 31, 2024, a decrease of 7 largely driven by the timing of input cost fluctuations coupled with high inventory levels, the negative effect of the acquisitions and divestitures, and the negative effect of foreign exchange. The decrease was partially offset by (a) favorable price/mix; (b) advertising and SG A expense leverage; (c) the franchise tax refund; and (d) the gain on sale of the Alabama cooperage. 
 We delivered diluted earnings per share of 0.96 for the six months ended October 31, 2024, a decrease of 3 from the 0.98 reported for the same period last year, driven primarily by the decrease in operating income, partially offset by the benefit of the lower effective tax rate. 

23 

Summary of Operating Performance 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, (Dollars in millions) 2023 2024 Reported Change Organic Change 1 
 2023 2024 Reported Change Organic Change 1 
 Net sales 1,107 1,095 (1 3 2,145 2,046 (5 Cost of sales 436 449 3 8 823 835 1 6 Gross profit 671 646 (4 1,322 1,211 (8 (4 Advertising 140 126 (9 (7 271 252 (7 (4 SG A 192 187 (3 (1 392 375 (4 (3 Other expense (income), net (8) nm 4 
 nm 4 
 (7) (38) nm 4 
 nm 4 
 Operating income 339 341 1 5 666 622 (7 (3 Total operating expenses 2 
 332 305 (8 (5 656 589 (10 (4 As a percentage of net sales 3 
 Gross profit 60.6 59.1 (1.5) pp 61.6 59.2 (2.4) pp Operating income 30.6 31.1 0.5 pp 31.0 30.4 (0.6) pp Effective tax rate 22.0 17.6 (4.4) pp 22.4 20.1 (2.3) pp Diluted earnings per share 0.50 0.55 9 0.98 0.96 (3 Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
 
 1 See Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for details on our use of organic change, including how we calculate these measures and why we believe this information is useful to readers. 
 2 Operating expenses include advertising expense, SG A expense, and other expense (income), net. 
 3 Year-over-year changes in percentages are reported in percentage points (pp). 
 4 Percentage change is not meaningful. 
 24 

Results of Operations Fiscal 2025 Year-to-Date Highlights 
 Market Highlights 
 The following table provides supplemental information for our largest markets. We discuss results of the markets most affecting our performance below the table. Unless otherwise indicated, all related commentary is on a reported basis and is for the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the same period last year. 
 Top Markets 
 Six months ended October 31, 2024 Net Sales Change vs. Prior Year Period 
 Geographic area 1 
 Reported Acquisitions and Divestitures JDCC 2 
 Foreign Exchange Organic 3 
 United States (7 2 2 (3 Developed International (5 2 (3 Germany (2 (1 (2 Australia (5 (4 United Kingdom (8 (3 (11 France (2 (1 (3 Canada (2 4 1 3 Spain (12 1 (11 Rest of Developed International (7 8 1 Emerging (3 6 4 6 Mexico (11 6 (5 Poland (15 20 (8 (3 Brazil 31 6 37 Rest of Emerging (3 8 4 9 Travel Retail (5 2 (3 Non-branded and bulk 39 2 41 Total (5 3 1 1 Note: Results may differ due to rounding 
 
 1 See Definitions above for definitions of market aggregations presented here. 
 2 JDCC is included in Other items . See Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for additional details. 
 3 See Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for details on our use of organic change in net sales, including how we calculate this measure and why we believe this information is useful to readers. 
 
 The United States net sales declined 7 driven by lower volumes, led by JDTW and Korbel California Champagnes, along with the divestiture of Sonoma-Cutrer and the impact of JDCC. The declines were partially offset by higher volumes of Woodford Reserve and Old Forester. An estimated net increase in distributor inventories positively impacted net sales. 
 Developed International 
 Germany s net sales declined 2 driven by lower volumes of JDTW and JD RTDs, partially offset by the positive contribution from Diplom tico and the positive effect of foreign exchange. 
 Australia s net sales decreased 5 driven by declines of JD RTDs and local market agency brands. 
 The United Kingdom s net sales declined 8 led by lower volumes of JDTW, partially offset by the positive effect of foreign exchange. 
 France s net sales decreased 2 driven by declines across our Jack Daniel s family of brands, partially offset by the positive contribution from Diplom tico and the positive effect of foreign exchange. 
 Canada s net sales declined 2 driven by the divestitures of Finlandia and Sonoma-Cutrer, as well as the negative effect of foreign exchange. The declines were partially offset by growth of JD RTDs. 
 25 

Spain s net sales declined 12 led by lower volumes of JDTW, partially offset by the positive contribution from Diplom tico. 
 Net sales in the Rest of Developed International decreased 7 driven by the divestiture of Finlandia, declines of Glenglassaugh due to the absence of the high-value cask sales in the same prior-year period, and lower volumes of JDTW in South Korea. The declines were partially offset by higher JDTW volumes in Japan primarily due to changes in distributor ordering patterns in the same prior-year period (we transitioned to owned distribution in Japan on April 1, 2024). 
 Emerging 
 Mexico s net sales declined 11 driven by lower volumes of our Tequila portfolio and the negative effect of foreign exchange, partially offset by growth of New Mix. 
 Poland s net sales declined 15 driven by the divestiture of Finlandia and lower volumes of Gentleman Jack, partially offset by the positive effect of foreign exchange. 
 Brazil s net sales increased 31 driven by higher volumes across the portfolio, led by JDTW, JDTA, and JDTH. The growth was partially offset by the negative effect of foreign exchange. 
 Net sales in the Rest of Emerging declined 3 driven by the divestiture of Finlandia, the negative effect of foreign exchange (reflecting the strengthening of the dollar primarily against the Turkish lira), and lower volumes across the Jack Daniel s family of brands in Chile. These declines were partially offset by higher prices of JDTW in T rkiye and volumetric growth of JDTW in Sub-Saharan Africa, reflecting an estimated net increase in distributor inventories. 
 Travel Retail s net sales declined 5 led by lower volumes of the other super-premium Jack Daniel s expressions and Woodford Reserve, as well as the divestiture of Finlandia. The declines were partially offset by growth of JDTW and Diplom tico. 
 Non-branded and bulk s net sales increased 39 driven by higher prices for used barrels. 
 
 26 

Brand Highlights 
 The following table provides supplemental information for our largest brands. We discuss results of the brands most affecting our performance below the table. Unless otherwise indicated, all related commentary is on a reported basis and is for the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the same period last year. Major Brands Six months ended October 31, 2024 Net Sales Change vs. Prior Year Period 
 Product category / brand family / brand 1 
 Reported Acquisitions and Divestitures JDCC 2 
 Foreign Exchange Organic 3 
 Whiskey (1 1 JDTW (1 JDTH 1 2 Gentleman Jack 1 1 JDTA (2 3 1 JDTF (3 1 (2 Woodford Reserve 8 8 Old Forester 11 11 Rest of Whiskey (22 (22 Ready-to-Drink (6 6 2 2 JD RTD/RTP (8 8 1 1 New Mix (1 6 5 Tequila (17 1 (17 el Jimador (16 (16 Herradura (14 1 (13 Rest of Portfolio (26 27 (1 Non-branded and bulk 39 2 41 Note: Results may differ due to rounding 
 1 See Definitions above for definitions of brand aggregations presented here. 
 2 JDCC is included in Other items . See Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for additional details. 
 3 See Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for details on our use of organic change in net sales, including how we calculate this measure and why we believe this information is useful to readers. 
 Whiskey 
 Net sales for JDTW declined 1 driven by lower volumes, led by the United States, the United Kingdom and South Korea. The declines were partially offset by higher volumes in Japan following the transition to owned-distribution and higher prices in T rkiye in response to high inflation and currency devaluation. An estimated net increase in distributor inventories positively impacted net sales. 
 Net sales for JDTH were flat as growth in Brazil and T rkiye was offset by declines in South Korea and the negative effect of foreign exchange. An estimated net increase in distributor inventories positively impacted net sales. 
 Net sales for Gentleman Jack increased 1 driven by higher prices in T rkiye, partially offset by lower volumes in the United States. 
 Net sales for JDTA decreased 2 driven by declines in South Korea following the continued product launch in the same prior-year period, along with the negative effect of foreign exchange. These declines were partially offset by higher volumes in Brazil. 
 Net sales for JDTF declined 3 driven by lower volumes in the developed international markets and the United States, as well as the negative effect of foreign exchange. The decline was partially offset by higher volumes in the emerging markets, led by Brazil. 
 27 

Woodford Reserve s net sales increased 8 driven by higher volumes in the United States, primarily due to an estimated net increase in distributor inventories. The increase was partially offset by lower volumes in Travel Retail. 
 Old Forester s net sales increased 11 driven by favorable product mix in the United States. 
 Net sales for Rest of Whiskey declined 22 driven by lower volumes of the other super-premium Jack Daniel's expressions and The Glendronach, as well as declines of Glenglassaugh due to the absence of the high-value cask sales as compared to the same prior-year period. 
 Ready-to-Drink 
 Net sales for the JD RTD/RTP brands decreased 8 led by the impact of JDCC and declines in Australia, partially offset by growth in the United States reflecting an estimated net increase in distributor inventories. 
 New Mix net sales declined 1 driven by the negative effect of foreign exchange, partially offset by higher volumes and favorable price/mix in Mexico. 
 Tequila 
 el Jimador s net sales declined 16 driven by lower volumes in the United States, Mexico, and Colombia. The declines were partially offset by higher prices in the United States. 
 Herradura s net sales decreased 14 driven by declines in Mexico and the United States. 
 Net sales for Rest of Portfolio declined 26 driven by the divestitures of Finlandia and Sonoma-Cutrer and lower volumes of Korbel California Champagnes in the United States. The declines were partially offset by the positive contribution from Diplom tico. An estimated net increase in distributor inventories positively impacted net sales. 
 Non-branded and bulk s net sales increased 39 driven by higher prices for used barrels. 

28 

Year-Over-Year Period Comparisons 
 Net Sales 
 3 Months 6 Months Percentage change versus the prior year period ended October 31 Volume Price/mix Total Volume Price/mix Total Change in reported net sales (6 4 (1 (11 7 (5 Acquisitions and divestitures 5 (1 4 4 (1 3 JDCC 1 
 4 (3 1 5 (4 1 Foreign exchange 1 1 Change in organic net sales 4 3 (2 2 Note: Results may differ due to rounding 
 1 JDCC is included in Other items . See Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for additional details. 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024, net sales were 1.1 billion, a decrease of 13 million, or 1 , driven by the negative effect of acquisitions and divestitures and the impact of JDCC, partially offset by higher volumes, led by New Mix and JDTW. Price/mix reflects an unfavorable portfolio mix shift offset by growth of the non-branded and bulk business (primarily used barrel sales). 
 For the six months ended October 31, 2024, net sales were 2.0 billion, a decrease of 100 million, or 5 , driven by (a) the negative effect of acquisitions and divestitures; (b) lower volumes; (c) the negative effect of foreign exchange; and (d) the impact of JDCC, partially offset by favorable price/mix. Lower volumes were led by JD RTDs and el Jimador. Price/mix reflects higher prices, led by T rkiye (in response to high inflation and currency devaluation), growth of the non-branded and bulk business (primarily used barrel sales), and portfolio mix shift to our higher priced brands. See Results of Operations - Fiscal 2025 Year-to-Date Highlights above for further details on net sales for the six months ended October 31, 2024. 
 Cost of Sales 
 3 Months 6 Months Percentage change versus the prior year period ended October 31 Volume Cost/mix Total Volume Cost/mix Total Change in reported cost of sales (6 8 3 (11 13 1 Acquisitions and divestitures 5 6 4 (2 2 JDCC 1 
 4 (2 2 5 (3 2 Foreign exchange (2 (2 Change in organic cost of sales 4 5 8 (2 8 6 Note: Results may differ due to rounding 
 1 JDCC is included in Other items . See Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for additional details. 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024, cost of sales were 449 million, an increase of 12 million, or 3 , driven by unfavorable cost/mix (timing of input cost fluctuations coupled with high inventory levels), higher volumes, and the negative effect of foreign exchange, partially offset by the positive effect of the acquisitions and divestitures along with the impact of JDCC. 
 For the six months ended October 31, 2024, cost of sales were 835 million, an increase of 12 million, or 1 , driven by unfavorable cost/mix (timing of input cost fluctuations coupled with high inventory levels), largely offset by the positive effect of the acquisitions and divestitures, the impact of JDCC, and lower volumes. 
 
 29 

Gross Profit 
 Percentage change versus the prior year period ended October 31 3 Months 6 Months Change in reported gross profit (4 (8 Acquisitions and divestitures 3 3 JDCC 1 
 Foreign exchange 1 1 Change in organic gross profit (4 Note: Results may differ due to rounding 
 1 JDCC is included in Other items . See Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for additional details. 
 
 Gross Margin 
 For the period ended October 31 3 Months 6 Months Prior year gross margin 60.6 61.6 Price/mix 1.3 1.7 Cost (3.1) (3.9) Acquisitions and divestitures 0.5 (0.3 JDCC 1 
 0.3 0.5 Foreign exchange (0.5 (0.4 Change in gross margin (1.5 (2.4 Current year gross margin 59.1 59.2 Note: Results may differ due to rounding 
 1 JDCC is included in Other items . See Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for additional details. 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024, gross profit of 646 million decreased 24 million, or 4 , compared to the same period last year. Gross margin decreased to 59.1 from 60.6 in the same period last year. The decrease in gross margin was largely driven by the timing of input cost fluctuations coupled with high inventory levels and the negative effect of foreign exchange, partially offset by favorable price/mix, the positive effect of the acquisitions and divestitures, and the impact of JDCC. 
 For the six months ended October 31, 2024, gross profit of 1.2 billion decreased 111 million, or 8 , compared to the same period last year. Gross margin decreased to 59.2 from 61.6 in the same period last year. The decrease in gross margin was largely driven by the timing of input cost fluctuations coupled with high inventory levels, the negative effect of foreign exchange, and the impact of the TSAs for the divestitures (as described in Overview above), partially offset by favorable price/mix and the impact of JDCC. 

30 

Operating Expenses 
 Percentage change versus the prior year period ended October 31 3 Months Reported Acquisitions and Divestitures Franchise Tax Refund 1 
 Foreign Exchange Organic Advertising (9 2 (7 SG A (3 2 (1 Total operating expenses 2 
 (8 2 1 (5 6 Months Advertising (7 2 1 (4 SG A (4 1 (3 Total operating expenses 2 
 (10 3 2 1 (4 Note: Results may differ due to rounding 
 1 Franchise tax refund is included in Other items . See Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for additional details. 
 2 Total Operating expenses include advertising expense, SG A expense, and other expense (income), net. 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024, operating expenses totaled 305 million, a decrease of 27 million, or 8 , compared to the same period last year. The decrease in operating expenses was primarily driven by the decrease in advertising and SG A, the positive effect of acquisitions and divestitures, and the positive effect of foreign exchange. 
 Advertising expense decreased 9 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 driven by lower JDTW spend and the impact of our recently divested brands. 
 SG A expense decreased 3 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 driven by lower discretionary spend, the absence of transaction-related expenses for the divestiture of Finlandia, and lower compensation and benefit related expenses. 
 For the six months ended October 31, 2024, operating expenses totaled 589 million, a decrease of 67 million, or 10 , compared to the same period last year. The decrease in operating expenses was primarily driven by (a) the positive effect of acquisitions and divestitures, (b) the Franchise tax refund, (c) the gain on sale of the Alabama cooperage, (d) the decrease in advertising expense, (e) the decrease in SG A expense, and (f) the positive effect of foreign exchange. 
 Advertising expense decreased 7 for the six months ended October 31, 2024 driven by (a) timing of spend on super-premium Jack Daniel s expressions; (b) lower Jack Daniel s and Coca-Cola RTD spend as compared to the prior-year period launch in the United States; (c) the impact of our recently divested brands; and (d) the positive effect of foreign exchange. 
 SG A expense decreased 4 for the six months ended October 31, 2024 driven by lower compensation and benefit related expenses, lower discretionary spend, and the absence of transaction-related expenses for the divestiture of Finlandia. 

31 

Operating Income 
 Percentage change versus the prior year period ended October 31 3 Months 6 Months Change in reported operating income 1 (7 Acquisitions and divestitures 5 4 Other items 1 
 (2 Foreign exchange 1 Change in organic operating income 5 (3 Note: Results may differ due to rounding 
 1 Other items includes JDCC and franchise tax refund . See Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for additional details. 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024, operating income totaled 341 million, an increase of 2 million, or 1 , compared to the same period last year. Operating margin increased 0.5 percentage points to 31.1 from 30.6 in the same period last year driven by operating expense leverage and favorable price/mix, partially offset by the timing of input cost fluctuations coupled with high inventory level and the negative effect of the acquisitions and divestitures. 
 For the six months ended October 31, 2024, operating income totaled 622 million, a decrease of 44 million, or 7 , compared to the same period last year. Operating margin decreased 0.6 percentage points to 30.4 from 31.0 in the same period last year largely driven by the timing of input cost fluctuations coupled with high inventory levels, the impact of the TSAs for the divestitures (as described in Overview above), and the negative effect of foreign exchange. The decrease was partially offset by (a) favorable price/mix; (b) advertising and SG A expense leverage; (c) the Franchise tax refund; and (d) the gain on sale of the Alabama cooperage. 
 The effective tax rate for the three months ended October 31, 2024 was 17.6 compared to 22.0 for the same period last year. The decrease in our effective tax rate was driven primarily by the beneficial impact of state income tax refunds related to amended prior year returns and decreased tax effects of foreign earnings, partially offset by increased impact of state taxes. 
 The effective tax rate for the six months ended October 31, 2024 was 20.1 compared to 22.4 for the same period last year. The decrease in our effective tax rate was primarily due to the beneficial impact of state income tax refunds related to amended prior year returns and the absence of an unfavorable tax rate change in the prior fiscal year, partially offset by the impact of increased valuation allowances in the current period. 
 Diluted earnings per share of 0.55 for the three months ended October 31, 2024, increased 9 from the 0.50 reported for the same period last year driven primarily by the increase in operating income and the benefit of the lower effective tax rate. Diluted earnings per share of 0.96 for the six months ended October 31, 2024, decreased 3 from the 0.98 reported for the same period last year driven primarily by the decrease in operating income partially offset by the benefit of the lower effective tax rate. 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Outlook 
 Below we discuss our outlook for fiscal 2025, which reflects the trends, developments, and uncertainties (including those described above) that we expect to affect our business. 
 We anticipate a return to growth for organic net sales and organic operating income in fiscal 2025 driven by gains in international markets and the benefit of normalizing inventory trends. This outlook is tempered by our belief that global macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties will continue to create a challenging operating environment. Accordingly, we reiterate the following expectations for fiscal 2025: 
 Organic net sales growth in the 2 to 4 range. 
 Organic operating income growth in the 2 to 4 range. 
 An effective tax rate to be in the range of approximately 21 to 23 . 
 The estimated capital expenditure range has been updated to 180 to 190 million from 195 to 205 million. 
 32 

Liquidity and Financial Condition 
 
 Liquidity . We generate strong cash flows from operations, which enable us to meet current obligations, fund capital expenditures, and return cash to our stockholders through regular dividends and, from time to time, through share repurchases and special dividends. We believe our investment-grade credit ratings (A1 by Moody s and A- by Standard Poor s) provide us with financial flexibility when accessing global debt capital markets and allow us to reserve adequate debt capacity for investment opportunities and unforeseen events. 
 Our cash flows from operations are supplemented by our cash and cash equivalent balances, as well as access to other liquidity sources. Cash and cash equivalents were 446 million at April 30, 2024, and 416 million at October 31, 2024. As of October 31, 2024, approximately 48 of our cash and cash equivalents were held by our foreign subsidiaries whose earnings we expect to reinvest indefinitely outside of the United States. We continue to evaluate our future cash requirements and may decide to repatriate additional cash held by our foreign subsidiaries, which may require us to provide for and pay additional taxes. 
 We have a 900 million commercial paper program that we use, together with our cash flows from operations, to fund our short-term operational needs. See Note 7 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for outstanding commercial paper balances, interest rates, and days to maturity at April 30, 2024, and October 31, 2024. The average balances, interest rates, and original maturities during the periods ended October 31, 2023 and 2024, are presented below. 
 Three Months Average Six Months Average 
 October 31, October 31, (Dollars in millions) 2023 2024 2023 2024 Average commercial paper (par amount) 
 400 529 355 484 Average interest rate 5.47 5.34 5.39 5.41 Average days to maturity at issuance 36 40 34 35 
 Our commercial paper program is supported by available commitments under our 900 million bank credit facility that expires on May 26, 2028. Although unlikely, under extreme market conditions, one or more participating banks may not be able to fund its commitments under our credit facility. To manage this counterparty credit risk, we partner with banks that have investment grade credit ratings, limit the amount of exposure we have with each bank, and monitor each bank s financial conditions. 
 Our most significant short-term cash requirements relate primarily to funding our operations (such as expenditures for raw materials, production and distribution, advertising and promotion, and current taxes), repayment of our notes maturing in April 2025, dividend payments, and capital investments. We expect to meet our planned short-term liquidity needs through cash generated from operations and borrowings under our commercial paper program. If we have additional liquidity needs, we believe that we could access financing in the capital markets. Our most significant longer-term cash requirements primarily include payments related to our long-term debt, employee benefit obligations, and deferred tax liabilities. 
 We believe our current liquidity position, supplemented by our ability to generate positive cash flows from operations in the future, and our ample debt capacity enabled by our strong short-term and long-term credit ratings, will be sufficient to meet all of our expected future short- and long-term financial commitments. 
 
 Cash flows. Cash provided by operations of 129 million during the six months ended October 31, 2024, increased 32 million from the same period last year, reflecting lower working capital requirements offset partially by lower earnings. 
 Cash used for investing activities was 21 million during the six months ended October 31, 2024, compared to 61 million used for investing activities during the same period last year. The 40 million decline largely reflects a 38 million increase in proceeds from asset sales, primarily attributable to proceeds of 51 million received from the sale of our Alabama cooperage in May 2024. 
 Cash used for financing activities was 129 million during the six months ended October 31, 2024, compared to 23 million in cash used for financing activities during the same prior-year period. The 106 million increase largely reflects a 137 million decrease in net proceeds from short-term borrowings and a 9 million increase in dividend payments, partially offset by a 42 million decline in share repurchases. 
 
 Dividends. See Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for information about cash dividends declared per share on our Class A and Class B common stock during fiscal 2025. 
 33 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We face market risks arising from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates. Foreign currency fluctuations affect our net investments in foreign subsidiaries and foreign currency-denominated cash flows. Commodity price changes can affect our production and supply chain costs. Interest rate changes affect (a) the fair value of our fixed-rate debt and (b) cash flows and earnings related to our variable-rate debt and interest-bearing investments. We manage market risks through procurement strategies as well as the use of derivative and other financial instruments. Our risk management program is governed by policies that authorize and control the nature and scope of transactions that we use to mitigate market risks. Since April 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to the market risks faced by us or to our risk management program as disclosed in our 2024 Form 10-K. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) (our principal executive and principal financial officers), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act)), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures: (a) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and (b) include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in such reports is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the CEO and the CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 34 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We operate in a litigious environment and we are sued in the normal course of business. We do not anticipate that any pending legal proceedings will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2024 Form 10-K, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or future results. There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our 2024 Form 10-K. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 During the three months ended October 31, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 The following documents are filed with this report: 
 Exhibit Index 31.1 CEO Certification pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 CFO Certification pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 CEO and CFO Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (not considered to be filed). 
 101 The following materials from Brown-Forman Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2024, in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) format: (a) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (b) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (c) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (d) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (e) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File in Inline XBRL format (included in Exhibit 101). 
 35 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION (Registrant) Date: December 5, 2024 By: /s/ Leanne D. Cunningham Leanne D. Cunningham Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (On behalf of the Registrant and as Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bfb-10312024xex311october.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Lawson E. Whiting, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Brown-Forman Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated December 5, 2024 By s Lawson E. Whiting Lawson E. Whiting President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 bfb-10312024xex312october.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Leanne D. Cunningham, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Brown-Forman Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated December 5, 2024 By s Leanne D. Cunningham Leanne D. Cunningham Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 bfb-10312024xex32october.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Brown-Forman Corporation the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in the capacity as an officer of the Company, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated December 5, 2024 By s Lawson E. Whiting Lawson E. Whiting President and Chief Executive Officer 
 By s Leanne D. Cunningham Leanne D. Cunningham Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certificate is being furnished solely for purposes of Section 906 and is not being filed as part of the Report. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 bfb-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 bfb-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 bfb-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 bfb-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bfb-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

