<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1788028_0001213900-24-095173.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5295460</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>148498</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1154264</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1148674</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1330180</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1383288</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-095173.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107073040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-095173
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jasper Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001788028
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				842984849
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39138
		FILM NUMBER:		241433187

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 BRIDGE PKWY SUITE #102
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6505491400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 BRIDGE PKWY SUITE #102
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94065

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Amplitude Healthcare Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190912

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-095173.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 ea0220052-10q_jasper.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______________ to ______________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 6, 2024, the number of shares of
the registrant s common stock outstanding was shares of voting common stock, 0.0001 par value per share,
and shares of non-voting common stock, 0.0001 par value per share. 

JASPER THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

Item
 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 38 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 39 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 48 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 48 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 48 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 48 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 49 

SIGNATURES 
 50 

i 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

JASPER THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands, except share and per share
data) 

(unaudited) 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Restricted cash 

Other non-current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock: par value shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; none issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Common stock: par value shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

JASPER THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

(in thousands, except share and per share
data) 

(unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating expenses 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest income 

Change in fair value of earnout liability 

Change in fair value of common stock warrant liability 

Other income (expense), net 

Total other income, net 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

JASPER THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

(in thousands, except share data) 

(unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Cancellation of earnout shares (Note 7) 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Reversal of excess accrued issuance costs 

Vesting of founders restricted stock 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

3 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock through underwritten offering, net of discounts and commissions and offering expenses of million 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Cancellation of earnout shares (Note 7) 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock through underwritten offering, net of discounts and commissions and offering expenses of million 

Issuance of common stock through ATM offering, net of commissions and offering expenses of million 

Reclassification of common stock warrants from liability to equity 

Settlement of restricted stock units 

Shares withheld for taxes 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Vesting of founders restricted stock 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

JASPER THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands) 

(unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows used in operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Non-cash lease expense 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Change in fair value of common stock warrant liability 

Change in fair value of earnout liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other receivables 

Other non-current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Operating lease liability 

Other non-current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows used in investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows provided by financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock through ATM and underwritten offerings, net 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Taxes withheld and paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 

Proceeds from exercise of common stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the period 

Supplemental and non-cash items reconciliations: 

Unpaid property and equipment included in accounts payable 

Reclassification of common stock warrant liability into additional paid-in capital 

Vesting of founders restricted stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

JASPER THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

6 

reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split of its common stock. The par value per share and the number of authorized
shares were not adjusted as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. The shares of common stock underlying outstanding stock options, common
stock warrants and other equity instruments were proportionately reduced and the respective exercise prices, if applicable, were proportionately
increased in accordance with the terms of the agreements governing such securities. In addition, the shares available for grants under
the Company s incentive plans were adjusted as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. All references to common stock, options to
purchase common stock, outstanding common stock warrants, common stock share data, per share data, and related information contained
in the condensed consolidated financial statements have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the effect of the Reverse Stock Split
for all periods presented. 

7 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

8 

9 

Total fair value of assets 

Total fair value of assets 

Financial liabilities 

Earnout liability 

Total fair value of financial liabilities 

Change in the fair value included in other expense 

Fair Value as of March 31, 2023 

Change in the fair value included in other income 

Fair Value as of June 30, 2023 

Change in the fair value included in other income 

Fair Value as of September 30, 2023 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2023 

Change in the fair value included in other expense 

Fair Value as of March 31, 2024 

Change in the fair value included in other expense 

Fair Value as of June 30, 2024 

Change in the fair value included in other income 

Fair Value as of September 30, 2024 

10 

Common stock price Expected term (in years) Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate 

Prepaid insurance 

Payroll tax credit receivable 

Prepaid travel expenses 

Other prepaid expenses and current assets 

Total 

11 

Lab equipment 

Office furniture fixtures 

Computer equipment 

Capitalized software 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense was 
million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Accrued employee and related compensation expenses 

Other 

Total 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total 

million in support of the research project related to a monoclonal antibody
that depletes blood stem cells and enables chemotherapy-free transplants. The award is payable to the Company upon achievement of milestones
that are primarily based on patient enrollment in the Company s clinical trials. CIRM could permanently cease disbursements if
milestones are not met within four months of the scheduled completion date. Additionally, if CIRM determines, in its sole discretion,
that the Company has not complied with the terms and conditions of the grant, CIRM may suspend or permanently cease disbursements. Funds
received under this grant may only be used for allowable project costs specifically identified with the CIRM-funded project. Such costs
can include, but are not limited to, salary for personnel, itemized supplies, consultants, and itemized clinical study costs. Under the
terms of the grant, both CIRM and the Company will co-fund the research project and the amount of the Company s co-funding requirement
is predetermined as a part of the award. Under the terms of the CIRM grant, the Company is obligated to pay royalties and licensing fees
based on of net sales of CIRM-funded product candidates or CIRM-funded technology per million of CIRM grant. As an
alternative to revenue sharing, the Company has the option to convert the award to a loan. In the event the Company exercises its right
to convert the award to a loan, it would be obligated to repay the loan within ten business days of making such election. Repayment amounts
vary dependent on when the award is converted to a loan, ranging from of the award granted to amounts received plus interest
at the rate of the three-month LIBOR rate plus per annum. Since the Company may be required to repay some or all of the amounts
awarded by CIRM, the Company accounted for this award as a liability. Given the uncertainty in amounts due upon repayment, the Company
has recorded amounts received without any discount or interest recorded, and upon determination of amounts that would become due, the
Company will adjust accordingly. In the absence of explicit U.S. GAAP guidance on contributions received by business entities from government
entities, the Company has applied to the CIRM grant the recognition and measurement guidance in Accounting Standards Codification Topic
958-605 by analogy. The Company has received an aggregate of million from CIRM through September 30, 2024, of which million
was received during the year ended December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, is available for future distribution to
the Company under the grant upon the achievement of a future milestone. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount
of CIRM grant received of million is included in other non-current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

12 

for each first and second year, for
each third and fourth year and at each anniversary thereafter ending upon the first commercial sale. The Company is also
obligated to pay late-stage clinical development milestone payments and first commercial sales milestone payments of up to million
in total. The Company will also pay low single-digit royalties on net sales of licensed products, if approved. The Company paid and
 license maintenance fee in March 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was recognized as research and development expense in
the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

The Stanford License Agreement expires on a country-by-country
basis on the last-to-expire valid claim of a licensed patent in such country. The Company may terminate the agreement by giving Stanford
written notice at least 12 months in advance of the effective date of termination. The Company may also terminate the agreement solely
with respect to any particular patent application or patent by giving Stanford written notice at least 60 days in advance of the effective
date of termination. Stanford may terminate the agreement after 90 days from a written notice by Stanford, specifying a problem, including
a delinquency on any report required pursuant to the agreement or any payment, missing a milestone or a material breach, unless the Company
remediates the problem in that 90-day period. 

13 

, by and among the Company, Amplitude
Healthcare Holdings LLC (the Sponsor and Jasper Tx Corp., 

The Earnout Shares placed in escrow were legally
issued and outstanding shares that participated in voting and dividends. Upon the closing of the business combination, the contingent
obligation to release the Earnout Shares was accounted for as a liability-classified financial instrument upon the initial recognition
because the triggering events that determined the number of shares required to be released from escrow included events that were not solely
indexed to the common stock of the Company. The earnout liability was remeasured each reporting period with changes in fair value recognized
in earnings. On September 24, 2024, the Earnout Shares were forfeited and cancelled, and the contingent liability s value became
zero, as the triggering events described above were not achieved during the Earnout Period. 

The estimated fair value of the earnout liability
was minimal as of December 31, 2023. The fair value was estimated at the end of each reporting period using a Monte Carlo simulation model.
Assumptions used in the valuation as of December 31, 2023 are described in Note 3. The Company recognized a gain of less than million
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and a gain of million and a loss of less than million for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2023, respectively, classified within change in fair value of earnout liability in the condensed consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company recognized minimal change in fair value of earnout liability during the nine months
ended September 30, 2024. 

square
feet of laboratory and office space in Redwood City, California, under an operating lease that expires in August 2026. 

In conjunction with signing the lease, the Company
secured a letter of credit in favor of the lessor in the amount of million. The funds related to this letter of credit are
presented as restricted cash on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. The lease agreement includes an escalation
clause for increased base rent and a renewal provision allowing the Company to extend this lease for an additional at the prevailing
rental rate, which the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise. In addition to base rent, the Company pays its share of operating
expenses and taxes. 

14 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate 

2025 

2026 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total discounted lease payments 

Less current portion of lease liability 

Noncurrent portion of lease liability 

Stanford Sponsored Research Agreement 

In September 2020, the Company entered into a
sponsored research agreement with Stanford for a research program related to the treatment of Fanconi Anemia patients in Bone Marrow
Failure requiring allogeneic transplant with non-sibling donors at Stanford Lucile Packard Children s Hospital using briquilimab
(the Research Project ). Stanford will perform the Research Project and is fully responsible for costs and operations related
to the Research Project. In addition, Stanford owns the entire right, title, and interest in and to all technology developed using Stanford
facilities and by Stanford personnel through the performance of the Research Project under this agreement (the Fanconi Anemia
Research Project IP ). Under this agreement, Stanford granted the Company an exclusive option to license Stanford s rights
in the Fanconi Anemia Research Project IP (the Fanconi Anemia Option in the field of commercialization of briquilimab.
There is no license granted or other intellectual property transferred under this agreement until the Fanconi Anemia Option is exercised.
As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not yet exercised the Fanconi Anemia Option. 

As consideration for the services performed by
Stanford under this sponsored research agreement, the Company agreed to pay Stanford a total of million over approximately upon the achievement of development and clinical milestones, including the FDA filings and patient enrollment. The first milestone
in the amount of million was achieved in 2020, the second milestone in the amount of million was achieved in February
2022 and the third and final milestone in the amount of million was achieved in July 2023. Each milestone was recognized as
a research and development expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss in the period in which
the milestone was achieved. 

15 

million, and low single-digit royalties
on net sales of licensed products. All products were in development as of September 30, 2024, and no royalties were due as of such date.
The Company paid and license maintenance fee in March 2024 and 2023, respectively, and recognized this as a
research and development expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. No expenses were recognized for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.
As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, no milestones were probable to be achieved and payable. 

Legal Proceedings 

The Company, from time to time, may be party to
litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company was not subject to any material legal proceedings during the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and, to the best of its knowledge, no material legal proceedings are currently pending. 

Guarantees and Indemnifications 

In the normal course of business, the Company
enters into agreements that contain a variety of representations and provide for general indemnification. The Company s exposure
under these agreements is unknown because it involves claims that may be made against the Company in the future. To date, the Company
has not paid any claims or been required to defend any action related to its indemnification obligations. As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible and consequently
has not recorded related liabilities. 

shares
of voting common stock, shares of non-voting common stock, and shares of undesignated preferred
stock. There were shares of voting common stock, no shares of non-voting common stock and no shares
of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 

Holders of the voting common stock and the non-voting common
stock have similar rights, except that non-voting stockholders are not entitled to vote, including for the election of directors. Holders
of voting common stock do not have conversion rights, while holders of non-voting common stock have the right to convert each share
of non-voting common stock held by such holder into one share of voting common stock at such holder s election by providing
written notice to the Company, provided that as a result of such conversion, such holder, together with its affiliates, would not beneficially
own in excess of of the Company s voting common stock following such conversion. On January 31, 2023, shares
of the Company s non-voting common stock were fully converted into shares of the voting common stock per the holder s
request, and no shares of non-voting common stock remained outstanding after such conversion. 

Shares issuable upon exercise of common stock warrants 

Shares available for grant under Equity Incentive Plans 

Shares available for grant under Employee Stock Purchase Plans 

Shares available for grant under 2022 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan 

Total shares of common stock reserved 

16 

million of common stock,
preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, rights, units or depositary shares comprised of any combination of these securities, for
the Company s own account in one or more offerings under the Prior S-3. On April 28, 2023, the Company filed a new shelf registration
statement on Form S-3 New S-3 with the SEC, which was declared effective on May 5, 2023 and superseded the Prior S-3.
As of September 30, 2024, the Company can sell from time to time up to million of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities,
warrants, rights, units or depositary shares comprised of any combination of these securities, for the Company s own account in
one or more offerings under the New S-3. The terms of any offering under the New S-3 will be established at the time of such offering
and will be described in a prospectus supplement to the New S-3 filed with the SEC prior to the completion of any such offering. 

ATM Offering 

In November 2022, the Company entered into a Controlled
Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (the Agent ), pursuant to which the Company
may offer and sell through or to the Agent, as sales agent or principal, shares of the Company s common stock from time to time
(the ATM Offering ). On November 10, 2022, the Company filed with the SEC a prospectus supplement under the Prior S-3 in
connection with the ATM Offering, pursuant to which the Company could offer and sell shares of common stock having an aggregate offering
price of up to million. In January 2023, the Company issued and sold an aggregate of shares of common stock
for net proceeds of million. 

On May 5, 2023, the Company filed with the SEC
a prospectus under the New S-3 in connection with the ATM Offering (the ATM Prospectus ), pursuant to which the Company
can now offer and sell shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million. 

As of September 30, 2024, million remained
available under the ATM Prospectus. 

Public Offering 

In January 2023, the Company entered into an underwriting
agreement with Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, William Blair Company, L.L.C. and Oppenheimer Co. Inc., as the representatives
of the several underwriters named therein (the 2023 Underwriters ), relating to an underwritten public offering under the
Prior S-3 of shares of common stock, including shares issued as a result of the exercise of the
2023 Underwriters option to purchase shares. The Company received net proceeds of million. 

Underwritten Offering 

In February 2024, the Company entered into an
underwriting agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC and Evercore Group L.L.C., as the representatives of the several underwriters named
therein, related to an underwritten offering under the New S-3 of shares of common stock. The Company received net
proceeds of million. 

As of September 30, 2024, million
remained available and unallocated under the New S-3. 

17 

of the fair market value of common stock on the offering date or on the exercise date, whichever is lower. 

On March 14, 2022, the 2022 Inducement Equity Incentive
Plan became effective, and it was amended on June 2, 2023 to increase the maximum number of shares available for grant thereunder (as
amended, the 2022 Inducement Plan ). Under the 2022 Inducement Plan, the Company may grant nonstatutory stock options, restricted
stock awards, stock appreciation rights, RSUs, performance awards and other awards, but only to an individual, as a material inducement
to such individual to enter into employment with the Company or an affiliate of the Company, who (i) has not previously been an employee
or director of the Company or (ii) is rehired following a bona fide period of non-employment with the Company. 

Stock options under the 2024 Plan and the 2022
Inducement Plan may be granted for periods of up to years and at prices no less than of the fair market value of the shares
on the date of grant, provided, however, that the exercise price of an incentive stock option (which cannot be granted pursuant to the
2022 Inducement Plan) granted to a stockholder may not be less than of the fair market value of the shares. Stock
options granted to employees and non-employees generally vest ratably over four years. 

As of September 30, 2024, shares
were reserved for issuance under the 2024 Plan, of which shares were available for future grant and shares
were subject to outstanding awards including performance-based awards. As of September 30, 2024, shares have been issued
under the 2021 ESPP and shares were reserved and available for future issuance under the 2024 ESPP. As of September
30, 2024, shares were reserved for issuance under the 2022 Inducement Plan, of which shares were available
for future grant and shares were subject to outstanding stock options. 

Stock Option Activity 

Options granted Options exercised Options cancelled/forfeited Balance, September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest, September 30, 2024 Exercisable, September 30, 2024 

The aggregate intrinsic value represents
the difference between the estimated fair value of the underlying common stock and the exercise price of outstanding, in-the-money options.
The total intrinsic value of the options exercised during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was less than million
and million, respectively, and less than million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023,
respectively. 

18 

million and million, respectively. The weighted-average grant
date fair value of options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was and per share,
respectively. 

Unrecognized stock-based compensation for stock
options as of September 30, 2024 was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years,
including less than million related to performance-based stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of years. 

Performance-Based Stock Options 

Options granted 
 Options cancelled/forfeited Balance, September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest, September 30, 2024 Exercisable, September 30, 2024 

Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) 

As of December 31, 2023, the Company had no unvested
outstanding RSUs and no RSUs were granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Performance Restricted Stock Units (PSUs) 

Unvested performance-based restricted stock units at September 30, 2024 

Outstanding performance-based restricted stock units at September 30, 2024 

19 

shares that will vest in full if the closing price of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market reaches or exceeds
 per share (subject to adjustment for recapitalizations, stock splits and similar transactions) for thirty consecutive calendar
days within two years from the grant date. If the vesting condition is not met within two years from the grant date, the PSUs will be
forfeited. The Company concluded that issued PSUs are equity-based awards and include a market based vesting condition. The Company used
a Monte Carlo simulation model to estimate the fair value of the PSUs with the following assumptions: common stock fair value of ,
which was the closing market price of the Company s common stock at the grant date, volatility of , risk free rate of ,
vesting term of years. Total estimated fair value of million is recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the years,
the derived requisite service period from the grant date. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

The Company issued and shares of common stock under the
2021 ESPP during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and recognized million compensation expense
related to the 2021 ESPP during each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company did not issue any shares of common
stock under the 2021 ESPP during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and recognized and less than million compensation
expense related to the 2021 ESPP during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company did not issue any
shares of common stock under the 2024 ESPP during each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company recognized
 million compensation expense related to the 2024 ESPP during each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was
no unamortized stock-based compensation for shares issuable under the 2021 ESPP as of September 30, 2024. There was million unamortized
stock-based compensation for shares issuable under the 2024 ESPP as of September 30, 2024, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of years. The Company recorded million in accrued expenses and other current liabilities related to contributions withheld
as of September 30, 2024. 

Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

Research and development 

The Company recognized million of stock-based
compensation expense related to performance-based options, PSUs and RSUs during each of the three and nine months ended September 30,
2024. The Company recognized million of stock-based compensation income and less than million of stock-based compensation expense
related to performance-based options, PSUs and RSUs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

20 

- 

- 

Expected volatility 
 - 

- 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 

- 

Expected dividend yield 

Valuation of Employee Stock Purchase Plan Awards 

The grant date fair value of 2024 ESPP awards
granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2021 ESPP awards granted during the nine months ended September
30, 2023 was estimated using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Expected volatility 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 Expected dividend yield 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Less: Weighted-average unvested restricted shares 

Less: Shares subject to earnout 

Weighted average shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted 

21 

Shares issuable upon exercise of common stock warrants 

Unvested performance-based restricted stock units 

Unvested restricted common stock 

Unvested restricted stock units 

Total 

million for the founders 
advisory and consulting services performed for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company recorded million
for advisory and consulting services performed by Professor Judith Shizuru, one of the founders of the Company and a member of the Board,
for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. These expenses were recorded as research and development expenses in the
condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company recorded million in accounts payable, accrued
expenses and other current liabilities related to advisory and consulting services performed by Dr. Shizuru as of September 30, 2024.
Also, the Company s Licensed Technology from Stanford (see Note 6) was created in the Stanford laboratory of Dr. Shizuru. 

In the first quarter of 2024, a senior executive
of the Company joined the Board of Directors of an information technology service provider that the Company has historically utilized
to support a broad array of the Company s systems infrastructure as well as for general information technology support services. For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid that service provider million and million, respectively,
for various information technology support services. 

22 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related
notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report and with
the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2024. Certain of the information contained in this
discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, including information with respect to plans and strategy for
our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those
factors set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors , in Part I - Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024, as updated by the factors described under the heading Risk Factors 
in Part II - Item 1A of this Quarterly Report, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by
the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. You should carefully read the section entitled
 Risk Factors to gain an understanding of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
our forward-looking statements. Please also see Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements below.
The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or may not occur, and actual results could
differ materially from those described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis.
As a result of these risks, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to revise
or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. 

Throughout this Quarterly Report, unless the
context otherwise requires, the terms Jasper, we, us and our in this Quarterly
Report refer to Jasper Therapeutics, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiary. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements contained in this Quarterly
Report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of federal securities laws. Such statements can be identified
by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements.
The words anticipate , believe , contemplate , continue , 
 could , estimate , expect , intends , may , 
 might , plan , possible , potential , predict , 
 project , should , will , would and similar expressions
(including the negative of any of the foregoing) may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not
mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly
Report may include, for example, but are not limited to, statements about: 

our or our management team s
 expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future; 

our ability to research,
 discover and develop additional product candidates; 

the success, cost and timing
 of our product development activities and clinical trials; 

the potential attributes
 and benefits of our product candidates; 

our ability to obtain and
 maintain regulatory approval for our product candidates; 

23 

our ability to obtain funding
 for our operations; 

our projected financial
 information, anticipated growth rate and market opportunity; 

our ability to maintain
 the listing of our public securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

our public securities 
 potential liquidity and trading; 

our success in retaining
 or recruiting, or changes required in, officers, key employees or directors; 

our ability to grow and
 manage growth profitably; 

the implementation, market
 acceptance and success of our business model, developments and projections relating to our competitors and industry; 

our ability to obtain and
 maintain intellectual property protection and not infringe on the rights of others; 

our ability to identify,
 in-license or acquire additional technology; and 

our ability to maintain
 our existing license agreements and manufacturing arrangements. 

These forward-looking statements are based
on current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects. There can be no assurance that future
developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties
(some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those
factors described under the heading Risk Factors in Part I - Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024, as updated by the factors described under the heading Risk Factors 
in Part II - Item 1A of this Quarterly Report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should
any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.
Some of these risks and uncertainties may in the future be amplified, and there may be additional risks that we consider immaterial or
which are unknown. It is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements
because of the risks and uncertainties related to them and to the risk factors. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under
applicable securities laws. 

Overview 

We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company
focused on developing therapeutics targeting mast cell driven diseases such as Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria CSU ), Chronic
Inducible Urticaria CIndU and Asthma. We also have ongoing programs in diseases where targeting diseased hemopoietic
stem cells can provide benefits, such as stem cell transplant conditioning regimens. 

24 

Our lead product candidate, briquilimab, is a monoclonal
antibody designed to block stem cell factor SCF from binding to and signaling through the CD117 c-Kit receptor on mast and stem cells. The SCF/c-Kit pathway is a survival signal for mast cells and we believe that blocking this pathway may
lead to depletion of these cells from skin, which could lead to significant clinical benefit for patients with mast-cell driven diseases
such as chronic urticarias. To that end, we are focusing on advancing a portfolio of clinical programs in mast cell driven diseases. Development
highlights include: 

We
commenced the Phase 1b/2a BEACON study in CSU in early 2024, 

We
commenced the Phase 1b/2a SPOTLIGHT study in CIndU in early 2024. In October 2024, we presented positive preliminary data from the study
showing the following for the 6-week preliminary analysis period following dosing: 

o Across
both dosing cohorts in the study, 14 of the 15 participants (93 achieved a clinical response, 

o In
the 120mg dose cohort, 10 of 12 participants (83 experienced a complete response, and 1 participant experienced a partial response,
and 

o Briquilimab
was well tolerated in the study, with no serious adverse events (SAEs) and no grade 3 or higher adverse events (AEs) reported, 

We
are commencing a Phase 1b/2a study in Asthma, and 

We
are actively evaluating the potential for briquilimab in additional mast cell driven diseases. 

We also believe that utilizing briquilimab to block
SCF binding and signaling can selectively result in the depletion of diseased hematopoietic stem cells HSCs from the bone
marrow in certain hematologic malignancies such as myelodysplastic syndrome MDS ). We evaluated briquilimab in a Phase 1
trial as a second-line therapy in patients with Lower to Intermediate Risk Myelodysplastic Syndrome LR-MDS and briquilimab
demonstrated an ability to deplete diseased HSCs and was well-tolerated by patients without exacerbating pre-existing anemia, neutropenia
or thrombocytopenia. However, the reduction in diseased HSCs did not ultimately translate into an improvement in hematopoiesis for patients,
and as a result we have discontinued development of briquilimab in LR-MDS. We are also developing briquilimab as a one-time conditioning
therapy in severe combined immunodeficiency SCID patients undergoing a second stem cell transplant for which we are currently
conducting a Phase 1/2 clinical trial. Briquilimab is also being studied by our academic and institutional partners, Stanford University
and the National Institutes of Health, in other transplant settings, including Fanconi Anemia FA ), sickle cell disease SCD ), chronic granulomatous disease and GATA-2 Type MDS. 

We intend to become a fully integrated discovery,
development and commercial company in the field of mast cell therapeutics. We are developing our product candidates to be used individually
or, in some cases, in combination with other therapeutics. Our goal is to advance our product candidates through regulatory approval
and bring them to the commercial market based on the data from our clinical trials and communications with regulatory agencies and payor
communities. We expect to continue to broaden our pipeline with additional mast cell indications and next-generation products by leveraging
our research organization. 

We have an exclusive license agreement with Amgen
Inc. Amgen for the development and commercialization of the briquilimab monoclonal antibody in all indications and territories
worldwide. We also have an exclusive license agreement with Stanford University for the right to use briquilimab in the clearance of
diseased stem cells prior to the transplantation of HSCs. 

Since our inception, we have devoted substantially
all of our resources to performing research and development, enabling manufacturing activities in support of our product development
efforts, hiring personnel, acquiring and developing our technology and product candidates, performing business planning, establishing
our intellectual property portfolio, raising capital and providing general and administrative support for these activities. We do not
have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. We expect to continue to incur significant
and increasing expenses and substantial losses for the foreseeable future as we continue our development of and seek regulatory approvals
for our product candidates and commercialize any approved products, seek to expand our product pipeline and invest in our organization.
We expect to incur increased expenses associated with operating as a public company, including significant legal, audit, accounting,
regulatory, tax-related, director and officer insurance, investor relations and other expenses. 

25 

We have incurred significant losses and negative
cash flows from operations since our inception. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred net losses of
 18.6 million and 46.9 million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred net losses
of 17.5 million and 47.9 million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had negative cash flows
from operations of 41.5 million and 35.6 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of
 216.5 million. 

We had cash and cash equivalents of 92.5 million
as of September 30, 2024. We expect to continue to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future, and our transition to profitability
will depend upon successful development, approval and commercialization of our product candidates and upon achievement of sufficient
revenues to support our cost structure. We do not expect to generate any revenue from commercial product sales unless and until we successfully
complete development and obtain regulatory approval for one or more of our product candidates. We may never achieve profitability, and
unless we do and until then, we will need to continue to raise additional capital. 

Our management plans to monitor expenses and raise
additional capital through a combination of public and private equity, debt financings, strategic alliances, and licensing arrangements.
Our ability to access capital when needed is not assured and, if capital is not available to us when, and in the amounts, needed, we
may be required to significantly curtail, delay or discontinue one or more of our research or development programs or the commercialization
of any product candidate, or be unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities, as desired, which
could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We expect our expenses will increase substantially
in connection with our ongoing and planned activities, as we: 

advance product candidates through preclinical studies
 and clinical trials; 

procure the manufacture of supplies for our preclinical
 studies and clinical trials; 

acquire, discover, validate, and develop additional
 product candidates; 

attract, hire and retain additional personnel; 

operate as a public company; 

implement operational, financial and management systems; 

pursue regulatory approval for any product candidates
 that successfully complete clinical trials; 

establish a sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure
 to commercialize any product candidate for which we may obtain marketing approval and related commercial manufacturing build-out;
 and 

obtain, maintain, expand, and protect our portfolio
 of intellectual property rights. 

We do not currently own or operate any manufacturing
facility. We rely on contract manufacturing organizations CMOs to produce our drug candidates in accordance with the
FDA s current good manufacturing practices cGMP regulations for use in our clinical studies. The manufacture of
pharmaceuticals is subject to extensive cGMP regulations, which impose various procedural and documentation requirements and govern all
areas of record keeping, production processes and controls, personnel and quality control. Under our license agreement with Amgen, we
have received a substantial amount of drug product to support initiation of our planned clinical trials of briquilimab. In November 2019,
we entered into development and manufacturing agreements with Lonza Sales AG Lonza relating to the manufacturing of briquilimab
and product quality testing. The facility of Lonza in Slough, United Kingdom is responsible for production and testing of drug substance.
The facility of Lonza in Stein, Switzerland is responsible for production and testing of drug product. Labelling, packaging and storage
of finished drug product is provided by PCI Pharma Services, in San Diego, California. Our agreement with Lonza includes certain limitations
on our ability to enter into supply arrangements with any other supplier without Lonza s consent. In addition, Lonza has the right
to increase the prices it charges us for certain supplies depending on a number of factors, some of which are outside of our control. 

26 

We do not currently have sales and marketing infrastructure
to support commercial launch of our product candidates, if approved. We may build such capabilities in North America prior to potential
launch of briquilimab. Outside of North America, we may rely on licensing, co-sale and co-promotion agreements with strategic partners
for the commercialization of our product candidates. If we build a commercial infrastructure to support marketing in North America, such
commercial infrastructure could be expected to include a targeted sales force supported by sales management, internal sales support,
an internal marketing group and distribution support. To develop the appropriate commercial infrastructure internally, we would have
to invest financial and management resources, some of which would have to be deployed prior to any confirmation that briquilimab will
be approved. 

Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with product development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when or if we will be able
to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we are able to generate revenue from the sale of our product candidates, we may not become
profitable. If we fail to become profitable or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may be unable to continue
our operations at planned levels and may be forced to reduce our operations. 

Components of Results of Operations 

Operating Expenses 

Research and Development 

The largest component of our total operating expenses
since our inception has been research and development activities, including the preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates.
Research and development expenses consist primarily of compensation and benefits for research and development employees, including stock-based compensation;
expenses incurred under agreements with clinical research organizations CROs and investigative sites that conduct preclinical
and clinical studies; the costs of acquiring and manufacturing clinical study materials and other supplies; payments under licensing
and research and development agreements; other outside services and consulting costs; and facilities, information technology and overhead
expenses. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. 

External research and development costs include: 

costs incurred under agreements
 with third-party CROs, CMOs and other third parties that conduct preclinical and clinical activities on our behalf and manufacture
 our product candidates; 

costs associated with acquiring
 technology and intellectual property licenses that have no alternative future uses; 

consulting fees associated
 with our research and development activities; and 

other costs associated
 with our research and development programs, including laboratory materials and supplies. 

Internal research and development costs include: 

employee-related costs,
 including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense for our research and development personnel; and 

other expenses and allocated
 overheads incurred in connection with our research and development programs. 

27 

We expect our research and development expenses
to increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we advance our product candidates into and through preclinical studies and clinical
trials, pursue regulatory approval of our product candidates and expand our pipeline of product candidates. The process of conducting
the necessary preclinical and clinical research to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time-consuming. The actual probability of
success for our product candidates may be affected by a variety of factors, including the safety and efficacy of our product candidates,
early clinical data, investment in our clinical programs, competition, manufacturing capability and commercial viability. We may never
succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. As a result of the uncertainties discussed above, we are
unable to determine the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects or if, when and to what extent we will
generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of our product candidates, if approved. 

Our future research and development costs may
vary significantly based on factors, such as: 

the scope, rate of progress,
 expense and results of our discovery and preclinical development activities; 

the costs and timing of
 our chemistry, manufacturing and controls activities, including fulfilling cGMP-related standards and compliance, and identifying
 and qualifying suppliers; 

per patient clinical trial
 costs; 

the number of trials required
 for approval; 

the number of sites included
 in our clinical trials; 

the countries in which
 the trials are conducted; 

delays in adding a sufficient
 number of trial sites and recruiting suitable patients to participate in our clinical trials; 

the number of patients
 that participate in the trials; 

the number of doses that
 patients receive; 

patient drop-out or
 discontinuation rates; 

potential additional safety
 monitoring requested by regulatory agencies; 

the duration of patient
 participation in the trials and follow up; 

the cost and timing of
 manufacturing our product candidates; 

the phase of development
 of our product candidates; 

the efficacy and safety
 profile of our product candidates; 

the timing, receipt, and
 terms of any approvals from applicable regulatory authorities, including the FDA and non-U.S. regulators; 

maintaining a continued
 acceptable safety profile of our product candidates following approval, if any, of our product candidates; 

significant and changing
 government regulation and regulatory guidance; 

28 

changes in the standard
 of care on which a clinical development plan was based, which may require new or additional trials; 

the extent to which we
 establish additional strategic collaborations or other arrangements; and 

the impact of any business
 interruptions to our operations or to those of the third parties with whom we work, particularly in light of geopolitical and macroeconomic
 trends. 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative expenses consist primarily
of personnel costs and expenses, including salaries, employee benefits, stock-based compensation for our executive and other administrative
personnel; legal services, including relating to intellectual property and corporate matters; accounting, auditing, consulting and tax
services; insurance; and facility and other allocated costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses. We expect our
general and administrative expenses to increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we anticipate an increase in our personnel
headcount to support expansion of research and development activities, as well as to support our operations generally. We also expect
to continue to incur significant expenses associated with being a public company, including costs related to accounting, audit, legal,
regulatory, and tax-related services associated with maintaining compliance with applicable Nasdaq and SEC requirements; additional
director and officer insurance costs; and investor and public relations costs. 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

Other income (expense), net includes foreign currency
transactions gains and losses, interest income, changes in the fair value of common stock warrant liability and earnout liability. These
financial instruments were classified as liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets and re-measured at each reporting
period end until they are exercised, settled or have expired. In January 2023, all outstanding common stock warrants met equity classification
and are no longer remeasured. The estimated fair value of the earnout liability was minimal as of December 31, 2023, due to the price
of our common stock relative to the price that would trigger a release of the earnout shares. The earnout liability expired in September
2024 as the common stock price targets were not achieved prior to the expiration of the earnout period. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and
2023 

The following table summarizes our results of
operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands, except percentages): 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 
 14,455 
 14,848 
 (393 
 (3 
 
 General and administrative 
 5,434 
 4,514 
 920 
 20 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 19,889 
 19,362 
 527 
 3 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (19,889 
 (19,362 
 (527 
 3 
 
 Interest income 
 1,284 
 1,433 
 (149 
 (10 
 
 Change in fair value of earnout liability 
 20 
 334 
 (314 
 (94 
 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 (52 
 51 
 (103 
 (202 
 
 Total other income, net 
 1,252 
 1,818 
 (566 
 (31 
 
 Net loss and comprehensive loss 
 (18,637 
 (17,544 
 (1,093 
 6 

29 

Research and Development Expenses 

The following table summarizes our research and
development expenses for the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentages): 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

External costs: 

CRO, CMO and other third-party preclinical studies and clinical trials 
 5,925 
 9,372 
 (3,447 
 (37 
 
 Consulting costs 
 1,361 
 1,183 
 178 
 15 
 
 Other research and development costs, including laboratory materials and supplies 
 1,157 
 573 
 584 
 102 
 
 Total external costs 
 8,443 
 11,128 
 (2,685 
 (24 

Internal costs: 

Personnel-related costs 
 4,002 
 2,452 
 1,550 
 63 
 
 Facilities and overhead costs 
 2,010 
 1,268 
 742 
 59 
 
 Total internal costs 
 6,012 
 3,720 
 2,292 
 62 
 
 Total research and development expense: 
 14,455 
 14,848 
 (393 
 (3 

Research and development expenses decreased by
 0.4 million, from 14.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 14.5 million for the three months ended September
30, 2024, mainly due to a decrease in product development activities. 

External clinical research organizations CRO ),
contract manufacturing organizations CMO and other third-party preclinical studies and clinical trials expenses decreased
by 3.5 million, from 9.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 5.9 million for the three months ended September
30, 2024. The decrease is primarily due to a 5.3 million decrease in manufacturing expenses, partially offset by an increase of 1.8
million in CRO expenses and an increase of 0.1 million in other clinical studies and trial related expenses. Expenses related to professional
consulting services increased by 0.2 million, from 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 1.4 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2024, due to additional work performed by consultants related to our pre-clinical studies. Other
external research and development costs increased by 0.6 million, from 0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to
 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to increases in purchases of laboratory materials and supplies and other
miscellaneous costs. 

Our external costs by program for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Briquilimab platform 
 3,228 
 8,478 
 
 Chronic Urticarias 
 3,110 
 641 
 
 SCID clinical trial 
 632 
 881 
 
 MDS/AML clinical trial 
 442 
 908 
 
 Other 
 1,031 
 220 
 
 Total external costs 
 8,443 
 11,128 

Personnel-related costs, including employee payroll
and related expenses, increased by 1.5 million, from 2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 4.0 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2024, as a result of hiring additional employees in our research and development organization. Facilities
and overheads include common facilities, human resources and information technology related expenses allocated to research and development,
which increased by 0.7 million, from 1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 2.0 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2024. 

30 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses increased
by 0.9 million, from 4.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 5.4 million for the three months ended September
30, 2024. Employee payroll and related expenses increased by 0.8 million, from 2.2 million for the three months ended September
30, 2023 to 3.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as a result of continued hiring of executives and administrative
employees. Stock-based compensation expenses were 1.4 million and 1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. Expenses related to professional consulting services increased by 0.1 million, from 1.9 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2023 to 2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Rent expenses increased by 0.1 million,
from 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024,
primarily related to a new short-term lease. 

Total Other Income, Net 

Total other income, net decreased by 0.5 million,
from 1.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Interest income decreased by 0.1 million, from
 1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due
to lower cash balances invested in money market funds. 

Our earnout liability related to the sponsor earnout
shares placed in escrow upon the closing of the business combination in September 2021. These shares would have been released from escrow
upon achieving agreed-upon common stock price targets within the specified period. The common stock price targets were not achieved prior
to the expiration of the earnout period in September 2024. Refer to Note 7 in our condensed consolidated financial statements included
in Part I - Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for additional details. The earnout liability was recorded at fair value using a Monte Carlo
simulation model and re-measured at each period end until it expired. The significant inputs used in the Monte Carlo model included the
expected volatility of our common stock, the expected risk-free interest rate, the expected common stock closing price and the expected
term when shares would be released. We recognized 0.3 million of other income related to changes in the fair value of the earnout liability
for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The earnout liability was valued at zero at the expiration date and less than 0.1 million
was recognized as other income for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Other income (expense), net is comprised of foreign
currency transactions gains and losses and was 0.1 million gain and 0.1 million loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, respectively. 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

The following table summarizes our results of
operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands, except percentages): 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 
 36,049 
 37,950 
 (1,901 
 (5 
 
 General and administrative 
 14,905 
 13,186 
 1,719 
 13 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 50,954 
 51,136 
 (182 
 0 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (50,954 
 (51,136 
 182 
 0 
 
 Interest income 
 4,120 
 3,965 
 155 
 4 
 
 Change in fair value of earnout liability 
 
 (10 
 10 
 (100 
 
 Change in fair value of common stock warrant liability 
 
 (575 
 575 
 (100 
 
 Other expense, net 
 (114 
 (128 
 14 
 (11 
 
 Total other income, net 
 4,006 
 3,252 
 754 
 23 
 
 Net loss and comprehensive loss 
 (46,948 
 (47,884 
 936 
 (2 

31 

Research and Development Expenses 

The following table summarizes our research and
development expenses for the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentages): 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

External costs: 

CRO, CMO and other third-party preclinical studies and clinical trials 
 13,847 
 21,804 
 (7,957 
 (36 
 
 Consulting costs 
 3,854 
 3,428 
 426 
 12 
 
 Other research and development costs, including laboratory materials and supplies 
 2,909 
 1,787 
 1,122 
 63 
 
 Total external costs 
 20,610 
 27,019 
 (6,409 
 (24 

Internal costs: 

Personnel-related costs 
 10,830 
 7,407 
 3,423 
 46 
 
 Facilities and overhead costs 
 4,609 
 3,524 
 1,085 
 31 
 
 Total internal costs 
 15,439 
 10,931 
 4,508 
 41 
 
 Total research and development expense: 
 36,049 
 37,950 
 (1,901 
 (5 

Research and development expenses decreased by
 2.0 million, from 38.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 36.0 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2024, mainly due to a decrease in product development activities. 

External CRO, CMO and other third-party preclinical
studies and clinical trials expenses decreased by 8.0 million, from 21.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 13.8
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease is primarily due to a 12.0 million decrease in manufacturing expenses
and a 0.4 million decrease in expenses related to pre-clinical studies, partially offset by an increase of 4.3 million in CRO expenses
and an increase of 0.1 million in other clinical studies and trial related expenses. Expenses related to professional consulting services
increased by 0.4 million, from 3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 3.9 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, due to additional work performed by consultants related to our pre-clinical studies. Other external research
and development costs increased by 1.1 million, from 1.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 2.9 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to increases in purchases of laboratory materials and supplies and other miscellaneous costs. 

Our external costs by program for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Chronic Urticarias 
 7,956 
 1,648 
 
 Briquilimab platform 
 7,864 
 19,231 
 
 SCID clinical trial 
 1,639 
 1,673 
 
 MDS/AML clinical trial 
 1,511 
 3,442 
 
 Other 
 1,640 
 1,025 
 
 Total external costs 
 20,610 
 27,019 

32 

Personnel-related costs, including employee payroll
and related expenses increased by 3.4 million, from 7.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 10.8 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024, as a result of hiring additional employees in our research and development organization. Facilities
and overheads include common facilities, human resources and information technology related expenses allocated to research and development,
which increased by 1.1 million, from 3.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 4.6 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses increased
by 1.7 million, from 13.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 14.9 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2024. Employee payroll and related expenses increased by 2.4 million, from 5.8 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2023 to 8.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as a result of continued hiring of executives and administrative
employees. Stock-based compensation expenses were 3.2 million and 2.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. Expenses related to professional consulting services were 5.3 million for each of the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023. Rent expenses were 0.6 million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Other expenses,
including insurance, office supplies, subscriptions and other miscellaneous expenses, decreased by 0.8 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily related to decreased insurance expenses,
investor and public relations related expenses and expensed software. 

Total Other Income, Net 

Total other income, net increased by 0.7 million,
from 3.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 4.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Interest income increased by 0.1 million, from
 4.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 4.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due
to higher cash balances invested in money market funds. 

We recognized 0.6 million of other expenses related
to the change in the fair value of the common stock warrants for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These warrants are publicly
traded, were classified as liabilities and were remeasured at fair value, which was the closing market price of a warrant, at the end
of each reporting period until January 2023. In January 2023, an investor converted all its outstanding shares of non-voting common stock
into shares of voting common stock, and we no longer have any outstanding shares of non-voting common stock. As such, the outstanding
warrants met equity classification criteria, were reclassified to equity and are no longer remeasured at fair value at the end of each
reporting period. 

Our earnout liability related to the sponsor earnout
shares placed in escrow upon the closing of the business combination in September 2021. These shares would have been released from escrow
upon achieving agreed-upon common stock price targets within the specified period. The common stock price targets were not achieved and
the earnout liability expired in September 2024. We recognized zero and less than 0.1 million of other expense related to the changes
in the fair value of the earnout liability for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Other expense, net is comprised of foreign currency transactions gains
and losses and was 0.1 million loss for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024, we had 92.5 million
of cash and cash equivalents. 

In order to assist in funding our future operations,
including our planned clinical trials, on April 28, 2023, we filed a universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC,
which was declared effective on May 5, 2023 and will expire on May 5, 2026 (the S-3 ), which allows us to, from time to
time, offer up to 250.0 million of securities, including any combination of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants,
rights, units and depositary shares. We believe that the S-3 will provide us with the flexibility to raise additional capital to finance
our operations as needed. From time to time, we may offer securities under the S-3 in response to market conditions or other circumstances
if we believe such a plan of financing is in the best interests of our stockholders. The terms of any offering under the S-3 will be
established at the time of such offering and will be described in a prospectus supplement to the S-3 filed with the SEC prior to the
completion of any such offering. 

33 

On November 10, 2022, we entered into a Controlled
Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (the Agent ),
pursuant to which we may offer and sell through or to the Agent, as sales agent or principal, shares of our voting common stock from
time to time (the ATM Offering ). The Agent will use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal sales and
trading practices to sell shares from time to time, based upon our instructions (including any price or size limits or other customary
parameters or conditions we may impose). We will pay a commission equal to 3.0 of the aggregate gross proceeds of any shares sold through
the Agent pursuant to the Sales Agreement. We are not obligated to sell any shares under the Sales Agreement. The Sales Agreement will
continue until all shares available under the Sales Agreement have been sold unless it is terminated earlier. On May 5, 2023, we filed
with the SEC a prospectus under the S-3 in connection with the ATM Offering (the ATM Prospectus ), pursuant to which we
may offer and sell shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 75.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, there
have been no sales pursuant to the ATM Prospectus. 

In February 2024, we closed an underwritten offering
that was conducted off the S-3 and issued 3,900,000 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 47.2 million. As of September 30, 2024,
 75.0 million remained allocated and available under the ATM Prospectus and 124.5 million remained available and unallocated under the
S-3. 

Future Funding Requirements 

Our primary uses of cash are to fund our operations,
which consist primarily of research and development expenditures related to our programs and, to a lesser extent, general and administrative
expenditures. We anticipate that we will continue to incur significant expenses for the foreseeable future as we continue to advance
our product candidates, expand our corporate infrastructure, operate as a public company, further our research and development initiatives
for our product candidates, scale our laboratory and manufacturing operations, and incur marketing costs associated with potential commercialization.
We are subject to all the risks typically related to the development of new drug candidates, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses,
difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. We anticipate that we will need
substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. 

We have incurred significant losses and negative
cash flows from operations since our inception. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 216.5 million. Given
our recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows, and based on our current operating plan, we have concluded that there is
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date of filing of this Quarterly Report. We
expect to finance our future cash needs through equity or debt financings, collaborations or a combination of these approaches. The sale
of equity or convertible debt securities may result in dilution to our stockholders, and, in the case of preferred equity securities or
convertible debt, those securities could provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common stock. Debt financings
may subject us to covenant limitations or restrictions on our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt or making
capital expenditures. Our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by negative global economic conditions and any disruptions
to and volatility in the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide or other factors. There can be no assurance that
we will be successful in acquiring additional funding at levels sufficient to fund our operations or on terms favorable or acceptable
to us. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing when needed or on terms favorable or acceptable to us, we may be forced to delay,
reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research and development programs. 

Our future financing requirements will depend
on many factors, including: 

the timing, scope, progress,
 results and costs of research and development, preclinical and non-clinical studies and clinical trials for our current and
 future product candidates; 

the number, scope and duration
 of clinical trials required for regulatory approval of our current and future product candidates; 

34 

the outcome, timing and
 costs of seeking and obtaining regulatory approvals from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for our product candidates,
 including any requirement to conduct additional studies or generate additional data beyond that which we currently expect would be
 required to support a marketing application; 

the costs of manufacturing
 clinical and commercial supplies of our current and future product candidates; 

the costs and timing of
 future commercialization activities, including product manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution, for any of our product candidates
 for which we receive marketing approval; 

any product liability or
 other lawsuits related to our product candidates; 

the revenue, if any, received
 from commercial sales of any product candidates for which we may receive marketing approval; 

our ability to establish
 a commercially viable pricing structure and obtain approval for coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party and government
 payers; 

the costs to establish,
 maintain, expand, enforce and defend the scope of our intellectual property portfolio, including the amount and timing of any payments
 we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with licensing, preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing
 our patents or other intellectual property rights; 

expenses incurred to attract,
 hire and retain skilled personnel; and 

the costs of operating
 as a public company. 

A change in the outcome of any of these or other
variables could significantly change the costs and timing associated with the development of our product candidates. Furthermore, our
operating plans may change in the future, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements associated
with such change. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

We enter into contracts in the normal course of
business with CROs for clinical trials, with CMOs for clinical supplies manufacturing and with other vendors for preclinical
studies, supplies and other services and products for operating purposes. These contracts generally provide for termination on notice
or may have a potential termination fee if a purchase order is cancelled within a specified time, and therefore are cancelable contracts.
We do not expect any such contract terminations and did not have any non-cancellable obligations under these agreements as of September
30, 2024. 

Leases 

In August 2020 and January 2022, we leased approximately
13,400 square feet of space for our headquarters in Redwood City, California. The lease expires in August 2026. We have an option to
extend the term for an additional five years to August 2031. In addition to base rent, we pay our share of operating expenses and taxes.
As of September 30, 2024, our rent commitments under the lease agreement were 1.2 million within the next 12 months from September 30,
2024, and 1.0 million for the remainder of the lease term. 

35 

Stanford License Agreement 

In March 2021, we entered into the Stanford License
Agreement. In July 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Stanford License Agreement to modify certain milestones set forth thereunder.
Pursuant to the Stanford License Agreement we are required to pay annual license maintenance fees, beginning on the first anniversary
of the effective date of the agreement and ending upon the first commercial sale of a product, method, or service in the licensed field
of use, as follows: 25,000 for each first and second year, 35,000 for each third and fourth year, and 50,000 at each anniversary thereafter
ending upon the first commercial sale. We are also obligated to pay late-stage clinical development milestone payments and first commercial
sales milestone payments of up to 9.0 million in total. We will also pay low single-digit royalties on net sales of licensed products.
All products were in development as of September 30, 2024, and no such royalties were due as of such date and no milestones were achieved. 

Cash Flows 

The following table summarizes our sources and
uses of cash for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (41,468 
 (35,588 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (456 
 (37 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 47,539 
 101,242 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 5,615 
 65,617 

Cash Flows Used in Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 41.5
million and 35.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Cash used in operating activities in the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to our net loss for the period of 46.9 million, adjusted by non-cash net loss of 6.1 million
and a net change of 0.7 million in our net operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash amounts consisted of 4.6 million related to
stock-based compensation expense, 1.1 million related to depreciation and amortization expense and 0.4 million of non-cash lease expense.
The changes in our net operating assets and liabilities were primarily due to a decrease of 1.1 million in accounts payable, a decrease
of 0.7 million in operating lease liability and an increase of 0.3 million in prepaid expenses and other current assets, offset by an
increase of 1.1 million in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and a decrease of 0.3 million in other non-current assets. 

Cash used in operating activities in the nine
months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to our net loss for the period of 47.9 million, adjusted by non-cash net loss of 5.8
million and a net change of 6.5 million in our net operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash amounts consisted of 4.1 million
related to stock-based compensation expense, 0.6 million net loss related to the changes in fair value of common stock warrant liability
and the earnout liability, 0.8 million related to depreciation and amortization expense and 0.3 million non-cash lease expense. The
changes in our net operating assets and liabilities were primarily due to an increase of 3.2 million in accrued expenses and other current
liabilities, an increase of 1.5 million in accounts payable, a decrease of 0.7 million in other receivables, a decrease of 1.5 million
in prepaid expenses and other current assets and a decrease of 0.3 million in other non-current assets, partially offset by a decrease
of 0.6 million in operating lease liability and a decrease of less than 0.1 million in other non-current liabilities. 

Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 

Cash used in investing activities was 0.5 million
and less than 0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which primarily consisted of leasehold
improvements, purchases of the computer and lab equipment. 

36 

Cash Flows Provided by Financing Activities 

Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 was 47.5 million, which consisted primarily of net proceeds from the issuance and sale of shares of common stock in an underwritten
public offering of 47.2 million, cash received from the exercise of stock options of 0.3 million and cash received from the issuance
of common stock in connection with purchases under our employee stock purchase plan of less than 0.1 million. 

Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September
30, 2023 was 101.2 million, which consisted primarily of net proceeds from the issuance and sale of shares of common stock in an underwritten
public offering and the ATM Offering of 101.5 million, cash received from the exercise of stock options of 0.4 million and cash received
from the issuance of common stock in connection with purchases under our employee stock purchase plan of less than 0.1 million, partially
offset by taxes withheld and paid related to net settlement of equity awards of 0.7 million. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

Our critical accounting policies are disclosed
in Note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II - Item 8 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024. Since the date of such financial statements, there have been no material
changes to our significant accounting policies. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements included in Part I - Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for more information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements. 

JOBS Act 

The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012
(the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, registration statement
declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act )) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can
elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any
such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have opted to take advantage of the exemption for complying with new or revised accounting
standards within the same time periods as private companies, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time
private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our condensed consolidated financial statements with
another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended
transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following November 22, 2024, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue
of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common
equity that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter;
and (ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.
References herein to emerging growth company have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

37 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

There have been no material changes to our market
risk during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For a discussion of our exposure to market risk, refer to the section titled Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk included in Part II - Item 7A of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules
and forms. Our disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. As required by Rule 13a-15(b) or Rule 15d-15(b) promulgated by the Securities
and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based on the foregoing, our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end
of the period covered by this Quarterly Report at the reasonable assurance level. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30,
2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

38 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

We are not currently party to, and none of our
property is currently the subject of, any material legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024, in Part I Item 1A, Risk Factors, describes important risk factors
that could cause our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects to differ materially from those indicated
or suggested by forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report or presented elsewhere by management from time to time. Except
as set forth below, there have been no material changes in the risk factors that appear in Part I - Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known
to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional
Capital 

We have incurred significant net losses and negative operating
cash flows since our inception. We expect to incur net losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company
dedicated to enabling cures through therapeutics targeting mast and hematopoietic stem cells and have a limited operating history. Investment
in biopharmaceutical product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant
risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate effect or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval
and become commercially viable. We have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales
to date, and we continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a result,
we are not profitable and have incurred losses and negative operating cash flows in each period since our inception. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we reported net losses of 46.9 million and 47.9 million, respectively. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we reported negative operating cash flows of 41.5 million and 35.6 million, respectively.
As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 216.5 million. We have devoted all of our efforts to organizing and staffing
our company, business and scientific planning, raising capital, acquiring and developing technology, identifying potential product candidates,
undertaking research and preclinical studies of potential product candidates, developing manufacturing capabilities and evaluating a
clinical path for our pipeline programs. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the
foreseeable future, and we expect these losses to increase as we continue our research and development of, and seek regulatory approvals
for, our product candidates. 

The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly
from quarter to quarter. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: 

continue the clinical development of briquilimab in
 chronic diseases such as Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria CSU ), Chronic Inducible Urticaria CIndU ), Asthma
 and other indications; 

continue the open label Phase 1/2 clinical trial
 for briquilimab for Severe Combined Immunodeficiency SCID and the Phase 1b/2a clinical trial of subcutaneous briquilimab
 for the treatment of CIndU; 

continue our current research programs and development
 of other potential product candidates from our current research programs; 

39 

seek to identify additional product candidates and
 research programs; 

initiate preclinical testing and clinical trials for
 any other product candidates we identify and develop; 

maintain, expand, enforce, defend and protect our intellectual
 property portfolio, and provide reimbursement of third-party expenses related to our patent portfolio; 

seek marketing approvals for any product candidates
 that successfully complete clinical trials; 

ultimately establish a sales, marketing and distribution
 infrastructure to commercialize any product candidates for which we may obtain marketing approval; 

adapt our regulatory compliance efforts to incorporate
 requirements applicable to any approved product candidates; 

hire additional research and development and clinical
 personnel; 

hire commercial personnel and advance market access
 and reimbursement strategies; 

add operational, financial and management information
 systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development; 

acquire or in-license product candidates, intellectual
 property and technologies; 

develop or in-license manufacturing and distribution
 technologies; 

should we decide to do so and receive approval for
 any of our product candidates, build and maintain, or purchase and validate, commercial-scale manufacturing facilities designed
 to comply with current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMP requirements; and 

incur additional legal, accounting and other expenses
 in operating as a public company. 

As a company, we have not completed clinical development
of any product candidate and expect that it will be several years, if ever, before we have a product candidate ready for commercialization.
To become and remain profitable, we must develop and, either directly or through collaborators, eventually commercialize a product or
products with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including identifying
product candidates, completing preclinical testing and clinical trials of product candidates, obtaining marketing approval for these
product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling those products for which we may obtain marketing approval and satisfying any
post-marketing requirements. 

We may never succeed in these activities and,
even if we do, may never generate revenues that are significant or large enough to achieve profitability. Our product candidates and
research programs are currently only in the early stages of development. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with
developing product candidates, we are unable to predict the extent of any future losses or when we will become profitable, if at all.
If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to
become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research
and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could also cause
you to lose all or part of your investment. 

40 

We will need substantial additional funding, which may not be
available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate
our research and product development programs or future commercialization efforts. 

We expect to spend substantial amounts of cash
to conduct further research and development and preclinical testing and clinical trials of our product candidates, to seek regulatory
approvals for our product candidates and to launch and commercialize any product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval.
Furthermore, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial
additional funding in order to maintain our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms,
we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and product development programs or future commercialization efforts. As
of September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents were 92.5 million and we had an accumulated deficit of 216.5 million. Although
we raised total estimated net proceeds of 47.2 million in February 2024 in connection with the issuance and sale of 3,900,000 shares
of our common stock in an underwritten offering, we will need to raise additional financing to continue our products development
for the foreseeable future, and will continue to need to do so until we become profitable. Our future financing requirements will depend
on many factors, including: 

the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results
 of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our product candidates; 

the costs of continuing to build our technology platform
 for use in developing our product candidates; 

the costs of developing, acquiring or in-licensing additional
 targeted therapies to use in combination with briquilimab and other product candidates we may develop; 

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent
 applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property and proprietary rights and defending intellectual property-related claims
 in the United States and internationally; 

the number and characteristics of product candidates
 that we develop or may in-license; 

our ability to establish and maintain collaborations
 on favorable terms, if at all; 

the achievement of milestones or occurrence of other
 developments that trigger payments under any collaboration agreements we enter into; 

the outcome, timing and cost of meeting regulatory
 requirements established by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), the European Medical Agency (the
 EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

the cost and timing of completion of commercial-scale outsourced
 manufacturing activities; 

the cost of establishing sales, marketing and distribution
 capabilities for any product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval in regions where we choose to commercialize
 our products on our own; and 

the costs of operating as a public company. 

Conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials
is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data
or results required to obtain marketing approval and achieve product sales. In addition, even if we successfully develop product candidates
and those are approved, we may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from sales of products
that we do not expect to be commercially available for several years, if at all. Accordingly, we will need to continue to rely
on additional financing to achieve our business objectives. 

We currently have an effective universal shelf
registration statement on Form S-3, which we filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023, and which was declared effective on May 5, 2023 and
will expire on May 5, 2026 (the Shelf Registration Statement ). Pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement, we may offer
from time to time up to an aggregate of 250.0 million of securities, including any combination of common stock, preferred stock, debt
securities, warrants, rights, units and depositary shares. On November 10, 2022, we entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales
Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (the Agent ), pursuant to which we may offer and sell through or to the Agent,
as sales agent or principal, shares of common stock from time to time (the ATM Offering ). On May 5, 2023, we filed with
the SEC under the Shelf Registration Statement a prospectus with the SEC in connection with the ATM Offering (the ATM Prospectus ),
pursuant to which we may offer pursuant to the ATM Offering shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 75.0
million. No securities were sold pursuant to the ATM Prospectus as of September 30, 2024. In February 2024, we issued and sold 3,900,000
shares of our common stock in an underwritten offering pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement for an estimated net proceeds of
 47.2 million pursuant an underwriting agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC and Evercore Group L.L.C., as the representatives of the
several underwriters named therein. 

41 

As of September 30, 2024, 75.0 million remains
allocated and available under the ATM Prospectus and approximately 124.5 million remains available and unallocated under the Shelf Registration
Statement. 

If we raise additional capital by issuing equity
securities, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders may be reduced, and accordingly these stockholders may experience substantial
dilution. We may also issue equity securities that provide for rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock.
Given our need for cash and that equity issuances are the most common type of fundraising for similarly situated companies, the risk
of dilution is particularly significant for our stockholders. 

Any additional fundraising efforts may divert
our management from our day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize product candidates.
We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. We have no committed source of additional
capital and, if we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly
delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of product candidates or other research and development initiatives.
Our license agreements and any future collaboration agreements may also be terminated if we are unable to meet the payment or other obligations
under the agreements. We could be required to seek collaborators for product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable
or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available or relinquish or license on unfavorable terms our rights to product
candidates in markets where we otherwise would seek to pursue development or commercialization ourselves. 

Our management believes that our existing cash
and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 will be sufficient to fund our operating plan for at least twelve months from the date
of filing of this Quarterly Report. However, we will need to raise additional financing to continue our products development
for the foreseeable future, and will continue to need to do so until we become profitable. If we are unable to obtain funding when and
as needed on a timely basis, we may be required to significantly curtail, delay or discontinue one or more of our research or development
programs or the commercialization of any product candidate, or be unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business
opportunities, as desired, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any of the above
events could significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations and cause the price of our common
stock to decline. 

As a result of our history of losses and negative cash flows
from operations, our management has performed an analysis and concluded that substantial doubt exists about our ability to continue as
a going concern, and we will need to raise additional financing to continue our products development. 

Our history of operating losses and negative cash
flows from operations combined with our anticipated use of cash to fund operations raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern beyond one year from the date of filing of this Quarterly Report. Our financial statements as of September 30, 2024
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Based on our current operating plan, we will need
to raise additional financing to continue our products development for the foreseeable future, and until we become profitable.
Our future viability as an ongoing business is dependent on our ability to generate cash from our operating activities or to raise additional
capital to finance our operations. We expect to finance our future cash needs through equity or debt financings, collaborations or a combination
of these approaches. The sale of equity or convertible debt securities may result in dilution to our stockholders, and, in the case of
preferred equity securities or convertible debt, those securities could provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those
of our common stock. Debt financings may subject us to covenant limitations or restrictions on our ability to take specific actions, such
as incurring additional debt or making capital expenditures. Our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by negative
global economic conditions and any disruptions to and volatility in the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide
or other factors. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in acquiring additional funding at levels sufficient to fund our
operations or on terms favorable or acceptable to us. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing when needed or on terms favorable
or acceptable to us, we may be forced to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research and development programs. 

The perception that we might be unable to continue
as a going concern may also make it more difficult to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations on terms that are favorable
to us, or at all, and could result in the loss of confidence by investors and employees. Our consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, we may
have to liquidate our assets and may receive less than the value at which those assets are carried on our consolidated financial statements,
and it is likely that our investors will lose all or a part of their investment. 

42 

Risks Related to Discovery, Development, Manufacturing and Commercialization 

We may not be successful in our efforts to identify, develop
and commercialize additional product candidates. If these efforts are unsuccessful, we may never become a commercial stage company
or generate any revenues. 

The
success of our business depends primarily upon our ability to identify, develop, and commercialize additional product candidates based
on, or complementary with, our technology platform. We are currently enrolling patients in a Phase 1b/2a trial evaluating briquilimab
in patients with CSU, a Phase1b/2a trial evaluating briquilimab in patients with CIndU, a Phase 1b/2a asthma challenge study evaluating
briquilimab in asthma and a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of briquilimab as a conditioning agent prior to allogenic transplant for SCID
patients. We are also in the process of initiating other product development programs in mast cell driven diseases that are still in the
research or preclinical stage of development. Our research programs
may fail to identify additional indications for clinical development or product candidates for clinical development for a number of reasons.
Our research methodology may be unsuccessful in identifying potential product candidates, our potential product candidates may be shown
to have harmful side effects in preclinical in vitro experiments or animal model studies, they may not show promising signals of efficacy
in such experiments or studies or they may have other characteristics that may make the product candidates impractical to manufacture,
unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval. The historical failure rate for product candidates is high due to risks relating
to safety, efficacy, clinical execution, changing standards of medical care, and other unpredictable variables. In addition, although
we believe our technology platform will position us to rapidly expand our portfolio of product candidates beyond our current product candidates,
our ability to expand our portfolio may never materialize. 

If any of these events occur, we may be forced
to abandon our research or development efforts for a program or programs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Research programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical,
financial and human resources. We may focus our efforts and resources on potential programs or product candidates that ultimately prove
to be unsuccessful, which would be costly and time-consuming. 

We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product
candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is
a greater likelihood of success. 

Because we have limited financial and managerial
resources, we focus on research programs and product candidates that we identify for specific indications among many potential options.
As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to
have greater commercial potential. For example, on January 10, 2023, we announced, as part of an overall portfolio prioritization, that
we will focus on the development of our lead product candidate, briquilimab (formerly known as JSP191), in chronic mast and stem cell
diseases as well as a conditioning agent for stem cell transplant in rare diseases. This portfolio includes new programs as a therapeutic
for patients with CSU, CIndU and asthma, along with our existing program for briquilimab as a conditioning agent for stem cell transplant
in patients with sickle cell disease, Fanconi anemia or severe combined immunodeficiency. In addition, in May 2024, we announced the expansion
of our mast cell development program with a Phase 1b/2a study evaluating briquilimab in asthma patients. Our resource allocation decisions
may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial medicines or profitable market opportunities. Our projections of both the number
of people who have these diseases, as well as the subset of people with these diseases who have the potential to benefit from treatment
with our product candidates, are based on estimates. If any of our estimates are inaccurate, the market opportunities for any of our product
candidates could be significantly diminished and have an adverse material impact on our business. Additionally, the potentially addressable
patient population for our product candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our product candidates. Our spending
on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially
viable product candidates. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate
(including briquilimab), we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing, or other royalty
arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to
such product candidate. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. 

43 

Risks Related to Other Legal Compliance Matters 

Investors expectations of our performance relating to
environmental, social and governance factors may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 

There is an increasing focus from certain investors,
employees, regulators and other stakeholders concerning corporate responsibility, specifically related to environmental, social and governance ESG factors. Some investors and investor advocacy groups may use these factors to guide investment strategies and, in
some cases, investors may choose not to invest in our company if they believe our policies relating to corporate responsibility are inadequate.
Third-party providers of corporate responsibility ratings and reports on companies have increased to meet growing investor demand for
measurement of corporate responsibility performance, and a variety of organizations currently measure the performance of companies on
such ESG topics, and the results of these assessments are widely publicized. Investors, particularly institutional investors, use these
ratings to benchmark companies against their peers and if we are perceived as lagging with respect to ESG initiatives, certain investors
may engage with us to improve ESG disclosures or performance and may also make voting decisions, or take other actions, to hold us and
our board of directors accountable. In addition, the criteria by which our corporate responsibility practices are assessed may change,
which could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. If we elect
not to or are unable to satisfy such new criteria, investors may conclude that our policies with respect to corporate responsibility
are inadequate. 

We may face reputational damage in the event our
corporate responsibility initiatives or objectives do not meet the standards set by our investors, stockholders, lawmakers, listing exchanges
or other constituencies, or if we are unable to achieve an acceptable ESG or sustainability rating from third-party rating services.
A low ESG or sustainability rating by a third-party rating service could also result in the exclusion of our common stock from consideration
by certain investors who may elect to invest with our competition instead. Ongoing focus on corporate responsibility matters by investors
and other parties as described above may impose additional costs or expose us to new risks. Any failure or perceived failure by us in
this regard could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and on our business, share price, financial condition, or results
of operations, including the sustainability of our business over time. 

In addition, on March 6, 2024, the SEC finalized
new rules for public companies that will require, among other things, climate-related disclosures and analysis of the impact of climate-related
issues on our business strategy, results of operations, and financial condition (the SEC Climate Disclosure Rules ). The
new rules require disclosure of, among other things and to the extent material, our climate-related risks and opportunities, greenhouse
gas emissions inventory, climate-related targets and goals, and financial impacts of physical and transition risks. Subsequently, in
April 2024, the SEC issued an order staying implementation of the SEC Climate Disclosure Rules pending the resolution of certain challenges. 
Nonetheless, our legal, accounting, and other compliance expenses may increase significantly, and compliance efforts may divert management
time and attention as we prepare for the potential implementation of the SEC Climate Disclosure Rules, and such expenses, efforts and
diversions of management time and attention may be even greater if the SEC Climate Disclosure Rules ultimately go into effect. We may
also be exposed to legal or regulatory action or claims as a result of these new regulations. Separately, the SEC has also announced
that it is scrutinizing existing climate-change related disclosures in public filings, increasing the potential for enforcement if the
SEC were to allege our existing climate disclosures are misleading or deficient. All of these risks could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial position, and/or stock price. 

44 

Risks Related to Employee Matters, Managing Growth and Information
Technology 

We will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may
experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had 60 full-time
employees. As our development, manufacturing and commercialization plans and strategies develop and we continue our operations as a public
company, we expect to need and are actively recruiting additional managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial and other personnel.
Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 

identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and
 motivating additional employees; 

managing our internal development efforts effectively,
 including the clinical, FDA and international regulatory review process for our product candidates, while complying with our contractual
 obligations to contractors and other third parties; and 

improving our operational, financial and management
 controls, reporting systems and procedures. 

Our future financial performance and our ability
to commercialize our product candidates will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth, and our management
may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of time to managing these growth activities. 

We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future
will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations, advisors and consultants to provide certain services,
including substantially all aspects of regulatory approval, clinical management and manufacturing. We cannot assure you that the services
of independent organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we
can find qualified replacements. In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy
of the services provided by consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and
we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates or otherwise advance our business. We cannot assure you that
we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable
terms, or at all. If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants
and contractors, or if we are not able to effectively build out new facilities to accommodate this expansion, we may not be able to successfully
implement the tasks necessary for further development and commercialization of our product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve
our research, development and commercialization goals. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock and Warrants 

If our operations and performance do not meet the expectations
of investors or securities analysts or for other reasons, the market price of our securities may decline, and the market price of our
common stock may continue to be volatile. 

Any of the factors listed below could have a negative
impact on your investment in our securities, and our securities may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them.
In such circumstances, the trading price of our securities may not recover and may experience a further decline. 

Factors affecting the trading price of our securities
may include: 

adverse regulatory decisions; 

any delay in our regulatory filings for our product
 candidates and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the applicable regulatory authority s
 review of such filings, including without limitation the FDA s issuance of a refusal to file letter or a request
 for additional information; 

the Israel-Hamas war, the ongoing conflict between
 Ukraine and Russia and the global impact of restrictions and sanctions imposed on Russia and the impact thereof on the markets generally,
 including any adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions such as inflation; 

the commencement, enrollment or results of any future
 clinical trials we may conduct, or changes in the development status of our product candidates; 

45 

adverse results from, delays in or termination of clinical
 trials; 

unanticipated serious safety concerns related to the
 use of our product candidates; 

lower than expected market acceptance of our product
 candidates following approval for commercialization; 

changes in financial estimates by us or by any securities
 analysts who might cover our stock; 

changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 

stock market price and volume fluctuations of comparable
 companies and, in particular, those that operate in the biopharmaceutical industry; 

publication of research reports about us or our industry
 or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant
 acquisitions, strategic partnerships or divestitures; 

announcements of investigations or regulatory scrutiny
 of our operations or lawsuits filed against us; 

investors general perception of our business
 or management; 

recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

overall performance of the equity markets; 

disputes or other developments relating to intellectual
 property rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain, maintain, defend, protect and enforce patent and
 other intellectual property rights for our technologies; 

significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder
 litigation; 

proposed changes to healthcare laws in the U.S. or
 foreign jurisdictions, or speculation regarding such changes; 

general political and economic conditions; and 

other events or factors, many of which are beyond our
 control. 

In addition, the stock market in general, Nasdaq
and pharmaceutical companies, in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or
disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. The trading price of our common stock is, and is likely to continue
to be, volatile. For example, from January 3, 2023 to December 31, 2023, our closing stock price ranged from 4.24 to 27.40 per share,
and from January 2, 2024 to November 6, 2024, our closing stock price ranged from 6.63 to 30.00 per share. Broad market and industry
factors may negatively affect the market price of our securities, regardless of our actual operating performance. As a result of this
volatility, our stockholders may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the prices at which they purchased their shares.
Moreover, in the past, stockholders have initiated class action lawsuits against pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies following
periods of volatility in the market prices of these companies stock. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could cause us
to incur substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. 

46 

Insiders have substantial control over us, which could limit
your ability to affect the outcome of key transactions, including a change of control. 

As of September 30, 2024, our directors and executive
officers and their affiliates beneficially owned approximately 19.84 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. As a result, these
stockholders, if they act together, will be able to influence our management and affairs and all matters requiring stockholder approval,
including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company
or our assets. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company or discouraging
a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control, even if that change in control would benefit
our other stockholders. This significant concentration of ownership may also adversely affect the trading price for our common stock
because investors often perceive disadvantages in owning stock in companies with controlling stockholders. 

Future sales, or the perception of future sales, by us or our
stockholders in the public market, the issuance of rights to purchase our common stock, including pursuant to the Equity Incentive Plan
and the ESPP, and future exercises of registration rights could result in the additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our
stockholders and cause the market price for our common stock to decline. 

The sale of shares of our common stock, convertible
securities or other equity securities in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could harm the prevailing
market price of shares of our common stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult
for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. In addition, if we sell shares of our
common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales
may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights, preferences, and privileges senior
to the holders of our common stock. 

Pursuant to the Jasper Therapeutics, Inc. 2024
Equity Incentive Plan (the Equity Incentive Plan ), which became effective on June 6, 2024, we are authorized to grant equity
awards to our employees, directors and consultants. In addition, pursuant to the Jasper Therapeutics, Inc. 2024 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan (the ESPP ), which became effective on June 6, 2024, we are authorized to sell shares to our employees. As of September
30, 2024, 1,865,794 shares and 1,000,000 shares of our common stock are reserved for future issuance under the Equity Incentive Plan
and the ESPP, respectively. 

On March 14, 2022, the Compensation Committee
of our Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee adopted the 2022 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022
Inducement Plan ). On June 2, 2023, the Compensation Committee approved an amendment and restatement of our 2022 Inducement Plan
to increase the maximum number of shares of our voting common stock available for grant by 250,000 shares of common stock to an aggregate
of 550,000 shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2024, 16,885 shares of our common stock are available for future issuance under
the 2022 Inducement Plan. The 2022 Inducement Plan has not been and will not be approved by our stockholders. Under the 2022 Inducement
Plan, we can grant nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock awards, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance
awards and other awards, but only to an individual, as a material inducement to such individual to enter into employment with us or an
affiliate of ours, who (i) has not previously been an employee or director of ours or (ii) is rehired following a bona fide period of
non-employment with us. 

As of September 30, 2024, options to purchase
an aggregate of 1,556,014 shares of our common stock, 20,000 performance-based restricted stock units and no restricted stock units were
outstanding, and we have granted additional options to purchase shares of our common stock after this date. 

47 

Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement entered into in connection with the Business Combination, certain of our stockholders can demand that we register their
registrable securities under certain circumstances and will each also have piggyback registration rights for these securities. In addition,
we are required to file and maintain an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering such securities and certain
of our other securities. We filed a registration statement on October 18, 2021, which was first amended on March 29, 2022 and further
amended on October 7, 2022, in order to satisfy the foregoing obligations and we have currently registered for resale an aggregate of
3,601,936 shares of our common stock, including up to 499,986 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of our outstanding warrants.
The registration of these securities permits the public sale of such securities, subject to certain contractual restrictions on transfer
imposed by the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement and the Business Combination Agreement, which contractual restrictions
on transfer terminated on March 23, 2022. The presence of these additional shares of our common stock trading in the public market may
have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. 

In the future, we may also issue our securities
in connection with investments or acquisitions. The amount of shares of our common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition
could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of our common stock. Any issuance of additional securities in connection
with investments or acquisitions may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Not applicable. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

During the fiscal quarter ended September 30,
2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) or 
any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense
conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

48 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Registrant s 
 Form 
 
 Date Filed 
 with the 
 SEC 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/29/2021 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated June 8, 2023. 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/8/2023 
 
 3.1 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Jasper Therapeutics, Inc., filed with the
 Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on January 3, 2024. 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/3/2024 
 
 3.1 

3.4 
 
 Third
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/17/2023 
 
 3.1 

4.1 
 
 Form
 of Warrant Agreement, dated November 19, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
 Company, as warrant agent. 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/25/2019 
 
 4.1 

4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 11/6/2019 
 
 4.3 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance
 document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

49 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

JASPER
 THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Date: November
 7, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ronald Martell 

Ronald Martell 

President and Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

Date: November 7, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Herb Cross 

Herb Cross 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting
 and Financial Officer) 

50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022005201ex31-1_jasper.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) adopted pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Ronald Martell, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Jasper Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Ronald Martell 

Ronald Martell 

President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022005201ex31-2_jasper.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) adopted pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Herb Cross, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Jasper Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Herb Cross 

Herb Cross 

Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Dated: November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022005201ex32-1_jasper.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of Jasper Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to their knowledge that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Ronald Martell 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Herb Cross 

Ronald Martell 

Herb Cross 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

November 7, 2024 

November 7, 2024 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

This certification accompanies the Report, is
not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation
language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 jspr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 jspr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 jspr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 jspr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 jspr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

