<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1903392_0001213900-24-098432.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4322719</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>136292</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>919137</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>934140</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1053295</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1194103</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098432.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114161030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098432
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ClimateRock
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001903392
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41363
		FILM NUMBER:		241462206

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 SLOANE AVENUE
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			SW3 3DD
		BUSINESS PHONE:		447747767496

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 SLOANE AVENUE
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			SW3 3DD

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098432.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0220839-10q_climate.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

As of November 14, 2024, there were 
Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant
issued and outstanding. 

CLIMATEROCK 
 FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 2 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 3 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 4 

Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 35 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 36 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 38 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 38 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 38 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 39 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 40 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CLIMATEROCK 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
2024 
(Unaudited) 
 December 31, 
2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents held in Trust Account 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, AND SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued liabilities 

Administrative service fee payable - related party 

Loan payable - related party 

Convertible promissory note payable - related party 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Loan payable - related party 

Deferred underwriting commission payable 

Total non-current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (see Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares, par value, subject to possible redemption and shares at redemption value of and per share, including dividends earned on Trust Account, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (excluding 2,465,223 and 2,577,138 shares subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; share issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders' deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, AND SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

1 

CLIMATEROCK 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months 
 Ended 
 September 30, 
2024 
 Three Months 
 Ended 
 September 30, 
2023 
 Nine Months 
 Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 
 Nine Months 
 Ended 
 September 30, 
2023 
 
 Operating expenses 

Formation and operating costs 

Administrative service fees - related party 

Net loss from operations 

Other income 

Interest income 

Dividend income on Trust Account 

Total other income 

Net (loss) income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Redeemable ordinary shares, basic and diluted 

Non-redeemable ordinary shares, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted income (loss) earnings per share 

Redeemable ordinary shares, basic and diluted 

Non-redeemable ordinary shares, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

2 

CLIMATEROCK 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT (UNAUDITED) 
FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

CLASS
 A ORDINARY 
 SHARES 
 CLASS
 B ORDINARY 
 SHARES 
 PREFERENCE 
 SHARES 
 ADDITIONAL 
 PAID-IN 
 ACCUMULATED 
 TOTAL 
 SHAREHOLDERS' 

SHARES 
 AMOUNT 
 SHARES 
 AMOUNT 
 SHARES 
 AMOUNT 
 CAPITAL 
 DEFICIT 
 DEFICIT 
 
 Balances
 - January 1, 2024 

Adjustment
 to increase Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to maximum redemption value 

Net
 loss 

Balances
 - March 31, 2024 

Adjustment
 to increase Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to maximum redemption value 

Net
 loss 

Balances
 - June 30, 2024 

Adjustment
 to increase Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to maximum redemption value 

Net
 loss 

Balances
 - September 30, 2024 

Balances
 - January 1, 2023 

Adjustment
 to increase Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to maximum redemption value 

Conversion of Class B ordinary shares to Class A ordinary shares at par value of per share 

Net
 income 

Balances
 - March 31, 2023 

Adjustment
 to increase Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to maximum redemption value 

Net
 income 

Balances
 - June 30, 2023 

Adjustment
 to increase Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to maximum redemption value 

Net
 income 

Balances
 - September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

3 

CLIMATEROCK 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustment to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Dividend income received in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accrued liabilities 

Administrative service fee payable - related party 

Prepaid expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash deposited in trust account for monthly extension fees 

Proceeds from sales of marketable securities in trust account 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from related party loan 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note - related party 

Repayment of related party loans 

Payment for redemption of ordinary shares 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Non-cash investing and financial activities: 

Remeasurement adjustment on public shares subject to possible redemption 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

4 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

units Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units
being offered, the Public Shares at per Unit, including Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriters 
partial exercise of their over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of . 

Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of 
warrants Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant to the Company s sponsor, U.N. SDG Support
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of (See Note 4). 

Offering costs amounted
to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting commissions payable (which are held
in the Trust Account as defined below), of Representative Shares (See Note 6), and of other offering costs. As described
in Note 6, the of deferred underwriting commissions payable is contingent upon the consummation of a Business Combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Upon the closing of the
Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and was invested in U.S. government securities,
within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, with
a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company
meeting the conditions of paragraphs (c)(2), (c)(3) and (c)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company,
until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

At September 30, 2024,
the Company had in cash held outside of the Trust Account. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to
the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all
of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Company s initial Business
Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets
held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding the amount of any deferred
underwriting discount held in trust) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination.
However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. 

5 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

per share, plus any pro rata interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount
to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). 

The Company initially had
until 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to consummate an initial Business Combination. However, if the Company
anticipated that it may not be able to consummate the initial Business Combination within 12 months, it may extend the period of time
to consummate a Business Combination by two additional 3-month periods (for a total of up to 18 months) without submitting proposed extensions
to its shareholders for approval or offering its Public Shareholders redemption rights in connection therewith. The Sponsor or its affiliates
or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, would have been required to deposit into the Trust Account
 per share) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline for each additional three month period. In connection with
the Company s extraordinary general meeting of shareholders held on April 27, 2023 (the 2023 EGM ), the Company s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association was amended to remove this requirement. Instead, the Sponsor agreed to contribute
to the Company as a loan of for each calendar month (commencing on May 2, 2023 and ending on the 1st day of each subsequent month),
or portion thereof, that is needed by the Company to complete an initial Business Combination from May 2, 2023 until May 2, 2024 (or
such earlier date as determined by the board of directors in its sole discretion). 

On April 27, 2023, the Company
held the 2023 EGM and approved, among other things, an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association to (i) extend the date by which the Company would be required to consummate a Business Combination from November 2, 2023
(assuming the Sponsor was to have effected and paid extensions as described in the definitive proxy statement as filed with U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC on April 11, 2023) to May 2, 2024 (or such earlier date as determined by the Company s
board of directors in its sole discretion) (the Extension Amendment and (ii) to permit its board of directors, in its
sole discretion, to elect to wind up the Company s operations on, or on an earlier date than May 2, 2024 (including prior to May
2, 2023). In connection with the 2023 EGM, shareholders holding the Company s Class A ordinary shares exercised their
right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, (approximately
 per share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. The redemption occurred on May 2, 2023. 

On April 10, 2024, the Company
received a deficiency letter from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of Nasdaq notifying the Company that
the Company s Public Shareholders were below the 400 Public Holders minimum requirement for continued inclusion on The Nasdaq Global
Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2) (the Public Holders Requirement ). The notifications received have no
immediate effect on the Company s Nasdaq listing. The Nasdaq rules provide the Company 45 calendar days to submit a plan to regain
compliance and a compliance period of up to 180 calendar days in which to evidence compliance. The Company submitted to the Staff a plan
to regain compliance on time. 

On April 19, 2024, the Company
received a notice from Ms. Caroline Harding, an independent director of the Company, of her decision to resign as a member of the Company s
board of directors and all committees thereof, effective April 26, 2024. Ms. Harding has been an independent director of the Company
for approximately years since April 2022. The resignation of Ms. Harding is for personal reasons and does not result from any dispute
with the Company. 

6 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

years since the inception of the Company in December 2021. The resignation of Mr. Sesson, Jr. is for personal reasons
and does not result from any dispute with the Company. 

On April 29, 2024, the Company
held an extraordinary general meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of shareholders (the 2024 EGM and approved, among other
things, an amendment to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (i) extend the date by which the Company would
be required to consummate a Business Combination from May 2, 2024 to May 2, 2025 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of
directors in its sole discretion) (the Second Extension and (ii) to permit the Company s board of directors, in
its sole discretion, to elect to wind up operations on, or on an earlier date than May 2, 2025. In connection with the 2024 EGM, shareholders
holding of the Company s Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of
the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately million (approximately per share) was removed from the Trust
Account to pay such holders. 

On May 20, 2024, the board
of directors of the Company appointed Dariusz Sliwinski as a director, effective immediately. Mr. Sliwinski qualifies as an independent
director and is appointed to serve as the chair of the audit committee and the member of the compensation committee and the nominating
and corporate governance committee of the board of directors. 

Going concern and management s plan 

As of September 30,
2024, the Company has a cash balance of and a working capital deficit of . The Company has incurred and expects to continue
to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern one year from the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements. Prior to consummation
of a Business Combination, the Company has the ability to secure additional funding from the Sponsor or other related parties. There
is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful by May 2, 2025. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

and in its working capital account, respectively. 

7 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

and held in the Trust Account, respectively, including 
and in dividends earned on cash and cash equivalents held in Trust Account in the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and the year ended December 31, 2023, respectively. 

8 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

9 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Less: Monthly extension fees 

Less: Dividend income on Trust Account to be allocated to redeemable shares 

Net loss excluding monthly extension fees and dividend income on Trust Account 

Dividend income on trust account 

Monthly extension fees 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

Dividend income on trust account 

Monthly extension fees 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

Less: Monthly extension fees 

Less: Dividend income on Trust Account to be allocated to redeemable shares 

Net loss excluding monthly extension fees and dividend income on Trust Account 

10 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Dividend income on trust account 

Monthly extension fees 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

Dividend income on trust account 

Monthly extension fees 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

11 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Units, including Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriters 
partial exercise of their over-allotment option. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the
Company of . 

Each unit consists of one
Class A ordinary share, one-half of one redeemable warrant and one right. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase
one Class A ordinary share for per share, subject to certain adjustments. Each right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth
of one Class A ordinary share upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination (See Note 7 Shareholders 
Equity, Class A Ordinary Shares ). 

All of the Public
Shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such
Public Shares if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain
amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or in connection with the Company s
liquidation. In accordance with the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC
480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified
outside of permanent equity. 

12 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants and public rights 

Offering costs of public shares 

Redemption of shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Monthly extension fees 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Private Placement Warrants, including Private Placement Warrants that were issued pursuant to the underwriters 
partial exercise of the over-allotment option, at per warrant, generating gross proceeds of in the Private Placement.
Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at per share. A portion of the net proceeds
from the Private Placement was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does
not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

of its Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor (the Founder Shares for at a par value
of , which included an aggregate of up to Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was
not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (See Note 6). The Sponsor had paid in exchange for the shares through a
related party before December 31, 2021. 

Since the underwriters partially
exercised the over-allotment option in respect of Units and, as agreed with the Company, the underwriters waived their right
to further exercise the option (See Note 6), a total of of the Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture on May 2, 2022,
and of the Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares issued and outstanding. 

On March 31, 2023, the Sponsor
elected to convert Class B ordinary shares to Class A ordinary shares of the Company, on a one-for-one basis. These conversion
shares are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B ordinary shares before the conversion, including among other things,
certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial Business Combination as
described in the prospectus for the Company s Initial Public Offering. The holder of these conversion shares have no rights to
funds in the Trust Account. Following the conversion, the Sponsor owns Class A ordinary shares and one Class B ordinary share.
As of September 30, 2024, the Company had one Class B ordinary share outstanding. 

13 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest (the Second Eternal Loan ). The
Second Eternal Loan was available to be drawn down from September 21, 2022 to March 31, 2023 and its maturity date is March 31,
2025, or if earlier, the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination of the Company, as amended on August 5, 2024 (the
 Second Eternal Loan Amendment ). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the Second
Eternal Loan was and no interest was accrued. 

Additionally, on November 12,
2022, the Company entered into a loan agreement with the Lender in the principal amount of up to , on an unsecured basis and
bearing no interest (the Third Eternal Loan ). The Third Eternal Loan was available to be drawn down from November 12,
2022 to March 31, 2023. The maturity date is or, if earlier, the date of the consummation of the initial Business
Combination of the Company, as amended on August 6, 2024 (the Third Eternal Loan Amendment ). As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the Third Eternal Loan was and no interest was accrued. 

On January 29, 2023,
the Company entered into a loan agreement with the Lender in the principal amount of up to , on an unsecured basis and bearing
no interest (the Fourth Eternal Loan ). The Fourth Eternal Loan was available to be drawn down from January 29, 2023
to March 31, 2023 and its maturity date is the earlier of March 31, 2025 or the date of the consummation of the initial Business
Combination of the Company, as amended by the Eternal Loan Amendment (as defined below). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, the outstanding balance of the Fourth Eternal Loan was and no interest was accrued. 

On April 12, 2023, the
Company entered into a loan agreement with the Lender for a loan facility in the principal amount of up to , on an unsecured basis
and bearing no interest (the Fifth Eternal Loan ). The Fifth Eternal Loan was available to be drawn down in four installments:
 on April 12, 2023, on May 3, 2023, on June 3, 2023, and on July 3, 2023. The maturity
date is January 1, 2025, or if earlier, the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination of the Company, as amended
on August 6, 2024 (the Fifth Eternal Loan Amendment ). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company borrowed
an additional and , respectively, beyond the initial terms of the loan. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the outstanding balance of the Fifth Eternal Loan was and , respectively, and no interest was accrued. 

On November 1, 2023,
the Company entered into a loan agreement with the Lender in the principal amount of up to on an unsecured basis and bearing
no interest (the Sixth Eternal Loan ). The Sixth Eternal Loan was available to be drawn down from November 1, 2023.
The maturity date is January 1, 2025, or if earlier, the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination of the Company,
as amended on August 6, 2024 (the Sixth Eternal Loan Amendment ). In the event the Company does not repay the Sixth Eternal
Loan within 10 days of the consummation of the initial Business Combination of the Company, the Company will pay an interest of five percent per month to the Lender until the date of repayment of the loan. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company
borrowed an additional and , respectively, beyond the initial terms of the loan. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the Sixth Eternal Loan was 335,000and , respectively, and no interest was accrued. 

On November 1, 2023, the
Company and the Lender agreed to a loan amendment (the Eternal Loan Amendment requiring that in the event that Company
does not repay each of the Second Eternal Loan, Third Eternal Loan, Fourth Eternal Loan, and Fifth Eternal Loan within 10 days of the
consummation of the initial Business Combination of the Company, the Company will pay an interest of five percent per month to the
Lender until the date of repayment of each loan. 

14 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

,
on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest (the Seventh Eternal Loan ). The Seventh Eternal Loan is available for drawdown
by the Borrower in unlimited number of installments in the period from August 3, 2024 to March 31, 2025. The final repayment date is March
31, 2025 or, if earlier, the date of the consummation of the initial business combination of the Company. As of September 30, 2024, the
outstanding balance of the Seventh Eternal Loan was and no interest was accrued. 

The Lender is controlled
by Charles Ratelband V, the Company s Executive Chairman of the board of directors. Each member of the Company s board of
directors has been informed of Mr. Ratelband s material interest in the loan agreements, and upon the approval and recommendation
of the audit committee, the Company s board of directors has determined that the loans are fair and in the best interests of the
Company and has voted to approve the loans. 

Convertible Promissory Note 

On May 2, 2023, the
Company issued a convertible promissory note (the 2023 Extension Note in the aggregate principal amount of to
the Sponsor, which will be deposited into the Trust Account in monthly installments for the benefit of each Public Share that was not
redeemed in connection with the Extension Amendment. The Sponsor agreed to pay per month until the completion of an initial Business
Combination, commencing on May 2, 2023 and continuing through May 2, 2024 (or such earlier date as determined by the Company s
board of directors in its sole discretion). The 2023 Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a)
the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, and (b) the date of the Company s liquidation. On November 3,
2023, the Company issued an amended and restated extension note to amend and restate the 2023 Extension Note (as amended and restated,
the 2023 Extension Note ). Per the 2023 Extension Note, if the Company does not repay the 2023 Extension Note within five
days of the maturity date, five percent interest per month will accrue on the unpaid principal balance until the 2023 Extension
Note is fully repaid. At any time prior to the payment in full of the principal balance of the convertible promissory note, the Sponsor
may elect to convert all or any portion of the unpaid principal balance into that number of warrants (the Conversion Warrants at a conversion price of per warrant. The Conversion Warrants shall be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued by the
Company at the Initial Public Offering. The Company has determined that the fair value of the 2023 Extension Note is par value. As of
September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the 2023 Extension Note was and , respectively,
and no interest was accrued. 

On April 30, 2024, the Company
issued a convertible promissory note (the 2024 Extension Note in the aggregate principal amount of to the Sponsor,
which will be deposited into the Trust Account in monthly installments for the benefit of each Public Share that was not redeemed in
connection with the 2024 EGM. The Sponsor agreed to pay per month that the board of directors decides to take to complete an
initial Business Combination, commencing on May 2, 2024 and continuing through May 2, 2025 (or such earlier date as determined
by the Company s board of directors in its sole discretion). The 2024 Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full
upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, and (b) the date of the Company s liquidation.
At any time prior to the payment in full of the principal balance of the convertible promissory note, the Sponsor may elect to convert
all or any portion of the unpaid principal balance into that number of warrants (the Conversion Warrants at a conversion
price of per warrant. The Conversion Warrants shall be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued by the Company at the
Initial Public Offering. The Company has determined that the fair value of the 2024 Extension Note is par value. As of September 30,
2024, the outstanding balance of the 2024 Extension Note was . 

15 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

. On May 2, 2022, the Sponsor entered into an assignment
agreement with Gluon Group, an affiliate of the Company, to provide the services detailed in the Administrative Service Agreement. An
officer of the Company owns shares of Gluon Group and serves as managing partner. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, has been paid to Gluon Group for such services, and an additional and , respectively, has been accrued. 

Advisory Services 

On September 21, 2022, the
Company entered into an agreement (the Letter Agreement with Gluon Partners LLP Gluon to pay a fee (the
 Transaction Success Fee upon completion of one or more successful transactions. The Company will pay Gluon upon
completion of one or more transactions with an aggregate purchase price of less than ; and, an additional upon completion
of one or more transactions with an aggregate purchase price of more than . This means the total remuneration for transactions
with a purchase price more than would be . The transactions purchase price will correspond to the price paid to
the sellers of the applicable target, including cash, debt, and equity funded payments. Each Transaction Success Fee will be payable
upon consummation of the applicable transaction, regardless of (i) the calendar for the payment of the purchase price, (ii) how the purchase
price is funded, (iii) any deferred payment subsequent to consummation of the transaction, or (iv) any adjustments to the price of the
transaction subsequent to consummation. Following payment of Transaction Success Fee, any accrued fees payable to the Gluon Group by
the Company will be waived. 

On October 5, 2022, the
Company and Gluon agreed to lower the Transaction Success Fee to a total payment of upon successful completion of one of more
transactions with an aggregate purchase price equal or more than . 

In addition, the Letter
Agreement was amended to entitle Gluon, with respect to any financing undertaken by the Company introduced by Gluon during the term of
the Letter Agreement, to the following fees: (i) for a financing involving an issuance of the Company s senior, subordinated and/or
mezzanine debt securities, a cash fee payable at any closing equal to two percent of the gross proceeds received by the Company
at such closing; (ii) for a financing involving equity, equity-linked or convertible securities, a cash fee payable at each closing equal
to five percent of the gross proceeds received by the Company at such closing. 

In addition to the Transaction
Success Fee, the Company agreed to pay Gluon Group for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
providing the services for the transactions. In the event of a successful initial Business Combination, Gluon also agreed to waive any
accrued fees owed by the Company. 

Business Combination Agreement 

On December 30, 2023, ClimateRock
entered into a Business Combination Agreement with GreenRock, a related party through shared management. (See Note 6). 

16 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less
the underwriting discounts and commissions. On May 2, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised this option in respect of Units
and, as agreed with the Company, the underwriters waived their right to further exercise the option on May 5, 2022. 

The underwriters were entitled
to an underwriting discount of per unit, or in the aggregate, of which per unit, or was paid
upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Of the discount, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred underwriting commission
of per unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held
in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

In addition to the underwriting
discount, the Company has agreed to pay or reimburse the underwriters for travel, lodging and other road show expenses,
expenses of the underwriters legal counsel and certain diligence and other fees, including the preparation, binding and delivery
of bound volumes in form and style reasonably satisfactory to the representative, transaction Lucite cubes or similar commemorative items
in a style as reasonably requested by the representative, and reimbursement for background checks on our directors, director nominees
and executive officers, which such fees and expenses are capped at an aggregate of (less amounts previously paid). The 
was paid out of the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering on May 2, 2022. 

Representative Shares 

The Company has issued to
Maxim and/or its designees, shares of Class A ordinary shares upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (the Representative
Shares ). The Company accounted for the Representative Shares as an offering cost associated with the Initial Public Offering,
with a corresponding credit to shareholder s equity. The Company estimated the fair value of Representative Shares to be .
Maxim has agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any such shares until the completion of the Business Combination. In addition, Maxim
has agreed: (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the Business Combination;
and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to
complete its Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The shares have been deemed
compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period
of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration statement for the Initial Public Offering pursuant
to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities will not be the subject of
any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any
person for a period of 180 days immediately following April 27, 2022, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated
for a period of 180 days immediately following April 27, 2022 except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering
and their bona fide officers or partners. 

Subject to certain conditions,
the Company granted Maxim, for a period beginning on May 2, 2022 and ending 12 months after the date of the consummation of the Business
Combination, a right of first refusal to act as book-running managing underwriter or placement agent for any and all future public and
private equity, equity-linked, convertible and debt offerings for the Company or any of its successors or subsidiaries. In accordance
with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from April 27, 2022. 

17 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

(ii) billing on an hourly basis for time (iii) each month fifty percent of the amount billed shall
be due and owing (iv) the remaining fifty percent not paid on a monthly basis will be deferred until the closing of the initial
Business Combination and will be paid with a twenty percent premium. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the total outstanding billed amount for services provided by EGS is and , respectively, of which and of the outstanding balance), respectively, is considered outstanding per the terms of the EGS Agreement and is included in accrued
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. As the initial Business Combination cannot be deemed probable as of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and payment of the deferred portion of the outstanding balance is contingent upon a successful
initial Business Combination, no amount was accrued for the deferred portion of the outstanding amount or the premium. 

On March 30, 2023, the Maxim
Letter Agreement (as defined below) was amended Amendment No. 4 to state that the Company will owe a cash fee payable,
at each closing of the Alliance Global Partners equity or equity-linked offering in connection with the contemplated initial Business
Combination with EEW (as defined below), equal to one percent of the gross proceeds received by EEW or its related entities at such
closing. 

On August 17, 2022, the
Company entered into an agreement (the Maxim Letter Agreement with Maxim to pay a fee (the Maxim Success Fee upon completion of one or more successful transactions. On October 3, 2022, the Company amended its agreement with Maxim (the Maxim
Amendment ). The Maxim Amendment states that the Company shall pay to Maxim, upon closing of such transaction(s), a fee based upon
the amount of cash the Company has in the Trust Account immediately prior to consummation of the transaction and/or contributed to the
transaction. . The New Common Stock will be issued to Maxim Partners LLC, will be valued at the same price per share/exchange ratio
as in the definitive transaction documentation, and it will have unlimited piggyback registration rights. The Maxim Success Fee will
be paid upon the consummation of the transaction. 

On July 11, 2022, the Company
entered into an agreement (the ALANTRA Letter Agreement with ALANTRA Corporate Finance, S.A.U. ALANTRA and U.N. SDG Support Holdings LLC Sponsor Entity ). On October 3, 2022, the Company amended its agreement with ALANTRA
(the ALANTRA Letter Agreement ). The Company will pay ALANTRA a retainer of at signing of the ALANTRA Letter Agreement
and per month that is due and payable on the last day of each month for a maximum period of five months. Should the aggregated
Transaction value be above , the retainer fee will increase up to per month with the same maximum five-month period
for the payment of any retainer fee. 

The Company will also have
transactions fees ALANTRA Success Fee ), if a transaction which is introduced by ALANTRA, or by another institution to
which no fees are due by the Company (e.g. an institution acting on behalf of a Target) is Completed (as defined below) the following
remuneration will be due to ALANTRA as a remuneration for its services: 

payable by the Company 

payable by or on behalf of the Sponsor Entity 

18 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

of aggregated value of the transaction, of each transaction purchase price 

For the aggregated value of the transaction above the first , of each transaction purchase price 

Notwithstanding the above,
it is agreed that the ALANTRA Success Fee will be subject to a minimum of EUR . 

Each ALANTRA Success Fee
shall be payable upon consummation of the applicable transaction (i.e. when the transaction is closed, following fulfillment, if applicable,
of conditions precedent) regardless of (i) the calendar for the payment of the price, (ii) how the purchase price is funded, (iii) and
any deferred payment subsequent to consummation of the transaction, or (iv) any adjustment to the price of the transaction subsequent
to consummation Completed ). 

On January 4, 2024, the
Company entered into an agreement (the MZHCI Agreement with MZHCI, LLC MZHCI wherein MZHCI would act as
consultant and advise, counsel, and inform designated officers and employees of the Company as it relates to pre post IPO, de-SPAC
readiness assessment, post transaction close preparation advisory, overall capital markets climate related to global macroeconomic conditions,
world-leading exchanges, Company s competitors, related business acquisitions in the relevant market segments, and other aspects
of/or concerning the Company s business about which MZHCI has knowledge or expertise. The MZHCI Agreement became effective upon
execution and will remain active for a period of six months with automatic renewal every six months thereafter. Prior to the de-SPAC
of the Company, the Company shall pay MZHCI per month and subsequent to de-SPAC, the Company shall pay MZHCI per month.
At the successful close of the initial Business Combination, the Company will issue MZHCI worth of ClimateRock restricted common
stock, valued at the closing price on the first day of trading after the successful close of the initial Business Combination. 

Business Combination Agreement 

On October 6, 2022, the
Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the "Original Business Combination Agreement") with Pubco, Merger Sub,
and E.E.W. Eco Energy World PLC, a company formed under the laws of England and Wales EEW ). 

The total consideration
to be offered by Pubco to the holders of EEW securities (each, a Seller shall be a number of ordinary shares of Pubco
with an aggregate value equal to Six Hundred Fifty Million U.S. Dollars ), with each Pubco Ordinary Share valued at an amount
equal to the price at which each ClimateRock Class A ordinary share is redeemed or converted pursuant to ClimateRock s organizational
documents (the Redemption Price ). For a more detailed description of the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions
contemplated therein, see the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 13, 2022. 

On August 3, 2023, the Company
entered into an Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement (as amended and restated, the Business Combination Agreement with Pubco, Merger Sub and EEW. The Original Business Combination Agreement was amended, among other things, to (i) extend the date that
either the Company or EEW can terminate the Business Combination Agreement if the closing does not occur by September 30, 2023, and (ii)
provide for a contingent earn out of USD in shares based on the achievement of a 2023 revenue milestone of USD . 

On November 29, 2023, the
Company notified E.E.W. that the Company had elected to terminate the Business Combination Agreement among, the Company, E.E.W. and the
other parties thereto, dated as of August 3, 2023, effective immediately, pursuant to Section 9.1(b) and 9.2 thereof, since the conditions
to the closing of the initial Business Combination were not satisfied or waived by the outside date of September 30, 2023. As a result,
the Business Combination Agreement is of no further force and effect, except for certain specified provisions in the Business Combination
Agreement, which shall survive the termination and remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms. 

On December 30, 2023, ClimateRock
entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the GreenRock Merger Agreement with Holdings, Merger Sub, GreenRock Merger
Sub Corp. Company Merger Sub and GreenRock Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company ("GreenRock ). Pursuant
to the GreenRock Merger Agreement, (a) Merger Sub will merge with and into ClimateRock, with ClimateRock continuing as the Merger, as
a result of which, (i) ClimateRock shall become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdings, and (ii) each issued and outstanding security
of ClimateRock immediately prior to the Effective Time shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled, in exchange
for the right of the holder thereof to receive a substantially equivalent security of Holdings, and (b)(i) Holdings will make an offer
to acquire each issued and outstanding GreenRock ordinary share in exchange for Holdings ordinary shares and (ii) Holdings shall also
offer each holder of GreenRock s outstanding vested options to purchase GreenRock ordinary shares, replacement options to purchase
Holdings ordinary shares, all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the GreenRock Merger Agreement and in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the Cayman Act. 

19 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the
Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, there were and Class A shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Class B Ordinary Shares
 The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of 
per share. Holders of the Company s Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, there was Class B ordinary share outstanding, respectively. 

Preference Shares
 The Company is authorized to issue preferred shares with a par value of per share. As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no preferred shares outstanding, respectively. 

Warrants 
The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering (together,
the Warrants ), except that the Private Placement Warrants will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer and entitled
to registration rights. 

The Warrants may only be
exercised for a whole number of shares. The Private Placement Warrants (including Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable, or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business
Combination. Following such period, the Private Placement Warrants (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private
Placement Warrants) will be transferable, assignable, or salable, except that the Private Placement Warrants will not trade. No fractional
Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. 

The Warrants will become
exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits
holders to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act).
The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of a Business Combination,
the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of
the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective
and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of
the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the ninetieth (90th) day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant
holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed
to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act or another exemption. The Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

20 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The exercise price and number
of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share
capitalization, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance
of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the
warrants shares. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates
the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will
they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly,
the warrants may expire worthless. 

If: (i) the Company issues
additional ordinary shares or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of ordinary shares for capital raising
purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 
per ordinary shares, with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors (and in
the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by such holder or
affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the New Issuance Price (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such
issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business
Combination on the date of the consummation thereof (net of redemptions); and (iii) the volume weighted average trading price of the
ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial
Business Combination (such price, the "Market Value") is below per share, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the
nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the New Issuance Price and the Redemption Trigger Price shall be adjusted to equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The Company accounts for
the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants as equity instruments, so long as the Company continues to meet the accounting
requirements for equity instruments. 

21 

CLIMATEROCK NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

minimum cash closing
condition; (ii) extend the outside date under the GreenRock Merger Agreement from March 31, 2024 to May 2, 2025; (iii) reduce the escrow
share portion of the consideration from Pubco ordinary shares to Pubco ordinary shares and as a result reduce the
overall merger consideration payable to the GreenRock shareholders from Pubco ordinary shares to Pubco ordinary
shares; (iv) revise the escrow share release provisions to provide for the full release of the escrowed shares to the GreenRock shareholders
in the event that the adjusted EBITDA for GreenRock for fiscal year 2025 equals or exceeds (otherwise the escrowed shares
will be forfeited); and (v) add a covenant for GreenRock to complete the acquisition of certain operating subsidiaries prior to the closing
of the GreenRock Business Combination. 

22 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References in this report
(the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to ClimateRock. References
to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to U.N. SDG Support LLC. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read
in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact
included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements under this Item regarding our financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Report,
words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, and
similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are
based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual
results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in
our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf
are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 

Overview 

We are a Cayman Islands
exempted company incorporated as a blank check company on December 6, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting an initial Business
Combination. 

Although we are not limited
to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating an initial Business Combination, we focus on opportunities
in environmental protection, renewable energy, fighting climate change, and any other related industries. We will target companies with
established operating models that have strong management teams, realigned capital structures, positive cash flows prospects, and a clear
and well-defined pathway for growing profitably over the long-term. We are an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, we
are subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

As of September 30,
2024, we had not yet commenced any operations. All activity through September 30, 2024 relates to our formation and our Initial
Public Offering, which is described below, and post-offering activities in search for a target to consummate an initial Business Combination.
We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We will
generate nonoperating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. We have selected
December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The registration statement
for our Initial Public Offering (the IPO Registration Statement was declared effective on April 27, 2022. On May 2, 2022,
we consummated its Initial Public Offering of 7,875,000 units at 10.00 per Unit, including 375,000 Units that were issued pursuant to
the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of 78,750,000. Each Unit is comprised
of one Class A ordinary share, one-half of one redeemable warrant with each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share,
and one right, with each right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of
a Business Combination. 

23 

We commenced operations
after obtaining adequate financial resources through (i) the Initial Public Offering of 7,875,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit (which includes
375,000 units in connection with the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment option) and (ii) the sale of 3,762,500
Private Placement Warrants with an exercise price of 11.50 per warrant at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor. 

The Units were listed on
Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq ). Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are
intended to be applied generally toward consummating an initial Business Combination. Nasdaq rules provide that the initial Business
Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets
held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes). We will only complete an initial Business
Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully effect an initial Business Combination. 

Upon the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, 10.15 per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering was placed in the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in
any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of an initial Business Combination or (ii) the distribution
of the funds in the Trust Account to the our shareholders, as described below. We intend to liquidate the investments held in the Trust
Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash or in an interest bearing demand deposit account at a bank as soon
as practicable. 

The
Sponsor, officers, directors and advisors (the Initial Shareholders have agreed (a) to vote their Founder Shares and any
Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of an initial Business Combination, (b) not to propose an
amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to our pre-Business Combination activities
prior to the consummation of a Business Combination unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment; (c) not to redeem any shares (including the Founder Shares) into the right to receive
cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an initial Business Combination (or to sell any shares in
a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination if we do not seek shareholder approval in connection therewith) or a vote to
amend the provisions of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating
to shareholders rights of pre-Business Combination activity and (d) that the Founder Shares and the Private Placement Warrants
(including underlying securities) shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if an initial Business Combination
is not consummated. However, the Initial Shareholders will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering if we fail to complete its initial Business Combination. 

The SEC has adopted new
rules and regulations relating to special purpose acquisition companies SPACs ), which became effective on July 1, 2024
(the 2024 SPAC Rules ). The 2024 SPAC Rules require, among other matters, (i) additional disclosures relating to SPAC sponsor
and related persons; (ii) additional disclosures relating to SPACs Business Combination transactions (iii) additional disclosures
relating to dilution and to conflicts of interest involving sponsors and their affiliates in both SPAC initial public offerings and Business
Combination transactions; (iv) additional disclosures regarding projections included in SEC filings in connection with proposed Business
Combination transactions and (v) the requirement that both the SPAC and its target company be co-registrants for Business Combination
registration statements. In addition, the SEC s adopting release provided guidance describing circumstances in which a SPAC could
become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including its duration, asset composition, business purpose, and the activities
of the SPAC and its management team in furtherance of such goals. The 2024 SPAC Rules may materially affect our ability to negotiate
and complete our initial Business Combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

24 

Business Combination with EEW 

On October 6, 2022, we entered
into the Original Business Combination Agreement with Pubco, Merger Sub, and EEW. On August 3, 2023, we entered into the Business Combination
Agreement with Pubco, Merger Sub and EEW to amend and restated the Original Business Combination. The Original Business Combination Agreement
was amended, among other things, to (i) extend the date that either we or EEW can terminate the Business Combination Agreement if the
closing does not occur by September 30, 2023, and (ii) provide for a contingent earn out of USD 150,000,000 in shares based on the achievement
of a 2023 revenue milestone of USD 52,000,000. 

On November 29, 2023, we
notified EEW that we had elected to terminate the Business Combination Agreement among effective immediately, pursuant to Section 9.1(b)
and 9.2 thereof, since the conditions to the closing of the initial Business Combination were not satisfied or waived by the outside
date of September 30, 2023. As a result, the Business Combination Agreement is of no further force and effect, except for certain specified
provisions in the Business Combination Agreement, which shall survive the termination and remain in full force and effect in accordance
with their respective terms. 

GreenRock Business Combination 

On December 30, 2023, we
entered into the GreenRock Merger Agreement with GreenRock, Pubco, Company Merger Sub and Merger Sub. Pursuant to the GreenRock Merger
Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) Merger Sub will merge with and into our Company, with our Company
continuing as the surviving entity and wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco, in connection with which all of our existing securities will
be exchanged for rights to receive securities of Pubco as set forth in the GreenRock Merger Agreement, and (ii) Company Merger Sub will
merge with and into GreenRock, with GreenRock continuing as the surviving entity and wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco (the transactions
contemplated by the GreenRock Merger Agreement, the GreenRock Business Combination ). 

On November 6, 2024, we,
GreenRock, Pubco, Merger Sub, and Company Merger Sub entered into that certain Amendment to the GreenRock Merger Agreement, pursuant
to which the GreenRock Merger Agreement was amended to, among other things: (i) remove the 15,000,000 minimum cash closing condition;
(ii) extend the outside date under the GreenRock Merger Agreement from March 31, 2024 to May 2, 2025; (iii) reduce the escrow share portion
of the consideration from 16,885,000 Pubco ordinary shares to 4,000,000 Pubco ordinary shares and as a result reduce the overall merger
consideration payable to the GreenRock shareholders from 44,658,000 Pubco ordinary shares to 32,000,000 Pubco ordinary shares; (iv) revise
the escrow share release provisions to provide for the full release of the escrowed shares to the GreenRock shareholders in the event
that the adjusted EBITDA for GreenRock for fiscal year 2025 equals or exceeds 25,000,000 (otherwise the escrowed shares will be forfeited);
and (v) add a covenant for GreenRock to complete the acquisition of certain operating subsidiaries prior to the closing of the GreenRock
Business Combination. 

For a full description of
the GreenRock Merger Agreement and the proposed GreenRock Business Combination, please see Item 1. Financial Statements 
Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies, Business Combination Agreement in this Quarterly Report and Part I, Item 1. Business,
 GreenRock Business Combination of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

25 

Extensions of Our Business Combination Period 

On April 27, 2023, we held
the 2023 EGM and approved, among other things, amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (i) extend
the date by which we would be required to consummate a Business Combination from November 2, 2023 (assuming the Sponsor was to have effected
the paid extensions as described in the definitive proxy statement as filed with the SEC on April 11, 2023) to May 2, 2024 (or such earlier
date as determined by our board of directors in its sole discretion) , and (ii) to permit its board of directors, in its sole discretion,
to elect to wind up our operations on, or on an earlier date than May 2, 2024 (including prior to May 2, 2023). In connection with the
2023 EGM, shareholders holding 5,297,862 Class A ordinary shares issued in our Initial Public Offering exercised their right to redeem
such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in our Trust Account. As a result, approximately 55,265,334 (approximately 10.43 per
share) was removed from our Trust Account to pay such holders. On May 2, 2023, we issued the 2023 Extension Note in the aggregate principal
amount of 900,000 to the Sponsor, which will be deposited into the Trust Account in monthly installments for the benefit of each Public
Share that was not redeemed in connection with the Extension Amendment. As of September 30, 2024, 900,000 had been deposited into
the Trust Account. 

On April 29, 2024, we held
the 2024 EGM and approved, among other things, an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (i)
extend the date by which we would be required to consummate a Business Combination from May 2, 2024 to May 2, 2025 (or such earlier date
as determined by the board of directors in its sole discretion) and (ii) to permit our board of directors, in its sole discretion, to
elect to wind up our operations on, or on an earlier date than May 2, 2025. In connection with the 2024 EGM, shareholders holding 111,915
shares of our ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As
a result, approximately 1.27 million (approximately 11.37 per share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. 

On April 30, 2024, we issued
the 2024 Extension Note in the aggregate principal amount of 600,000 to the Sponsor, which will be deposited into the Trust Account
in monthly installments for the benefit of each Public Share that was not redeemed in connection with the 2024 EGM. The Sponsor agreed
to pay 50,000 per month that the board of directors decides to take to complete an initial Business Combination, commencing on May 2,
2024 and continuing through May 2, 2025 (or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors in its sole discretion). The 2024
Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the initial Business
Combination, and (b) the date of our liquidation. As of September 30, 2024, 250,000 had been deposited into the Trust Account. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity since
inception is related to our formation, and our Initial Public Offering, and we will not be generating any operating revenues until the
closing and completion of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We will generate nonoperating income in the form of interest
income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. We also expect to incur increased expenses as a result of becoming
a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in search
for a target to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024, we reported a net income (loss) of 172,722 and (409,112), respectively, comprised of 368,522 and 1,109,332
of dividend income earned on the Trust Account and 0 and 163 of interest income offset by formation and operating costs of 165,800
and 1,428,607 and administrative service fees - related party of 30,000 and 90,000. 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2023, we reported a net income of 26,528 and 585,178, comprised of 357,678 and 1,762,208 of dividend income
earned on the Trust Account and 51 and 171 offset by formation and operating costs of 301,201 and 1,087,201, and administrative success
fees - related party of 30,000 and 90,000. 

26 

Factors That May Adversely Affect our Results
of Operations 

Our results of operations
and our ability to complete an initial Business Combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply
chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, public health considerations, and geopolitical instability, such as
the military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East. We cannot at this time predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events,
their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial Business
Combination. 

Liquidity, Capital Reserves and Going Concern 

Initial Public Offering 

On May 2, 2022, we consummated
our initial public offering of 7,875,000 units, including 375,000 units that were issued pursuant to the underwriters partial
exercise of their over-allotment option. Simultaneously, we sold 3,762,500 private placement warrants, including 112,500 private placement
warrants that were issued pursuant to the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option. From the proceeds of the
initial public offering and private placement warrants, we retained approximately 1,100,000 for working capital needs after transfer
of proceeds to the Trust Account and payment of expenses related to the initial public offering and directors and officers insurance. 

Related-Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an initial Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us working capital loans. 

On September 21, 2022,
we entered into a loan agreement with Eternal B.V., an affiliate of us through common ownership, (the Lender in the principal
amount of up to 180,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest (the Second Eternal Loan ). The Second Eternal Loan
was available to be drawn down from September 21, 2022 to March 31, 2023 and its maturity date is March 31, 2025, or if
earlier, the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination of us, as amended by the Second Eternal Loan Amendment. As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the Second Eternal Loan was 170,603 and no interest was
accrued. 

Additionally, on November 12,
2022, we entered into a loan agreement with the Lender in the principal amount of up to 300,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no
interest (the Third Eternal Loan ). The Third Eternal Loan was available to be drawn down from November 12, 2022 to
March 31, 2023. The maturity date is January 1, 2025 or, if earlier, the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination
of us, as amended by the Third Eternal Loan Amendment. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of
the Third Eternal Loan was 300,000 and no interest was accrued. 

On January 29, 2023,
we entered into a loan agreement with the Lender in the principal amount of up to 50,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest
(the Fourth Eternal Loan ). The Fourth Eternal Loan was available to be drawn down from January 29, 2023 to March 31,
2023 and its maturity date is the earlier of March 31, 2025 or the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination
of us, as amended by the Eternal Loan Amendment. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the
Fourth Eternal Loan was 50,000 and no interest was accrued. 

27 

On April 12, 2023, we entered into a loan agreement with the Lender
for a loan facility in the principal amount of up to 500,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest (the Fifth Eternal
Loan ). The Fifth Eternal Loan was available to be drawn down in four installments: 150,000 on April 12, 2023, 125,000 on
May 3, 2023, 125,000 on June 3, 2023, and 100,000 on July 3, 2023. The maturity date is January 1, 2025, or if earlier,
the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination of us, as amended on August 6, 2024 (the Fifth Eternal Loan Amendment ).
As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we borrowed an additional 0 and 153,619, respectively, beyond the initial terms
of the loan. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the Fifth Eternal Loan was 500,000 and 653,619,
respectively, and no interest was accrued. 

On November 1, 2023, we entered into a loan agreement with the
Lender in the principal amount of up to 335,000 on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest (the Sixth Eternal Loan ).
The Sixth Eternal Loan was available to be drawn down from November 1, 2023. The maturity date is January 1, 2025, or if earlier,
the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination of us, as amended on August 6, 2024 (the Sixth Eternal Loan Amendment ).
In the event we do not repay the Sixth Eternal Loan within 10 days of the consummation of the initial Business Combination of us, we will
pay an interest of five percent (5 per month to the Lender until the date of repayment of the loan. As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, the Company borrowed an additional 0 and 22,302, respectively, beyond the initial terms of the loan. As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the Sixth Eternal Loan was 335,000 and 357,302, respectively, and no interest
was accrued. 

On November 1, 2023, we
and the Lender agreed to the Eternal Loan Amendment requiring that in the event that Company does not repay each of the Second Eternal
Loan, Third Eternal Loan, Fourth Eternal Loan, and Fifth Eternal Loan within 10 days of the consummation of the initial Business Combination
of us, we will pay an interest of five percent (5 per month to the Lender until the date of repayment of each loan. 

On August 5, 2024, we entered into a loan agreement with Eternal for a loan facility in the principal amount of up to 1,500,000, on an
unsecured basis and bearing no interest (the Seventh Eternal Loan ). The Seventh Eternal Loan is available for drawdown by
the Borrower in unlimited number of installments in the period from August 3, 2024 to March 31, 2025. The final repayment date is March
31, 2025 or, if earlier, the date of the consummation of the initial business combination of us As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding
balance of the Seventh Eternal Loan was 1,425,402 and no interest was accrued. 

Eternal is controlled by
Charles Ratelband V, our Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. Each member of our board of directors has been informed of Mr.
Ratelband s material interest in the loan agreements, and upon the approval and recommendation of our audit committee, our board
of directors has determined that the loans are fair and in the best interests of us and has voted to approve the loans. 

Convertible Promissory Note 

On May 2, 2023, we
issued a convertible promissory note (the 2023 Extension Note in the aggregate principal amount of 900,000 to the Sponsor,
which will be deposited into the Trust Account in monthly installments for the benefit of each Public Share that was not redeemed in
connection with the Extension Amendment. The Sponsor agreed to pay 75,000 per month until the completion of an initial Business Combination,
commencing on May 2, 2023 and continuing through May 2, 2024 (or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors
in its sole discretion). The 2023 Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation
of the initial Business Combination, and (b) the date of our liquidation. Per the 2023 Extension Note Amendment, if we do not repay the
2023 Extension Note within five days of the maturity date, five percent (5 interest per month will accrue on the unpaid principal balance
until the 2023 Extension Note is fully repaid. At any time prior to the payment in full of the principal balance of the convertible promissory
note, the Sponsor may elect to convert all or any portion of the unpaid principal balance into that number of warrants (the Conversion
Warrants at a conversion price of 1.00 per warrant. The Conversion Warrants shall be identical to the Private Placement Warrants
issued by us at the Initial Public Offering. We have determined that the fair value of the 2023 Extension Note is par value. We have
determined that the fair value of the 2023 Extension Note is par value. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of the
2023 Extension Note was 900,000 and no interest was accrued. 

28 

On April 30, 2024, we issued
a convertible promissory note (the 2024 Extension Note in the aggregate principal amount of 600,000 to the Sponsor, which
will be deposited into the Trust Account in monthly installments for the benefit of each Public Share that was not redeemed in connection
with the 2024 EGM. The Sponsor agreed to pay 50,000 per month that the board of directors decides to take to complete an initial Business
Combination, commencing on May 2, 2024 and continuing through May 2, 2025 (or such earlier date as determined by our board
of directors in its sole discretion). The 2024 Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the
date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, and (b) the date of our liquidation. At any time prior to the payment in
full of the principal balance of the convertible promissory note, the Sponsor may elect to convert all or any portion of the unpaid principal
balance into that number of warrants (the Conversion Warrants at a conversion price of 1.00 per warrant. The Conversion
Warrants shall be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued by us at the Initial Public Offering. We have determined that the
fair value of the 2024 Extension Note is par value. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of the 2024 Extension Note
was 250,000. 

Going Concern 

As of September 30,
2024, we have a cash balance of 3,708 and a working capital deficit of 5,286,927. We have incurred and expects to continue to incur
significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern one year from the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements. Prior to consummation of a Business Combination,
we have the ability to secure additional funding from the Sponsor or other related parties. There is no assurance that our plans to consummate
a Business Combination will be successful by May 2, 2025. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations,
assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration Rights 

Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into on April 27, 2022, the holders of the founder shares and the private placement warrants (and their underlying
securities) are entitled to registration rights. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any registration
statements pursuant to such registration rights. 

Underwriting Agreement 

Pursuant to the underwriting
agreement, the underwriters received a cash underwriting discount of 1,181,250 following the consummation of the initial public offering.
The underwriters are also entitled to a deferred commission of 2,362,500, which will be payable solely in the event that we complete
an initial Business Combination. In addition, the underwriters also received 118,125 units in the initial public offering, with such
units restricted from sale until the closing of the initial Business Combination and with no redemption rights from the Trust Account. 

Additionally, we granted
the underwriters for a period beginning on the closing of the initial public offering and ending on the earlier of the 12 month anniversary
of the closing of an initial business combination or April 27, 2025, a right of first refusal to act as (i) exclusive financial advisor
in connection with all of our proposed Business Combinations for a fee of up to 6.0 of the proceeds of the initial public offering (subject
to our right to allocate up to 50 of such fee to another financial institution or extinguish such amount in Company s sole discretion),
and (ii) sole investment banker, sole book-runner and/or sole placement agent, at underwriters sole discretion, for each and every
future public and private equity and debt initial public offering, including all equity linked financings, during such period for us
or any successor to us or any of our subsidiaries, on terms agreed to by both us and underwriters in good faith. 

29 

Transaction Expenses 

On May 31, 2022, we entered
into an agreement (the EGS Agreement with Ellenoff, Grossman Schole LLP to act as U.S. securities council to us
in connection with pending acquisition targets for us to acquire consistent with its Initial Public Offering and assist in U.S. securities
work related to the initial Business Combination. The fee structure for this agreement is as follows: (i) an upfront retainer of 37,500
(ii) billing on an hourly basis for time (iii) each month fifty percent (50 of the amount billed shall be due and owing (iv) the remaining
fifty percent (50 not paid on a monthly basis will be deferred until the closing of the initial Business Combination and will be paid
with a twenty percent (20 premium. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the total outstanding billed amount for
services provided by EGS is 913,026 and 892,784 of which 456,513 and 446,392 (50 of the outstanding balance), respectively, is considered
outstanding per the terms of the EGS Agreement and is included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. As the initial
Business Combination cannot be deemed probable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and payment of
the deferred portion of the outstanding balance is contingent upon a successful initial Business Combination, no amount was accrued for
the deferred portion of the outstanding amount or the premium. 

On August 17, 2022, we entered
into an agreement (the Maxim Letter Agreement with Maxim to pay a fee (the Maxim Success Fee upon completion
of one or more successful transactions. On October 3, 2022, we amended its agreement with Maxim (the Maxim Amendment ).
The Maxim Amendment states that we will pay to Maxim, upon closing of such successful transaction(s), a fee based upon the amount of
cash we have in the Trust Account immediately prior to consummation of the transaction and/or contributed to the transaction. If the
amount of such cash is less than 50,000,000, Maxim s fee will be equal to 200,000 in cash and an additional 150,000 of common
stock of the post-transaction Company (the New Common Stock ). If the amount of such cash is equal to or greater than 40
million, the Maxim Success Fee will be 500,000 cash. If the amount of such cash is equal to or greater than 75 million, the Maxim Success
Fee will be 500,000 cash and an additional 500,000 payable in either cash or New Common Stock, at the option of us. The New Common
Stock will be issued to Maxim Partners LLC, will be valued at the same price per share/exchange ratio as in the definitive transaction
documentation, and it will have unlimited piggyback registration rights. The Maxim Success Fee will be paid upon the consummation of
the transaction. 

On July 11, 2022, we entered
into a letter agreement with ALANTRA Corporate Finance, S.A.U. ALANTRA and U.N. SDG Support Holdings LLC Sponsor
Entity ), under which we engaged ALANTRA to act as our financial advisor for the design, negotiation, and execution of potential
Business Combinations between us and one or more energy transition companies. On October 3, 2022, we amended such letter agreement (the
 ALANTRA Letter Agreement ). 

Under the ALANTRA Letter
Agreement, we agreed to pay ALANTRA a retainer of 15,000 at the signing of the ALANTRA Letter Agreement plus a retainer fee of 20,000
per month that is due and payable on the last day of each month for a maximum period of five months. Should the aggregated value of the
transaction be above 400,000,000, the retainer fee will increase up to 40,000 per month with the same maximum five-month period for
the payment of any retainer fee. 

If a transaction that is
introduced by ALANTRA or by another institution to which no fees are due by us (e.g. an institution acting on behalf of a target) is
completed the following remuneration will be due to ALANTRA as a remuneration for its services ALANTRA Success Fee ). 

1,600,000 payable by us; and 

1,600,000 payable by or on behalf of the Sponsor Entity 

30 

If a transaction is completed
in North America, Asia, or Africa that is not introduced by ALANTRA and such transaction requires an introductory, advisory, or similar
fee due by us, we shall pay ALANTRA an ALANTRA Success Fee in the form of: 

For the first 300,000,000 of aggregated
 value of the transaction, 0.85 of each transaction purchase price; and 

For the aggregated value of the transaction
 above the first 300,000,000, 0.4 of each transaction purchase price 

Notwithstanding the above,
it is agreed that the ALANTRA Success Fee will be subject to a minimum of EUR 1,000,000. 

Each ALANTRA Success Fee
shall be payable upon consummation of the applicable transaction (i.e. when the transaction is closed, following fulfillment, if applicable,
of conditions precedent) regardless of (i) the calendar for the payment of the price, (ii) how the purchase price is funded, (iii) and
any deferred payment subsequent to consummation of the transaction, or (iv) any adjustment to the price of the transaction subsequent
to consummation. 

On January 4, 2024, we entered
into an agreement (the MZHCI Agreement with MZHCI, LLC MZHCI wherein MZHCI would act as consultant and
advise, counsel, and inform designated officers and employees of us as it relates to pre post IPO, de-SPAC readiness assessment,
post transaction close preparation advisory, overall capital markets climate related to global macroeconomic conditions, world-leading
exchanges, Company s competitors, related business acquisitions in the relevant market segments, and other aspects of/or concerning
our business about which MZHCI has knowledge or expertise. The MZHCI Agreement became effective upon execution and will remain active
for a period of six months with automatic renewal every six months thereafter. Prior to the De-SPAC of us, we shall pay MZHCI 12,000
per month and subsequent to De-SPAC, we shall pay MZHCI 15,000 per month. At the successful close of the initial Business Combination,
we will issue MZHCI 120,000 worth of ClimateRock restricted common stock, valued at the closing price on the first day of trading after
the successful close of the initial Business Combination. 

Related Party Transactions 

Founder Shares 

During the period ended
December 31, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 2,156,250 Founder Shares to our Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash.
The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 281,250 shares subject to forfeiture by our Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Initial Shareholders would collectively own 20 of our issued and outstanding
shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Initial Shareholders did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public
Offering and excluding the securities underlying the Private Placement Warrants). 

On May 2, 2022, the underwriters
partially exercised the over-allotment option in respect of 375,000 Units and, as agreed with us, the underwriters waived their right
to further exercise the option on May 5, 2022. Accordingly, a total of 93,750 of the Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture
on May 2, 2022, and 187,500 of the Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting in an aggregate of 1,968,750 Founder Shares issued and outstanding. 

On March 31,2023, the Sponsor
elected to convert 1,968,749 Class B ordinary shares to Class A ordinary shares of us, on a one-for-one basis. These conversion shares
are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B ordinary shares before the conversion, including, among other things,
certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial Business Combination as
described in the prospectus for our Initial Public Offering. Following the conversion, the Sponsor owns 1,968,749 Class A ordinary shares
and one Class B ordinary share. 

31 

Loans with Related Party 

On September 21, 2022,
we entered into a loan agreement with the Lender in the principal amount of up to 180,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest
(the Second Eternal Loan ). The Second Eternal Loan was available to be drawn down from September 21, 2022 to March 31,
2023. The maturity date is March 31, 2025, or if earlier, the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination of us,
as amended by the Second Eternal Loan Amendment. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the
Second Eternal Loan was 170,603 and no interest was accrued. 

Additionally, on November 12,
2022, we entered into a loan agreement with the Lender in the principal amount of up to 300,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no
interest (the Third Eternal Loan ). The Third Eternal Loan was available to be drawn down from November 12, 2022 to
March 31, 2023. The maturity date is January 1, 2025 or, if earlier, the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination
of us, as amended by the Third Eternal Loan Amendment. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of
the Third Eternal Loan was 300,000 and no interest was accrued. 

On January 29, 2023, we
entered into a loan agreement with the Lender in the principal amount of up to 50,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest
(the Fourth Eternal Loan ). The Fourth Eternal Loan was available to be drawn down from January 29, 2023 to March 31, 2023
and its maturity date is the earlier of March 31, 2025 or the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination of us, as
amended by the Eternal Loan Amendment. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the Fourth Eternal
Loan was 50,000 and no interest was accrued. 

On April 12, 2023, we entered into a loan agreement with the Lender
for a loan facility in the principal amount of up to 500,000, on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest (the Fifth Eternal
Loan ). The Fifth Eternal Loan was available to be drawn down in four installments: 150,000 on April 12, 2023, 125,000 on
May 3, 2023, 125,000 on June 3, 2023, and 100,000 on July 3, 2023. The maturity date is January 1, 2025, or if earlier,
the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination of us, as amended on August 6, 2024 (the Fifth Eternal Loan Amendment ).
As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we borrowed an additional 0 and 153,619, respectively, beyond the initial terms
of the loan. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the Fifth Eternal Loan was 500,000 and 653,619,
respectively, and no interest was accrued. 

On November 1, 2023, we entered into a loan agreement with the
Lender in the principal amount of up to 335,000 on an unsecured basis and bearing no interest (the Sixth Eternal Loan ).
The Sixth Eternal Loan was available to be drawn down from November 1, 2023. The maturity date is January 1, 2025, or if earlier,
the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination of us, as amended on August 6, 2024 (the Sixth Eternal Loan Amendment ).
In the event we do not repay the Sixth Eternal Loan within 10 days of the consummation of the initial Business Combination of us, we will
pay an interest of five percent (5 per month to the Lender until the date of repayment of the loan. As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, we borrowed an additional 0 and 22,302, respectively, beyond the initial terms of the loan. As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the Sixth Eternal Loan was 335,000 and 357,302, respectively, and no interest
was accrued. 

On November 1, 2023, we
and the Lender agreed to the Eternal Loan Amendment requiring that in the event that we do not repay each of the Second Eternal Loan,
Third Eternal Loan, Fourth Eternal Loan, and Fifth Eternal Loan within 10 days of the consummation of the initial Business Combination
of us, we will pay an interest of five percent (5 per month to Eternal until the date of repayment of each loan. 

On August 5, 2024, we entered into a loan agreement with Eternal for a loan facility in the principal amount of up to 1,500,000, on an
unsecured basis and bearing no interest (the Seventh Eternal Loan ). The Seventh Eternal Loan is available for drawdown by
the Borrower in unlimited number of installments in the period from August 3, 2024 to March 31, 2025. The final repayment date is March
31, 2025 or, if earlier, the date of the consummation of the initial business combination of us. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding
balance of the Seventh Eternal Loan was 1,425,402 and no interest was accrued. 

Eternal is controlled by
Charles Ratelband V, our Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. Each member of our board of directors has been informed of Mr.
Ratelband s material interest in the loan agreements, and upon the approval and recommendation of our audit committee, our board
of directors has determined that the loans are fair and in the best interests of us and has voted to approve the loans. 

32 

Convertible Promissory Note 

On May 2, 2023, we
issued the 2023 Extension Note in the aggregate principal amount of 900,000 to the Sponsor, which will be deposited into the Trust Account
in monthly installments in lieu of the Paid Extensions for the benefit of each Public Share that was not redeemed in connection with
the Extension Amendment. The Sponsor agreed to pay 75,000 per month until the completion of an initial Business Combination, commencing
on May 2, 2023 and continuing through May 2, 2024 (or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors in its sole
discretion). The 2023 Extension Note bears no interest during the drawdown period of the note and is repayable in full upon the earlier
of (a) the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, and (b) the date of our liquidation. Per the 2023 Extension
Note Amendment, if we do not repay the 2023 Extension Note within five days of the maturity date, five percent (5 interest per month
will accrue on the unpaid principal balance until the 2023 Extension Note is fully repaid. At any time prior to the payment in full of
the principal balance of the convertible promissory note, the Sponsor may elect to convert all or any portion of the unpaid principal
balance into that number of warrants (the Conversion Warrants at a conversion price of 1.00 per warrant. The Conversion
Warrants shall be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued by us at the Initial Public Offering. We have determined that the
fair value of the 2023 Extension Note is par value. As of September 30, 2024, 900,000 has been drawn down under the 2023 Extension
Note. 

On April 30, 2024, we issued
the 2024 Extension Note in the aggregate principal amount of 600,000 to the Sponsor, which will be deposited into the Trust Account
in monthly installments for the benefit of each Public Share that was not redeemed in connection with the 2024 EGM. The Sponsor agreed
to pay 50,000 per month that the board of directors decides to take to complete an initial Business Combination, commencing on May 2,
2024 and continuing through May 2, 2025 (or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors in its sole discretion). The
2024 Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the initial Business
Combination, and (b) the date of our liquidation. At any time prior to the payment in full of the principal balance of the convertible
promissory note, the Sponsor may elect to convert all or any portion of the unpaid principal balance into that number of warrants (the
 Conversion Warrants at a conversion price of 1.00 per warrant. The Conversion Warrants shall be identical to the Private
Placement Warrants issued by us at the Initial Public Offering. We have determined that the fair value of the 2024 Extension Note is
par value. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of the 2024 Extension Note was 250,000. 

Administrative Service Fee 

We entered into an administrative
services agreement (the Administrative Services Agreement with the Sponsor on April 27, 2022 whereby the Sponsor will
perform certain services for us for a monthly fee of 10,000. On May 2, 2022, the Sponsor entered into an assignment agreement with Gluon
Group, an affiliate of us, to provide the services detailed in the Administrative Service Agreement. An officer of us owns 505 shares
of Gluon Group and serves as managing partner. As of September 30, 2024, 39,187 has been paid to Gluon Group for such services
and an additional 274,941 and 184,941, respectively, has been accrued. 

33 

Advisory Services 

On September 21, 2022, we
entered into an agreement (the Letter Agreement with Gluon Partners LLP Gluon to pay a fee (the Transaction
Success Fee upon completion of one or more successful transactions. We will pay Gluon 500,000 upon completion of one or more
transactions with an aggregate purchase price of less than 400,000,000; and, an additional 500,000 upon completion of one or more transactions
with an aggregate purchase price of more than 400,000,000. This means the total remuneration for transactions with a purchase price
more than 400,000,001 would be 1,000,000. The transactions purchase price will correspond to the price paid to the sellers of the applicable
target, including cash, debt, and equity funded payments. Each Transaction Success Fee will be payable upon consummation of the applicable
transaction, regardless of (i) the calendar for the payment of the purchase price, (ii) how the purchase price is funded, (iii) any deferred
payment subsequent to consummation of the transaction, or (iv) any adjustments to the price of the transaction subsequent to consummation.
Following payment of Transaction Success Fee, any accrued fees payable to the Gluon Group by us will be waived. 

On October 5, 2022, we and
Gluon agreed to lower the Transaction Success Fee to a total payment of 250,000 upon successful completion of one of more transactions
with an aggregate purchase price equal or more than 400,000,000. 

In addition, the Letter
Agreement was amended to entitle Gluon, with respect to any financing undertaken by us introduced by Gluon during the term of the Letter
Agreement, to the following fees: (i) for a financing involving an issuance of our senior, subordinated and/or mezzanine debt securities,
a cash fee payable at any closing equal to two percent (2.0 of the gross proceeds received by us at such closing; (ii) for a financing
involving equity, equity-linked or convertible securities, a cash fee payable at each closing equal to five percent (5.0 of the gross
proceeds received by us at such closing. 

In addition to the Transaction
Success Fee, we agreed to pay Gluon Group for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with providing
the services for the transactions. In the event of a successful initial Business Combination, Gluon also agreed to waive any accrued
fees owed by us. 

In addition to the Gluon
Success Fee, we agreed to pay Gluon Group for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with providing
the services for the transactions. 

Per Regnarsson, the Chief
Executive Officer and a director of us, is the Managing Partner of Gluon Partners. Each member of our board of directors has been informed
of Mr. Regnarsson s material interest in the Gluon Letter Agreement, and upon the approval and recommendation of our audit committee,
our board of directors has determined that the Gluon Letter Agreement is fair and in the best interests of us and has voted to approve
the Gluon Letter Agreement. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of the consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial
statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. Our significant
accounting policies are discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

34 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and
procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar
functions, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15
and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Certifying Officers carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon their evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as
of the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls
and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures,
no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies
and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

During the quarter ended
September 30, 2024, there have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

35 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

To the knowledge of our
management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity
as such or against any of our property. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company
under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Quarterly Report. For additional risks relating
to our operations, other than as set forth below, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our (i) IPO Registration
Statement, (ii) Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, as filed with the SEC on March
18, 2024 and February 17, 2023, respectively, and (iii) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended September 30,
2023, June 30, 2023, March 31, 2023, September 30, 2022, and June 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on November 14, 2023 and amended on
March 14, 2024, August 14, 2023 and amended on March 14, 2024, May 8, 2023 and amended on March 14, 2024, November 9, 2022 and amended
on December 21, 2022 and March 14, 2024, and August 11, 2022 and amended on March 14, 2024, respectively, and (iv) definitive proxy statements
on Schedule 14A, as filed with the SEC on April 11, 2023 and April 12, 2024, respectively. Any of these factors could result in a significant
or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our
business or ability to consummate an initial Business Combination. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional
risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

We have received a delisting notice from Nasdaq for failing
to meet the Public Holders Requirement. If we cannot regain compliance, our securities will be subject to delisting and the liquidity
and the trading price of our securities could be adversely affected. 

As previously disclosed,
on April 10, 2024, we received a deficiency letter from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of Nasdaq notifying
us that our Public Shareholders of our Class A ordinary shares were below the 400 Public Holders minimum requirement for continued inclusion
on The Nasdaq Global Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2) (the Public Holders Requirement ). The notifications
received had no immediate effect on our Nasdaq listing. The Nasdaq rules provided us 45 calendar days to submit a plan to regain compliance
and a compliance period of up to 180 calendar days in which to evidence compliance. We submitted to Nasdaq a plan to regain compliance
on May 28, 2024, and the Staff granted us an extension until October 7, 2024 to comply with the Public Holders Requirement. 

On October 8, 2024, we received
a notice (the Notice from the Staff that, since we had not regained compliance with the Public Holders Requirement, our
securities would be subject to delisting from Nasdaq, unless we timely requests a hearing before the Hearing Panel (the Panel of Nasdaq by October 15, 2024. On October 15, 2024, we submitted a request to appeal the Notice to the Panel. 

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading
on its exchange as a result of our failure to satisfy the Public Holders Requirement or any other applicable listing requirement and
we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter
market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

appearing to be less attractive to
 potential target companies than an exchange listed SPAC; 

a limited availability of market
 quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A
 ordinary shares is a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our
 Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced
 level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst
 coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional
 securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

In addition, if our securities
are delisted from Nasdaq, offers and sales of our securities by us may be subject to state securities regulation and additional compliance
costs. 

36 

Our securities will be suspended from trading on Nasdaq and
delisted if we do not consummate our initial Business Combination by April 27, 2025. Any trading suspension or delisting could have a
material adverse effect on the trading of our securities and may adversely affect our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination.

Our IPO Registration Statement
was declared effective by the SEC on April 27, 2022 and our securities are currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Market. Pursuant to
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we have until May 2, 2025 to consummate our initial Business Combination.
However, Nasdaq s rules currently require SPACs (such as us) to satisfy certain listing conditions, including the requirement that
a SPAC must complete one or more Business Combinations within 36 months following the effectiveness of its initial public offering registration
statement (the 36-Month Requirement ). If a SPAC does not meet the 36-Month Requirement, it will be subject to a suspension
of trading and delisting from Nasdaq. 

Under the previous Nasdaq
rule, a SPAC not in compliance with the 36-Month Requirement could request a hearing before the hearing panel of Nasdaq (the Hearing
Panel ), which would have the effect of staying any potential delisting. However, in rules that became effective on October 7,
2024 (the New Nasdaq Rules ). , which includes removing the stay relating to the 36-Month Requirement Under the New Nasdaq
Rules, a SPAC s Nasdaq-listed securities will be immediately suspended from trading through the pendency of the Hearing Panel s
review. In addition, the scope of the Hearing Panel s review is limited, as the Hearing Panel may only reverse a delisting determination
by the staff of the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq (a Staff Delisting Determination where it determines that
the Staff Delisting Determination was made in error and that the SPAC never failed to satisfy the 36-Month Requirement. In such cases,
the Hearing Panel is no longer able to consider facts indicating that the SPAC had regained compliance since the date of the Staff Delisting
Determination, nor may the Hearing Panel grant an exception allowing the SPAC additional time to regain compliance. If a SPAC completes
a Business Combination after receiving a Staff Delisting Determination and/or demonstrates compliance with all applicable initial listing
requirements, the combined company will be apply to list its securities on Nasdaq pursuant to the normal application review process.
The New Nasdaq Rules contained a list of deficiencies that would immediately result in a Staff Delisting Determination, which includes
noncompliance with the 36-Month Requirement. 

Accordingly, unless we are
able to consummate our initial Business Combination on or prior to April 27, 2025, our combination period will not be in compliance with
the New Nasdaq Rules, and our securities will be suspended from trading on Nasdaq and delisted. If Nasdaq were to suspend our securities
from trading and delist our securities, our securities could potentially be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur,
we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

appearing to be less attractive to
 potential target companies than an exchange listed SPAC; 

a limited availability of market
 quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A
 ordinary shares is a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our
 Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced
 level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst
 coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional
 securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

In addition, if our securities
are delisted from Nasdaq, trading in our securities, and offers and sales of our securities by us, may be subject to state securities
regulation and additional compliance costs. 

37 

Our Public Shareholders exercise of redemption rights
with respect to a large number of Public Shares in the Second Extension may affect our ability to complete an initial Business Combination
in the most desirable manner that will optimize the capital structure of the combined company, or at all. 

Over the past two years,
the redemption rate of shares held by Public Shareholders of SPACs at the time of a shareholder meeting that approves an amendment to
the charter of the SPAC or the initial Business Combination of the SPAC has been very high, thereby increasing the likelihood that we,
too, may be subject to significant redemptions that may affect our ability to complete an initial Business Combination. In addition,
the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters in connection with our Initial Public Offering will not
be reduced for any Public Shares that are redeemed in connection with an extension of the Combination Period or a Business Combination.
If we are able to consummate an initial Business Combination, the per-share value of Public Shares held by non-redeeming Public Shareholders
following the Business Combination will reflect our obligation to pay, and the payment of, the deferred underwriting commissions. 

In connection with the 2024
EGM, 111,915 Public Shares were redeemed at a price per Public Share of approximately 11.37, thereby reducing the number of outstanding
Public Shares to 2,465,223, and reducing the total amount held in the Trust Account to 28,895,303 (as of September 30, 2024). 

Due to the high rates of
redemptions of Public Shares in connection with shareholder votes on extensions or Business Combinations of SPACs, we may need to rely
upon significant PIPE or other outside financing to provide cash to our post-Business Combination company. Obtaining financing in connection
with initial Business Combinations of SPACs has in recent times been very difficult, with many financings available only on terms that
are onerous to the surviving company of the Business Combination. The failure to secure additional financing on reasonable terms could
have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of the Sponsor or our other shareholders
is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial Business Combination. Raising additional third-party
financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels or on onerous terms.
The above considerations may limit our ability to complete a Business Combination in the most desirable manner that will optimize the
capital structure of the combined company, or at all. If we are unable to complete an initial Business Combination, our Public Shareholders
may only receive approximately 11.72 per Public Share on the liquidation of our Trust Account, as of September 30, 2024, and our warrants
and rights will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our Public Shareholders may receive less than 11.72 per share on the redemption
of their Public Shares. 

For risks related to GreenRock
and the GreenRock Business Combination, please see the Registration Statement on Form F-4 filed by Pubco in connection with the GreenRock
Business Combination on January 26, 2024, as amended on March 29, 2024 and as may be further amended from time to time. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

None. 

Use of Proceeds 

For a description of the
use of proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, as filed with the on SEC on June 10, 2022. There has been no material change in the planned use
of proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and Private Placement as described in the registration statement for the Initial Public
Offering. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

During the quarterly period
ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) 
or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term
is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

Additional Information 

None. 

38 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are
filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 2.1 
 
 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 6, 2024, by and among ClimateRock, ClimateRock Holdings Limited, ClimateRock Merger Sub Limited, GreenRock Merger Sub Corp. and GreenRock Corp (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 7, 2024). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as
 Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

39 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 CLIMATEROCK 

By: 
 /s/ Per Regnarsson 

Per Regnarsson 

Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Abhishek Bawa 

Abhishek Bawa 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022083901ex31-1_climate.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Per Regnarsson, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q of ClimateRock; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
 contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
 made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
 and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
 for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and
 procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial
 reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
 and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
 by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in
 the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
 in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
 materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
 and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
 board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material
 weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process,
 summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that
 involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Per Regnarsson 

Per Regnarsson 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022083901ex31-2_climate.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Abhishek Bawa, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q of ClimateRock; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
 contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
 made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
 and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
 and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
 reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
 have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and
 procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial
 reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
 and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
 by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in
 the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
 in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
 materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
 and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
 board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material
 weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process,
 summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that
 involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/Abhishek Bawa 

Abhishek Bawa 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022083901ex32-1_climate.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of ClimateRock
(the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Per Regnarsson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements
 of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
 presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
 the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Per Regnarsson 

Name: 
 Per Regnarsson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022083901ex32-2_climate.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of ClimateRock
(the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Abhishek Bawa, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements
 of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
 presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
 the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Abhishek Bawa 

Name: 
 Abhishek Bawa 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 clcr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 clcr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 clcr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 clcr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 clcr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

