<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1496383_0001213900-24-100145.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7721883</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>157423</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1396682</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2041225</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1788665</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2164362</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-100145.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119160130
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-100145
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ilustrato Pictures International Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001496383
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLES & PASSENGER CAR BODIES [3711]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				272450645
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56487
		FILM NUMBER:		241475912

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		26 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 934
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-522-3202

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		26 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 934
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Superior Venture Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100712

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-100145.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 ea0221688-10q_ilustrato.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Quarterly Report pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

Transition Report pursuant to 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to__________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

- 

(Registrant s telephone number) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

State the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: common shares as of November 19, 2024 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30,
2024 (the Report including, but not limited to, the financial statements, related notes, and other information included
herein has not been reviewed by the Company s independent public accounting firm prior to the filing of this Report. On August 19,
2024, the Company engaged a new independent registered public accounting firm. The new independent registered public accounting
firm will review this Form 10-Q and upon the completion of its review, the Company will file the requisite amendment to this Report. The
delayed review is due to the fact that ILUS owns controlling positions in a number of public companies which have all changed auditors
simultaneously and all need to be reviewed prior to ILUS being reviewed. Quarter 1 was reviewed by the previous auditor, and it is anticipated
that Quarter 2 and Quarter 3 will be reviewed by the companies' new auditors during the 4 th Quarter and any amendments will
be filed accordingly, if required. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

Item 1: 
 Financial Statements 
 1 
 
 Item 2: 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 2 
 
 Item 3: 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 8 
 
 Item 4: 
 Controls and Procedures 
 8 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 9 

Item 1: 
 Legal Proceedings 
 9 
 
 Item 1A: 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item 2: 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 9 
 
 Item 3: 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 9 
 
 Item 4: 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 9 
 
 Item 5: 
 Other Information 
 9 
 
 Item 6: 
 Exhibits 
 10 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

Our financial statements included in this Form
10-Q are as follows: 

F-1 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited/Not Reviewed) and December 31, 2023; 

F-2 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023(Unaudited/Not Reviewed); 

F-3 
 Consolidated
 Statement of Stockholders Equity for the periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 (Unaudited/Not
 Reviewed); 

F-4 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 (Unaudited/Not Reviewed); and 

F-5 
 Notes
 to consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited/Not Reviewed). 

These consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial information
and the SEC instructions to Form 10-Q. In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation have
been included. Operating results for the interim period ended September 30, 2024, are not necessarily indicative of the results that
can be expected for the full year. 

1 

ILUSTRATO
PICTURES INTERNATIONAL INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(UNAUDITED/NOT REVIEWED) 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

Not Reviewed 
 Audited 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Accounts Receivables 
 3 

Inventory 

Deposits, Prepayments, Advances 

Other Current Assets 
 3 

Total Current Assets 

Long term Investments 
 4 

Right of use of asset 

Goodwill 
 4 

Tangible Assets 
 4 

Capital work in progress 

Receivable Non-Current 
 4 

Total Non-Current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Account Payable 

Current lease liability 

Related Party Payables 

Other Current liabilities 
 5 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Notes payable long-term 
 6 

Non-current lease liability 

Other non-current liabilities 
 7 

Total Non-Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Common Stock: shares authorized, par value, and issued and outstanding 
 8 

Preferred Stock: authorized, par value, 

Class A - authorized; issued and outstanding 

Class B - authorized; issued and outstanding 

Class C - authorized; issued and outstanding 

Class D - authorized; issued and outstanding 

Class E - authorized; issued and outstanding 

Class F - authorized; issued and outstanding 

Additional Paid-in-capital 

Capital Reserve 

Non-Controlling Interest 

Retained Earnings 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited and not reviewed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 1 

ILUSTRATO PICTURES INTERNATIONAL
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED/NOT REVIEWED) 

For the Three Months Ended 
 For the Nine Months Ended 

30-Sep-24 Not Reviewed 
 30-Sep-23 Not Reviewed 
 30-Sep-24 Not Reviewed 
 30-Sep-23 Not Reviewed 

Revenue 

Cost of revenues 

Gross Profit 

Operating expenses 

Professional fees 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other (income) expenses 

Interest expense 

Other Income 

Total other (income) expense, net 

Net Income (Loss) before Tax 

Corporate Income Tax 
 
 -

-

Net Income (Loss) 

Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 
 -

-

Net income (loss) attributable to ILUS stockholders 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Net income (loss) per common share - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited and not reviewed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

ILUSTRATO PICTURES INTERNATIONAL
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED/NOT REVIEWED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Preferred Stock A 
 Preferred Stock B 
 Preferred Stock D 
 Preferred Stock E 
 Preferred Stock F 
 Common Stock 
 Minority
 Interest 
 Capital
 Reserve 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Retain
 Loss 
 Total
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 

Balance,
 December 31, 2023 

Shared
 Issued 

Convertible
 Conversion common stock 

Common
 stock issued against Warrant 

Common
 stock issued for Cash 

Common
 stock issued as commitment shares 

Common
 stock as compensation to AJB Capital Investments LLC 

common
 stock as compensation to RB Capital Partners LLC 

Preferred
 Stock class F issued 

Preferred
 stock converted into common stock 

Minority
 Interest - Hyperion - Removed 

Minority
 Interest - QI - Removed 

Changes
 in Retained earnings 

Capital
 Reserve 

Net
 Income 

Minority
 Interest 

0 

Total
 Shareholders Equity as of March 31, 2024 

Shared
 Issued 

Common
 Stock through Convertible 

Converted
 F Stock to Common 

Compensation
 Common Stock 

Converted
 B Stock to Common 

Change
 in Capital Reserve 

Adjustment 

Change
 in shareholders account 

Net
 Income 

Change
 in Minority Interest 

0 

0 

0 
 
 Total
 Shareholders Equity as of June 30, 2024 

Shared
 Issued 

0 
 
 Common
 Stock Share - Conversion 

Common
 Stock - Compensation 

Prefer F
 Stock - Services 

Common
 Stock - Commitment 

Common
 Stock - Settlement 

Change
 in shareholders account 

Net
 Income 

Share
 issue pursuant to a loan 

0 

0 

0 
 
 Total
 Shareholders Equity as of September 30, 2024 

For the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2023 

Preferred Stock A 
 Preferred Stock B 
 Preferred Stock D 
 Preferred Stock E 
 Preferred Stock F 
 Common Stock 
 Minority Interest 
 Capital Reserve 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Retain 
Loss 
 Total Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 

Common stock issued 

Common stock cancelled 

Preferred stock issued 

Adjustment 

Changes in Retained earnings 

Current Quarter Income 

Total Shareholders Equity as of March 31, 2023 

Common stock issued 

Preferred converted into Common stock 

Preferred stock converted 

Preferred stock issued 

Adjustment 

0 
 
 Changes in Retainer Earnings 

Current Quarter Income 

Share of profit transferred to Non-Controlling Interest 

0 

0 
 
 Total Shareholders Equity as of June 30, 2023 

Common stock issued against Services 

Common stock issued against Note conversion 

Common stock issued for Cash 

Common stock issued as commitment shares 

Current Quarter Income 

Adjustment (QI NCI Removed) 

Income transferred to Minority Interest 

Changes in Retained earnings 

0 
 
 Total Shareholders Equity as of September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited and not reviewed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

ILUSTRATO PICTURES INTERNATIONAL
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED/NOT REVIEWED) 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Loss for the period 

Adjustment to reconcile net gain (loss) to net cash 

Finance cost 

Non-Cash Stock Compensation Expense 

Stock issued for Services 

Amortization 

Commitment fees 

Depreciation - PPE 

Corporate Income Tax 
 
 0

Other income 

Discount on convertible Notes 

Changes in Assets and Liabilities, net 

Current Assets 

Other Current Liabilities 

Net cash (used In) provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Addition of Fixed Assets 

Right of use Assets 

Changes in Non-current assets 

Changes in Non- Current Liabilities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Common Stock issued 

Lease Finance 

Preferred Stock Issued 

Finance cost 

Discount on convertible Notes 

Additional Paid-up Capital 

Subsidiaries Finances 

0 
 
 Net cash generated from financing activities 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited and not reviewed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ILUSTRATO PICTURES INTERNATIONAL INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

shares of its common stock to the members. 

(C) Subsequently, on April
6, 2016, the Issuer and Cache Cabinetry, LLC entered into a definitive agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ).
Concomitant therewith, the stockholders of the Issuer elected Derrick McWilliams, the President of Cache Cabinetry, LLC Chief Executive
Officer of the Issuer, who along with Barton Hollow, ratified and approved the Merger Agreement and Merger. 

(D) The Merger closed on
June 3, 2016. The merger is designed as a reverse subsidiary merger pursuant to Section 368(a)(2)(E) of the Internal Revenue Code. That
is, upon closing, Cache Cabinetry LLC will merge into a newly created subsidiary of the Issuer with the members of Cache Cabinetry, LLC
receiving shares of the common stock of the Issuer as consideration therefor. Upon closing of the Merger, Cache Cabinetry, LLC will be
the surviving corporation in its merger with the wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer and, therefore has become the wholly owned operating
subsidiary of the Issuer. 

(E) On November 9th, 2018,
the Company entered into a Term Sheet for a Plan of Merger and Control with Larson Elmore. 

(F) As part of the share
purchase arrangement between Lee Larson Elmore and FB Technologies Global Inc., Nick Link, the owner of FB Technologies Global Inc. replaced
Lee Larson Elmore as CEO of Ilustrato Pictures International Inc. on January 14, 2021, where we eventually got control over activities
and books of accounts of Ilustrato Pictures International Inc. So, we are not aware about facts mentioned above vide note no. 1(A), 1(B),
1(C), 1(D), 1(E), 1(F) and 1(G) organization, history, and business as they are related to prior to the date on which control
over activities and books of accounts of Ilustrato Pictures International Inc. were handed over to us. Thus, those events have been reiterated
as disclosed in previous filings made by the preceding management of the company with the SEC. 

(G) On May 18, 2020, the Company entered into
a definitive agreement and Plan of Merger with FB Technologies Global, Inc, the shareholders of FB Technologies Global, Inc. were issued
 shares of Series E Preferred Stock for their shares common shares, Preference D and Preference
A Shares. A final tranche of preference shares subject to performance to be issued in Quarter 1 of 2022. The merger was consummated on
January 14, 2021. 

(H) Firebug Mechanical Equipment LLC was incorporated
on May 8, 2017. ILUS acquired of this company on January 26, 2021, under a signed Share Purchase Agreement. This company is engaged
in the research and development of firefighting technologies and the manufacturing of firefighting equipment and vehicles for its customers
in the Middle East, Asia, and Africa. 

(I) Georgia Fire Rescue Supply LLC (Georgia
Fire) was incorporated on January 21, 2003. ILUS acquired of this company on March 31, 2022, under a signed Share Purchase Agreement.
This company is engaged in the business of sales, distribution and servicing/maintenance of Firefighting, Rescue and Emergency Medical
Services equipment. Purchase consideration includes an aggregate cash purchase price of (Nine Hundred Thousand Dollars), wherein
a fixed sum of (Six Hundred Eighty Thousand) payable upon closing and the remaining (Two Hundred Twenty Thousand Dollars)
payable over a one-year period after closing to the extent the business operations of Georgia Fire Rescue Supply, LLC meet mutually
agreeable performance thresholds along with (One Thousand Five Hundred) restricted Class F Preferred Shares in the public company
llustrato Pictures International Inc. (Symbol: ILUS) 

(J) Bright Concept Detection and Protection System
LLC (BCD Fire) was incorporated on March 18, 2014. ILUS acquired of this company on April 13, 2021, in connection with a signed
Share Purchase Agreement. This company is engaged in the business of sales, distribution, installation and maintenance of Fire Protection
and Security systems. Purchase consideration includes AED (Two hundred and fifty thousand) payable on signing of the Sales Purchase
agreement, AED (Ten thousand) monthly for 24 months starting from May 2021 and (1 million) restricted shares in the
public company llustrato Pictures International Inc. (Symbol: ILUS) 

(K) Bull Head Products Inc. was incorporated
on June 8, 2007. ILUS acquired of this company on January 1, 2022, under a signed Share Purchase Agreement. This company is engaged
in manufacturing aluminum truck beds and brush truck skid units for firefighting purposes including wildland firefighting. Purchase consideration
includes an aggregate cash purchase price of (Five Hundred Thousand) wherein a fixed sum of (Three Hundred Thousand)
payable upon closing and remaining (Two Hundred Thousand) payable over a one-year period after closing to the extent the business
operations of Bull Head Products Inc. meet mutually agreeable performance thresholds referenced in Exhibit B in the SPA along with 
(Six Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty) restricted Class F Preferred Shares in the public company llustrato Pictures International Inc.
(Symbol: ILUS) 

F- 5 

of this company on May 28, 2022, under a signed Share Purchase Agreement for an aggregate amount of
 . This company is engaged in the industrial, oil gas, and manufacturing sectors. Quality Industrial Corp. is a public company
that trades on the OTC Market under the ticker QIND and is designed as a Special Purpose Vehicle for our industrial and manufacturing
division as well as for our operating company Quality International Co Ltd FCZ and other future acquisitions. 

(P) AL Shola Al Modea Safety and Security LLC
is a fire safety company registered in the United Arab Emirates. The company has signed a Share Purchase Agreement to acquire control
of AL Shola Al Modea Safety and Security LLC (ASSS) on December 13, 2022. The purchase consideration for of the shares shall be up
to subject to certain agreed Targets and Key Performance indices being met as referenced in the SPA. 

(Q) On January 3, 2024, Ilustrato Pictures International
Inc. acquired a convertible note from YAII PN, LTD with outstanding principal and accrued interest of in Samsara Luggage Inc.
(SAML). On January 5, 2024, SAML reissued a convertible note to ILUS who on the same day converted the note into shares of
common stock in the Company pursuant to the terms of said exchange note. As a result of such conversion, Ilustrato acquired control of
 of the outstanding shares in SAML as of January 5, 2024. 

(R) On February 23, 2024, Ilustrato Pictures International,
Inc., entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Samsara Luggage Inc., and sold all its equity interests in seven companies owned by
the Company: 

Firebug
Mechanical Equipment LLC 

Georgia
Fire Rescue Supply LLC 

Bright
Concept Detection and Protection System LLC 

Bull
Head Products Inc 

E-Raptor 

The
Vehicle Converters 

AL
Shola Al Modea Safety and Security LLC, the only entity in which the Company does not own but only of the membership interests. 

The consideration for the sale of the equity
interests in the foregoing companies was paid by SAML by the issuance of restricted shares of Series B stock of SAML convertible
into common stock and further milestone payment/s should applicable performance targets be referenced. 

(S) On March 27, 2024, our subsidiary QIND entered
into a definitive Stock Purchase Agreement (the Stock Purchase Agreement with the shareholders of Al Shola Al Modea Gas
Distribution LLC ASG or Al Shola Gas to acquire a interest in ASG. The Closing of the transaction took
place when both parties signed the definitive Stock Purchase Agreement. Al Shola Gas is an Engineering and Distribution Company in the
liquefied petroleum gas LPG Industry in the United Arab Emirates and was established in 1980. The company is one of the
region s leading suppliers and contractors of LPG centralized pipeline systems and is approved by The General Directorate of Civil
Defense, Government of Dubai, as a Central Gas Contractor and LPG Supplier. 

F- 6 

F- 7 

- 
 
 Machinery equipment 
 - 
 
 Computer hardware software 
 - 
 
 Office, furniture others 
 - 

F- 8 

F- 9 

Cost Of Goods Sold 

Gross Profit 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Loss 

Net Loss 

for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, from in 2023, a decrease year to date. Gross profit percentage increased to for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024, from in 2023. 

for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the same period of in the year 2023. 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Total Operating Expenses 

Profit/ loss from Operations 

Non-Operating expenses 

Non-Operating Income 

Net loss/ profit 

F- 10 

for the period ended September 30, 2024, compared to for the period ended September 30, 2023. Our increase
in operating expenses in 2024 was mainly the result of the consolidation of Al Shola Gas in our subsidiary QIND. Our Subsidiary QIND
acquired a interest in Al Shola Gas on March 23, 2024, and is consolidating the profitable operating company into its financials
from Q2 2024. 

for the nine months
ending September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of for the nine months ending September 30, 2023. The change from loss to
profit for the period ending September 30, 2024, is a result of Net Income from our acquisition of Al Shola Gas and the reversal
of interest payments on the loan agreements with Mahavir and Artelliq. 

F- 11 

Advance given to suppliers and sub-contractors 

Director s current accounts 

Statutory dues receivable 

Deposits 

Intercompany loan 

Accrual of discount on notes 

Deferred expenses - consultancy 

Buy Back Commitment 

Misc. current assets 

Total 

Advances
to Subcontractors and Suppliers: Advances have been paid to the suppliers/ sub-contractors in the ordinary course of business for procurement
of specialized material and equipment. 

Directors
Current Account includes amount incurred for Company s Annual shareholders meeting, events for investor relationship, advances
for our investment projects and other expenses incurred for future potential acquisitions. 

Loan
advanced refers to the amount advanced by a company in the ordinary course of business and includes the amount paid for set up of new
businesses. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivables are reported at the customers 
outstanding balances, less any allowance for doubtful accounts. Interest is not accrued on overdue accounts receivable. 

The duration of such receivables extends from
30 days to beyond 12 months. Full payment is received only when a job/project is completed, and approvals are obtained. 

31-60 days 

61-90 days 

+90 days 

Total 

F- 12 

as compared to total assets amounting to as of December 31, 2023. 

Firebug 

Bullhead 

Georgia Fire 

ILUS UK 

BCD 

ASSS 

SAML 

Goodwill Total 

F- 13 

Investment in FB Fire Technologies Ltd 

Investment in Quality International 

Investment in QIND 

Investment in Dear Cashmere Holding Co. 

Long term investment 

Loan to Fb Fire Technologies Ltd 

Total 

The company holds long-term investments of 
and as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. These investments were made for the acquisition of Quality
International, a transaction that was terminated on April 1, 2024 

Investment in Dear Cashmere Holding Co.: The company
received shares of Common stock in Dear Cashmere Holding Co on May 21, 2021, as compensation for services to provided DRCR
such as but not limited to, free rent in Al Marsa Street 66, 11th Floor, Office 1105, Dubai, free use of inhouse accounting, IT, and
legal team from 2021 until December 31, 2023. The shares were discretionary awarded and recorded at a fair market value of with
a grant date as of May 21, 2021, in accordance with ASC 718 and issued by, the Chairman, Nicolas Link and CEO, James Gibbons, of DRCR. 

Investment in FB Fire Technologies: 

Represents number of
Class E Preferred Stock issued, in advance, at per share amounting to the shareholders of FB Fire Technologies
Ltd. 

The company holds investment Quality Industrial
Corp (QIND). 

The company holds long term equity investments
in one of our subsidiaries. 

Plant and Machineries 

Furniture, Fixtures and Fittings 

Vehicles 

Computer and Computer Equipment 

Total 

Addition during Q1 2024 

-
 
 -

Charged Depreciation Q1 2024 

-

Carrying value March 31, 2024 

Addition during Q2 2024 

Charged Depreciation Q2 2024 

Carrying value June 30, 2024 

Addition during Q3 2024 

Charged Depreciation Q3 2024 

Carrying value September 30, 2024 

F- 14 

Credit cards 

other advances 

Loan Payable 

Misc. current liabilities 

Payroll Liabilities 

Payable to Government Authorities 

Provision for Audit Fees 

Payable to subsidiaries 

Total 

As per the applicable accounting standards, Borrowings
from financial institutions have been bifurcated into current and non-current liabilities. 

QUALITY INDUSTRAILA CORP.(QIND) 

ILUSTRATO PICTURES INTERNATIONAL INC (ILUS) 

Total 

The following is the list of Notes payable as
of September 30, 2024. Convertible Notes issued during the reported period are accounted in the books as a liability, accrued Interest
and discount on notes is also accounted accordingly as per general accounting principles. 

On February 04, 2022, the company entered into
a convertible note with Discover Growth Fund LLC John Burke for the amount of . The note is convertible at below
the lowest past 15-day share price and bears interest per annum. The note matured on . The Company signed a Forbearance
Agreement with Discover Growth Fund on May 3, 2023. The Company shall make monthly minimum loan payments to Discover Growth Fund of 
commencing on May 30, 2023, and on the 5th day of each month thereafter, until the Note is paid in full. Four payments of 
have been made as of September 30, 2024. 

On June 1, 2022, the company entered into a convertible
note with RB Capital Partners Inc., for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock at the rate of and
bears interest per annum. The note matures on . This note has been partially converted. 

On December 22, 2023, the company entered into
a convertible note with AJB Capital Investment LLC for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock upon an event
of default at the rate equal to volume weighted average trading price of the specified period and bears interest. The note matures
on . 

On January 31, 2024, the company entered into
a convertible note with RB Capital Partners Inc., for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock at the rate of
 and bears interest per annum. The note matures on . 

F- 15 

with RB Capital Inc. which amount represents the amount owed to Holder
as of April 1, 2024. Repayable at any time and bears interest rate per annum. The Company may repay the Holder in cash at any time
in full including all interest and principal, without penalty. If the issuer pays the holder in cash in a fiscal quarter the
holder will not be permitted to carry out a conversion in that fiscal quarter, unless by mutual agreement. The note is convertible into
common stock at a rate equal to the variable conversion price as of of the lowest trading price during the previous trading . 

On April 15, 2024, the company entered into a convertible
note with TwnBrooks Inc., for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock at the rate of of the lowest trading
price days prior to conversion and bears a interest per annum. The note matures on . 

On May 6, 2024, the company entered into a convertible
note with RB Capital Partners Inc., for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock at the rate of and bears
a interest per annum. The note matures on . 

On May 16, 2024, the company entered into a convertible
note with RB Capital Partners Inc., for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock at the rate of and bears
a interest per annum. The note matures on . 

On May 20, 2024, the company entered into a convertible
note with TwnBrooks Inc., for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock at the rate of below the average past
10-day share price prior to conversion and bears a interest per annum. The note matures on . 

On June 12, 2024, ILUS entered into a note payable
of with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC. convertible into common stock multiplied by the lowest trading price for the Common Stock
during the ) Trading prior to the Conversion date and bears a interest per annum. The note matures on . 

On June 20, 2024, ILUS entered into a note payable
of with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC. convertible into common stock multiplied by the lowest trading price for the Common Stock
during the ten ) Trading Days prior to the Conversion date and bears a interest per annum. The note matures on . 

On July 01, 2024, the company entered into a convertible
note with TwnBrooks Inc., for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock at the rate of below the average past
10-day share price prior to conversion and bears a interest per annum. The note matures on . 

On July 01, 2024, the company entered into a convertible
note with TwnBrooks Inc., for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock at the rate of below the average past
10-day share price prior to conversion and bears a interest per annum. The note matures on . 

On July 02, 2024, the company entered into a
convertible note with RB Capital Partners Inc., for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock at the rate of
 and bears a interest per annum. The note matures on . 

On August 13, 2024, the company entered into
a convertible note with RB Capital Partners Inc., for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock at the rate of
 and bears a interest per annum. The note matures on . 

On August 30, 2024, the company entered into a
convertible note with TwnBrooks Inc., for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock at the rate of below the
average past 10-day share price prior to conversion and bears a interest per annum. The note matures on . 

On September 04, 2024, the company entered into
a convertible note with TwnBrooks Inc., for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock at the rate of below
the average past 10-day share price prior to conversion and bears a interest per annum. The note matures on . 

F- 16 

Bank Borrowings Payable to Al Shola Gas Shareholders 

Provision for Convertible Notes 

Interest on Convertible Notes 

Total 

Options and Warrants 

The Company chooses not to record warrants in
its financial books if the exercise price is significantly higher than the current market price and classifies it as a contingent liability. For
example, the common stock purchase warrant to Discover Growth Fund, LLC described below has an exercise price of . As of December
31, 2022, the market price was , and by March 15, 2023, it had further decreased to when the Consolidated Financial Statements
were being audited. The Company s management classifies these warrants as a contingent liability, given the decline in prices,
making it unlikely that the warrants will be exercised in the future. The management reserves warrant shares with its transfer agent.
If the warrants should be exercised in the future the warrants will be accounted for in accordance with ASC 480. 

On February 4, 2022, a Common Share Purchase
Warrant was issued to Discover Growth Fund, LLC, of the convertible promissory note of even date herewith (the Note ),
, Holder is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time
on or after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from the Company, of the Company s common shares (the Warrant
Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise
Price of , per share then in effect. 

On December 2, 2022, we issued a common stock
purchase warrant to AJB Capital Investment LLC for the convertible promissory note. The holder is entitled, upon the terms
and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof,
to purchase from the Company, of the Company s common shares (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number
may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect.
The Warrant was later amended on March 8, 2023, and May 12, 2023. 

On January 26, 2023, we issued a common stock
purchase warrant to Jefferson Street Capital for the convertible promissory note. The holder is entitled, upon the terms and
subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof,
to purchase from the Company, of the Company s common shares (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may
be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. 

On June 30, 2023, we issued a common stock purchase
warrant to Exchange Listing. The holder is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from the Company, of the Company s
common shares (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions
of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. 

F- 17 

shares, of which all shares are common stock, with a par value
of one-tenth of one cent per share. In February 2024 the company increased the authorised to . 

The Company also created the following 
preferred shares with a par value of to be designated Class A, B and C. 

Class A preferred shares that
convert at common shares for every preferred class A share and voting rights of common shares for every 1 preferred class A share.
All preferred class A shares have been issued to the Company s CEO. 

Class B preferred with par
value that will be converted at common shares for every preferred Class B Share with voting rights of common shares
for every 1 preferred class B share. Dividends to be paid according to the company s dividend policy agreed by the board from time
to time 

Class C preferred shares that
convert at common shares for every preferred class C common share with voting rights of common shares for every 1 preferred class
C share. 

Class D preferred shares;
par value that convert at common shares for every preferred class D common share with voting rights of common
shares for every 1 preferred class D share. 

Class E preferred shares; par value
 ; non-cumulative. Dividends are a year commencing a year after issuance. Dividends are to be paid annually. Redeemable at 
per share, must be redeemed per quarter, commencing one year after issuance, and shall be redeemed at a premium to the redemption
value. The shares do not have voting rights. 

Class F preferred shares;
par value that convert at common shares for every preferred class F share with no voting rights and no dividends. 

Stockholders Equity 

As of September 30, 2024, 

1. 3, 
shares of common stock are authorized, and shares of the Company s common stock are issued and outstanding. 

2. 235, 
shares of all classes of preferred stock are authorized and shares of the Company s all classes of Preferred stock are
issued and outstanding. 

On January 3, 2024, Ilustrato Pictures International
Inc. acquired a convertible note from YAII PN, LTD with outstanding principal and accrued interest of in Samsara Luggage Inc.
(SAML). On January 5, 2024, SAML reissued a convertible note to ILUS who on the same day converted the note into shares of
common stock in the Company pursuant to the terms of said exchange note. As a result of such conversion, Ilustrato acquired control of
 of the outstanding shares in SAML as of January 5, 2024. 

F- 18 

shares of common stock as
commitment shares to TwnBrooks Inc. with a fair market value of per share for an aggregate price of . 

On January 18, 2024, we issued shares
of common stock to Kyle Comerford for a stock purchase agreement for an aggregate price of . 

On January 22, 2024, James Gibbons converted
 shares of Preference F stock into shares of common stock. 

On January 22, 2024, we issued shares of common stock as
commitment shares to TwnBrooks Inc. with a fair market value of per share for an aggregate price of . 

On January 25, 2024, we issued shares
of common stock as compensation to AJB Capital Investments LLC for partial conversion of a convertible note for an aggregate price of
 . 

On February 1, 2024, we issued shares
of common stock as compensation to RB Capital Partners LLC for partial conversion of a convertible note for an aggregate price of . 

On February 2, 2024, we issued shares
of common stock as commitment shares to TwnBrooks Inc. with a fair market value of per share for an aggregate price of . 

On February 8, 2024, the company entered into
a share purchase agreement with William Black to sell shares of Preferred F Stock for a purchase price of . 

On February 19, 2024, we issued shares
of Preferred F stock to Safeguard Investments LLC for an aggregate price of for consultancy services. 

On February 23, 2024, Ilustrato Pictures International,
Inc., entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Samsara Luggage Inc., and sold all its equity interests in seven companies owned by
the Company: 

Firebug
Mechanical Equipment LLC 

Georgia
Fire Rescue Supply LLC 

Bright
Concept Detection and Protection System LLC 

Bull
Head Products Inc 

E-Raptor 

The
Vehicle Converters 

. 

The consideration for the sale of the equity
interests in the foregoing companies was paid by SAML by the issuance of restricted shares of Series B stock of SAML convertible
into common stock and further milestone payment/s should applicable performance targets be referenced. 

On March 19, 2024, we issued shares
of common stock to Jefferson Street for conversion of a warrant for an aggregate price of . 

On March 26, 2024, the Company amended its Articles
of Incorporation to authorize it to issue up to three and a half billion ) common shares, with a par value of one-tenth
of one cent per share. 

On March 27, 2024, we issued shares
of common stock as commitment shares to TwnBrooks Inc. with a fair market value of per share for an aggregate price of . 

On March 27, 2024, our subsidiary
QIND entered into a definitive Stock Purchase Agreement (the Stock Purchase Agreement with the shareholders of Al Shola
Al Modea Gas Distribution LLC ASG or Al Shola Gas to acquire a interest in ASG. The Closing of the
transaction took place when both parties signed the definitive Stock Purchase Agreement. Al Shola Gas is an Engineering and Distribution
Company in the liquefied petroleum gas LPG Industry in the United Arab Emirates and was established in 1980. The company
is one of the region s leading suppliers and contractors of LPG centralized pipeline systems and is approved by The General Directorate
of Civil Defense, Government of Dubai, as a Central Gas Contractor and LPG Supplier. 

F- 19 

shares
of common stock to TwnBrooks Inc for conversion of a convertible note for an aggregate price of . 

On April 02, 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock to TwnBrooks Inc for conversion of a convertible note for an aggregate price of . 

On April 03, 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock to Kevin Van Hoesen for a stock purchase agreement for an aggregate price of . 

On April 11, 2024, John-Paul
Backwell converted shares of Preference F Stock into shares of common stock. 

On April 11, 2024, Daniel
Link converted shares of Preference F stock into shares of common stock. 

On April 15, 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock as commitment shares to TwnBrooks Inc. with a fair market value of per share for an aggregate
price of pursuant to the issuance of a convertible promissory note dated April 15, 2024, amounting to 

On May 6, 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock as compensation to RB Capital Partners LLC for the final conversion of a convertible note for an aggregate
price of 

On May 8, 2024, Alexander
Kolyakin converted shares of Preference B stock into shares of common stock. 

On May 15, 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock as compensation to RB Capital Partners LLC for the partial conversion of a convertible note for an
aggregate price of 

On May 21, 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock as commitment shares to TwnBrooks Inc, with a fair market value of per share for an aggregate
price of pursuant to the issuance of a convertible promissory note dated May 20, 2024, amounting to 

On 14 June 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock as compensation to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC for the conversion of a convertible note for an aggregate
price of 

On July 01, 2024, we issued shares of common stock as commitment
shares to TwnBrooks Inc. with a fair market value of per share for an aggregate price of pursuant to issuance of convertible
promissory note dated July 01, 2024, amounting to . 

On July 01, 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock as commitment shares to TwnBrooks Inc. with a fair market value of per share for an aggregate
price of pursuant to issuance of convertible promissory note dated July 01, 2024, amounting to . 

On July 8, 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock to Larson Elmore pursuant to Settlement Agreement 

On the 10th of July we issued
 Pref F shares as compensation to John-Paul Backwell 

On July 11, 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock as compensation to RB Capital Partners LLC for partial conversion of a convertible note for an aggregate
price of 

On July 31, 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock to TwnBrooks Inc. for conversion of a convertible note for an aggregate price of 

On August 5, 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock to TwnBrooks Inc. for conversion of a convertible note, for an aggregate price of 

On August 14, 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock as compensation to RB Capital Partners LLC for partial conversion of a convertible note for an aggregate
price of 

On August 29, 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock to TwnBrooks Inc for conversion of a convertible note for an aggregate price of 

On August 30, 2024, we issued
 shares of common stock as commitment shares to TwnBrooks Inc. with a fair market value of per share for an aggregate
price of pursuant to issuance of convertible promissory note dated August 30, 2024, amounting to 

On September 04, 2024, we
issued shares of common stock as commitment shares to TwnBrooks Inc. with a fair market value of per share for an aggregate
price of pursuant to issuance of convertible promissory note dated September 04, 2024, amounting to 

On September 04, 2024, we
issued shares of common stock to TwnBrooks Inc for conversion of a convertible note for an aggregate price of 

F- 20 

Professional fee 

Payroll Expense 

Stock Based Compensation 

Total 

General and administrative expenses include finance
administration and human resources, facility costs (including rent) and other general overhead costs to support the company s operations. 

Net Income attributable to common stockholders 

Denominator 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Number of shares used for basic EPS computation 

Basic EPS 

Diluted EPS 

Numerator 

Net income / (loss) 

Net Income attributable to common stockholders 

Denominator 

Number of shares used for basic EPS computation 

Conversion of Class A preferred stock to common stock 

Conversion of Class B preferred stock to common stock 

Conversion of Class C preferred stock to common stock 

Conversion of Class D preferred stock to common stock 

Conversion of Class E preferred stock to common stock 

Conversion of Class F preferred stock to common stock 

Number of shares used for diluted EPS computation 

Diluted EPS 

F- 21 

or
 percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any director, executive
officer, holder of or more of any class of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

On April 1, 2024, the Agreement with Quality
International was cancelled by the Board of Directors of Quality Industrial Corp. QIND restated its financial statements as of December
31, 2022, which were previously reported on the Original Filing and subsequent amendments. Quality International is no longer considered
a related party. The following items reflect the restatements: 

As of September 30, 2024, and December 31,
2023, the Company had amounts due to Quality Industrial Corp. QIND ), a subsidiary of the Company, of and ,
respectively. These figures are related to an intercompany loan agreement executed by and between the Company and QIND on June 15,
2022. The maximum principal amount to be borrowed by either party from each other under the agreement is . The purpose of the
agreement is to provide for working capital to either the Company or ILUS through cash advances on an unsecured basis requested by either
party at any time and from time to time in amounts of up to and the agreement shall automatically be renewed for successive
one-year terms thereafter unless terminated. The intercompany loan agreement has a term of one year from the date of execution and all
cash advances mature and become payable on the termination date. Any unpaid principal accrues simple interest from the date of each cash
advance until payment in full at a rate equal to per annum. 

On December 5, 2022, we issued preferred
Class F shares to Krishnan Krishnamoorthy as staff compensation for an aggregate price of . 

On December 5, 2022, we issued preferred
Class F shares to Carsten Kjems Falk as staff compensation for an aggregate price of . 

On December 5, 2022, we issued preferred
class F shares to Daniel Link as staff compensation for an aggregate price of . Daniel Link and Nicolas Link are siblings. Daniel
Link was employed in Firebug UK from 2014 until February 28, 2022, thereafter he was employed in Replay Solutions which was incorporated
by ILUS on March 1, 2022. 

On December 5, 2022, we issued shares
of preferred class F to Nicolas Link as staff compensation for an aggregate price of . 

On December 08, 2022, we cancelled 
shares of common stock held by Louise Bennett. 

On December 08, 2022, we cancelled 
shares of preferred class F held by Louise Bennett. 

On December 08, 2022, we cancelled shares
of preferred class F held by John-Paul Backwell. 

On April 12, 2023, Preferred F shares
were issued to John-Paul Backwell as staff compensation. with a fair market value of . 

On May 4, 2023, QIND issued to Nicolas Link
 shares of our common stock with a grant-date and fair market value of the award as of June 1, 2022, at pursuant
to his employee contract. 

On May 4, 2023, QIND issued to John-Paul
Backwell shares of our common stock with a grant-date and fair market value of the award as of June 1, 2022, at 
pursuant to his employee contract. 

On May 4, 2023, QIND issued to Carsten Kjems
Falk shares of our common stock with a grant date and fair market value of the award as of June 1, 2022, at pursuant
to his employee contract. 

On May 4, 2023, QIND issued to Krishnan
Krishnamoorthy shares of our common stock with a grant date and fair market value of the award as of June 1, 2022, at
 pursuant to his employee contract. 

F- 22 

shares of our common stock with a grant-date and fair market value of the award as of June 1, 2022, at pursuant
to her employee contract. 

On September 15, 2023, QIND issued to Nicolas
Link shares of our common stock pursuant to his employee contract with a grant-date and fair market value of . 

On September 15, 2023, QIND issued to John-Paul
Backwell shares of our common stock, pursuant to his employee contract, with a grant-date and fair market value of . 

On September 15, 2023, QIND issued to Carsten
Kjems Falk shares of our common stock, pursuant to his employee contract, with a grant-date and fair market value of . 

On September 15, 2023, QIND issued to Louise
Bennett shares of our common stock, pursuant to her employee contract, with a grant-date and fair market value of . 

On April 3, 2024, we issued shares of
Series B stock in our subsidiary Samsara Luggage Inc. to John-Paul Backwell pursuant to his employment agreement dated January 5, 2023,
with a fair market value of . 

On April 3, 2024, we issued shares of
Series B stock in our subsidiary Samsara Luggage Inc to Daniel Link pursuant to a consultancy agreement dated January 5, 2023, with a
fair market value of 

On April 3, 2024, we issued shares of
Series B stock in our subsidiary Samsara Luggage Inc to Carsten Falk pursuant to a consultancy agreement dated January 5, 2023, with
a fair market value of 

On May 14, 2024, QIND issued to John-Paul
Backwell shares of our common stock, pursuant to his employee contract, with a grant-date and fair market value of per
share and in total. 

On July 05, 2024, we issued shares of
Series B stock in our subsidiary Samsara Luggage Inc to Louise Bennett pursuant to a consultancy agreement dated January 5, 2023, with
a fair market value of 

On July 05, 2024, we issued shares of
Series B stock in our subsidiary Samsara Luggage Inc to Nicolas Link pursuant to a consultancy agreement dated January 5, 2023, with
a fair market value of 

On the 10th of July Ilus issued prefer
F stock shares as compensation to John-Paul Backwell 

On September 08, 2024, QIND issued to Sanjeeb
Safeer shares of our common stock, pursuant to his employee contract, with a grant-date and fair market value of per
share and in total. 

F- 23 

million shares of ILUS which will be issued to Elmore. These shares shall be subject to a leak out
based upon average daily volume; and 

2. Pay,
or cause to be paid, to Elmore the total of in 5 equal installments with the first installment on June 17, 2024, and the remaining
payments being paid monthly on the following dates: July 17, 2024; August 17, 2024; September 17, 2024; and October 17, 2024. As security
for these payments, ILUS will issue to Elmore million restricted shares of ILUS to be released pro rata as payments are made. If there
is a default in any portion of the payment of the the portion of the restricted shares which have not been released pro rata
may be piggy backed on any registration efforts made by ILUS. 

This has gone back to mediation as there is a
disagreement with regards to the 15m shares, and mediation date is to be confirmed. 

We were named as a defendant in an action commenced by Steve Nicol,
who claims that he loaned on or about May 23, 2017, to Cache Cabinetry, LLC a subsidiary of ILUS under a promissory note, but
that ILUS agreed to assume the note. He further claimed that he elected to convert the note and that ILUS failed to convert the note into
shares of ILUS common stock. He has alleged breach of contract, declaratory relief, and specific performance to require the company to
issue shares of common stock in ILUS. The case was filed in Superior Court of Arizona, Maricopa County, Case Number CV 2022-003928
on March 29, 2022. The company received final judgement on August 6, 2024, in favor of the plaintiff for the amount of plus 
Interest and in legal costs. 

We have been named as a defendant in an action commenced by Black Ice
Advisors LLC, regarding a historic note entered into by the previous CEO, Larson Elmore with a principal amount of . The company
disputes the legitimacy of the note. On June 5, 2023, we received a service of process by the Superior Court of California, County of
San Diego Case Number 37-2021-00037071-CU-BC-CTL, with a hearing rescheduled for March 8, 2024. On August 22, 2023, the company received
information that Black Ice Advisors withdrew their prior demand for shares with a new motion seeking a monetary judgment in Black Ice s
for million for the historic note with a principal amount of . At a hearing on November 3, 2023, the Court adopted its tentative
ruling as the final ruling and denied the motion for summary judgment from Black Ice Advisors LLC. The company is currently trying to
conclude a settlement agreement. Mr Nicolas Link provided deposition on 24 September 2024. The hearing date was extended until after the
deposition and is now planned for 13 December 2024, or to a date the court deems appropriate. 

We have been named as a defendant in an action commenced by George
Joe Chudina with regards to a share purchase agreement dated December 23, 2021. The case was filed in the Chancery Court for Sevier County,
Tennessee, Case Number 24-6-118. On September 12, 2024, we received a default final judgement whereby the plaintiff is awarded Damages
in the amount of and legal fees of . Ilustrato did not receive appropriate notice of the court date and will therefore
be appealing. 

We cannot predict whether any action is likely to result in any material
recovery or expense to our company. Where it is reasonably possible to do so, the Company accrues estimates of the probable costs for
the resolution of these matters. These estimates are based on an analysis of potential results and settlement strategies. It is possible,
however, that future operating results for any particular quarter or annual period could be affected by changes in assumption. 

F- 24 

shares
of common stock as compensation to RB Capital Partners LLC for partial conversion of a convertible note for an aggregate price of 

On October 11, 2024, the company entered into
a convertible note with RB Capital Partners Inc., for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock at the rate of
 and bears a interest per annum. The note matures on . 

On October 31, 2024, we issued shares
of common stock to TwnBrooks Inc. for conversion of a convertible note for an aggregate price of 

On November 05, 2024, the company entered into
a convertible note with TwnBrooks Inc., for the amount of . The note is convertible into common stock at the rate of below
the average past -day share price prior to conversion and bears a interest per annum. The note matures on . 

On November 05, 2024, we issued shares
of common stock as commitment shares to TwnBrooks Inc. with a fair market value of per share for an aggregate price of 
pursuant to issuance of a convertible promissory note dated November 05, 2024, amounting to 

The company may enter into a share purchase agreement
with a Nasdaq listed company whereby Ilustrato Pictures International Inc. will swap its shares in QIND for shares in the Nasdaq Entity
If this closes, it is anticipated to close during the month of November. 

F- 25 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements, other than purely historical
information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results,
and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believes, project, expects, 
 anticipates, estimates, intends, strategy, plan, may, 
 will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar
expressions. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe-harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are including this statement for purposes of complying with those safe-harbor
provisions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties
which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual
effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors that could have a material adverse effect on our operations and
future prospects on a consolidated basis include but are not limited to changes in economic conditions, incorporating acquisitions, changes
in the supply chain for raw materials, effects of Covid and wars, including the Ukraine war, legislative/regulatory changes, availability
of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered
in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. We undertake no obligation to update
or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Further information
concerning our business, including additional factors that could materially affect our financial results, is included herein and in our
other filings with the SEC. 

General 

The following is a discussion by management of
its view of the Company s business, financial condition, and corporate performance for the past year. The purpose of this information
is to give management s recap of the past year, and to give an understanding of management s current outlook for the near
future. This section is meant to be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Overview 

ILUS is a corporation based in Nevada with a
primary focus on serving the public safety, industrial, and renewable energy sectors. The company consists of two subsidiaries: Emergency
Response Technologies (ERT) and Quality Industrial Corp. (QIND). ERT s technology aims to protect communities, assets, and frontline
personnel by acquiring the latest technology and solutions for the emergency response industry, which includes emergency medical services,
fire and rescue services, law enforcement, and emergency management. QIND is an industrial company focused on the oil and gas as well
as the utilities sector. 

Factors Affecting Our Performance 

The primary factors affecting our results of
operations include: 

General Macro Economic Conditions 

Our business is impacted by the global economic
environment, employment levels, consumer confidence, government, and municipal spending. Global instability in securities markets and
the war in Ukraine are among other factors that can impact our financial performance. In particular, changes in the U.S. economic climate
can impact the demand for our product range. In addition, the impact of taxes and fees can have a dramatic effect on the availability,
lead times and costs associated with raw materials and parts for our product range. 

2 

Our purchases are discretionary by nature and
therefore sensitive to the availability of financing, consumer confidence, and unemployment levels among other factors, and are affected
by general U.S. and global economic conditions, which create risks that future economic downturns will further reduce consumer demand
and negatively impact our sales. 

While less economically sensitive than the Emergency
Response sector, the Industrial and Manufacturing sectors are also impacted by the overall economic environment. Tenders can be withdrawn
and lead times for the manufacturing can be affected, which can result in cancellation of orders if not delivered on time. 

Impact of Acquisitions 

Historically, a significant component of our
growth has been through the acquisition of businesses in our targeted sectors. We typically incur upfront costs as we incorporate and
integrate acquired businesses into our operating philosophy and operational excellence. This includes the consolidation of supplies and
raw materials, optimized logistics and production processes, and other restructuring and improvement initiatives. The benefits of these
integration efforts may not positively impact our financial results in the short term but have historically positively impacted medium
to long-term results. 

We recognize acquired assets and liabilities
at fair value. This includes the recognition of identified intangible assets and goodwill. In addition, assets acquired, and liabilities
assumed generally include tangible assets, as well as contingent assets and liabilities. 

Recent Developments 

On March 27, 2024, the company s subsidiary
QIND, entered into a definitive Stock Purchase Agreement with the shareholders of Al Shola Al Modea Gas Distribution LLC ASG 
or Al Shola Gas to acquire a 51 interest in ASG. The Closing of the transaction took place when both parties signed the
definitive Share Purchase Agreement. Al Shola Gas is an Engineering and Distribution Company in the LPG Industry in the United Arab Emirates
and was established in 1980. The company is one of the region s leading suppliers and contractors of LPG centralized pipeline systems
and is approved by The General Directorate of Civil Defense, Government of Dubai, as a Central Gas Contractor and LPG Supplier. Al Shola
Gas has been consolidated into the financials for the quarter ended March 31, 2024. 

On April 1, 2024, after several failed effort
negotiations to restructure the deal and obtain information from the selling shareholders of Quality International, the Purchase Agreement
with Quality International was terminated by Quality International and subsequently, the Board of Directors of QIND and ILUS approved
the cancellation of the agreement with Quality International Co Ltd FZC signed on January 18, 2023, and amended on July 27, 2023. The
company is in the process of unwinding the transaction, with management aiming to recover the investment or parts of it. However, if
recovery proves unattainable, the investment may need to be written off in the future. 

Planned Developments 

ILUS continues to streamline its operations and
align its core competencies with the evolving market demands. The Company is taking strategic steps to expand its portfolio of operating
companies and therefore plans to acquire additional Emergency Response and Industrial companies. To support its expansion, the company
plans to hire additional personnel in finance and legal. Our top priorities include supporting the expansion of our Emergency Response
and Industrial subsidiaries. We intend to complete the Reverse Mergers of SAML and QIND (our two subsidiaries) with National Exchange-listed
companies in the second half of 2024. Furthermore, we intend to issue an equity dividend in the form of SAML shares to ILUS shareholders
following our sale of Emergency Response Technologies assets to SAML. 

3 

Results of Operation for the Three and Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2024, and 2023 

Revenues 

We earned 8,672,940 in revenue for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, compared with a revenue of 5,586,439 in revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

We earned 3,327,681 in revenue for the three
months ended September 30, 2024, compared with a revenue of 1,990,558 in revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our
increase in revenue were mainly as a result of acquiring Al Shola Gas in our industrial and manufacturing division. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses decreased from 9,676,392
for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 7,612,493 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the three months ended
September 30, 2023, we had operating expenses of 3,973,907 and for the same period in 2024 are 2,960,766. Our decrease in operating
expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were mainly as a result of revenue drop in Al Shola Gas, and administrative
and operating costs associated with the business activities of our subsidiaries QIND and SAML. 

We anticipate that our operating expenses will
increase as QIND and SAML undertake their expansion plans associated with all operating businesses. 

Non-Operating Expenses 

We had other non-operating expenses of 244,501for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 0 in other expenses for the same period ended 2023. We had other non-operating
expenses of (194,193) for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 0 in other expenses for the same period ended
2023. The decrease in non-operating expenses was mainly the result of an exchange note with RB Capital which decreased the Interest on
Convertible notes. 

Non-Operating Income 

We had other non-operating income of 549,546
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared 5,231 for the same period ended 2023. We had other non-operating income
of 42,942 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared 526 for the same period ended 2023, Our other income YTD 2024
was a result of the reversal of interest payments on the loan agreements with Mahavir and Artelliq which have been unwound with the cancellation
of the agreement with Quality International. 

Net Income/Net Loss 

We incurred a Net loss of 4,167,668 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 7,972,443 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. We incurred
a Net loss of 1,461,377 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 3,317,229 for the three months ended
September 30, 2023. The decrease in Net loss YTD ended September 30, 2024, is a result of Al Shola Gas reported profit for the
quarter and a reduction in operating expenses along with other income. 

Divisional Income Statement 

The Company is organized into two divisions based
on the similarity of products, customers served, common use of facilities, and economic characteristics. The Company s segments
are as follows: 

1. Emergency
Response 

2. Industrial
 Manufacturing 

4 

Intersegment transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation. 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Emergency Response Division 

Revenue 
 2,693,684 
 5,586,439 
 
 Cost Of Goods Sold 
 1,803,179 
 3,887,721 
 
 Gross Profit 
 890,505 
 1,698,718 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 3,156,647 
 3,156,647 
 
 Operating Loss 
 (2,266,142 
 (7,077,347 
 
 Net Loss 
 (2,152,674 
 (6,305,686 

Our revenue decreased to 2,693,684 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, from 5,586,439 in 2023. Gross profit percentage increased to 33 for the nine months ended September
30, 2024, from 30 in 2023. The focus for the quarter has been to drive higher margin orders and hereby increase our Gross Profit. 

Operating expenses decreased to 3,156,647 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 3,156,647 in 2023, primarily due to elimination of initial legal and other cost. 

For the coming period 2024, the Company will
continue to allocate financial, technical and sales resources for recently acquired subsidiaries to positively impact their financial
results through increased sales orders and efficiency. Allocated personnel will primarily focus on accelerating sales and marketing efforts,
product development, international market expansion, optimizing of supply chain and production processes, overall increased profitability
while continuing with the integration and optimization of current operating companies. With the group expansion and growth, we also intend
to hire executives and personnel with specific industry experience and fields of expertise to streamline financial reporting, compliance,
and Investor Relations and to improve our corporate governance. 

For the Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 
2024 
 September 30, 
2023 
 
 Industrial Manufacturing Division 

Revenue 
 5,979,256 

Cost of revenues 
 3,649,996 

Gross profit 
 2,329,260 

Total Operating Expenses 
 2,098,762 
 900,027 
 
 Profit/ loss from Operations 
 230,498 
 (900,027 
 
 Non-Operating expenses 
 306,684 
 766,430 
 
 Non-Operating Income 
 427,554 

Net loss/ profit 
 351,368 
 (1,666,757 

5 

For our Industrial and Manufacturing Division,
the Operating Revenue increased to 5,979,256 for the period ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0 for the period ended September
30, 2023. The increase in revenue, was the result of the consolidation of Al Shola Gas For our Industrial and Manufacturing Division.
The Operating expenses increased to 2,098,762 for the period ended September 30, 2024, compared to 900,027 for the period ended September
30, 2023. Our increase in operating expenses in 2024 was mainly the result of consolidation of Al Shola Gas in our subsidiary QIND. Our
Subsidiary QIND acquired a 51 interest in Al Shola Gas on March 23, 2024, and will be consolidating the profitable operating company
into the financials from Q2 2024 along reduction of some expenses. 

We earned Net Income of 351,368 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 1,666,757 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Net
Profit for the quarter that ended September 30, 2024, is a result of Net Income from our acquisition of Al Shola Gas and the reversal
of interest payments on the loan agreements with Mahavir and Artelliq. 

Liquidity
 a nd Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024, we had total current
assets of 17,706,005 and total current liabilities of 14,187,480. We had a positive working capital of 3,518,525 as of September 30,
2024. This compares with a working capital of 11,384,674 as of December 31, 2023. 

Operating activities generated 4,744,254 in cash
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with (434,727) provided in cash for the nine months ended September 30, 2023.
Our positive operating cash flow YTD 2024 was mainly the result of nine months of core business activities being higher and the merger
of ASG operating expenses. 

Investing activities used (8,983,206) in cash
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 10,623,566 provided in cash for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Financing activities provided 4,364,785 in cash
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with (10,490,637) for the same period ended 2023. Our financing cash flow
YTD 2024 was mainly the result of Finance costs, proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes and changes in retained earnings. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America on a going
concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course
of business. 

Management evaluated all relevant conditions
and events that are reasonably known or reasonably knowable, in the aggregate, as of the date the consolidated financial statements are
issued and determined. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company s ability to continue
to generate sufficient revenues and raise capital within one year from the date of filing. 

Over the next twelve months, management plans
to use borrowings and security sales to mitigate the effects of cash flow deficits; however, no assurance can be given that debt or equity
financing, if and when required, will be available. 

Impact of Acquisitions 

Historically a significant component of our growth
has been through the acquisition of businesses in our targeted sectors. We typically incur upfront costs as we incorporate and integrate
acquired businesses into our operating philosophy and operational excellence. This includes consolidation of supplies and raw materials,
optimized logistics and production processes, and other restructuring and improvements initiatives. The benefits of these integration
efforts and upcoming planned acquisitions may not positively impact our financial results in the short term but this has historically
been the case in the medium to long term. 

6 

Critical Accounting Policies 

In December 2001, the SEC requested that all
registrants list their most critical accounting policies in the Management Discussion and Analysis. The SEC indicated that
a critical accounting policy is important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results, and requires
management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect
of inherently uncertain matters. Our critical accounting policies are disclosed in the Notes of our unaudited financial statements included
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Goodwill 

The Company continues to review its goodwill
for possible impairment or loss of value at least annually or more frequently upon the occurrence of an event or when circumstances indicate
that a reporting unit s carrying amount is greater than its fair value. On September 30, 2024, we performed a goodwill impairment
evaluation. We performed a qualitative assessment of factors to determine whether it was necessary to perform the goodwill impairment
test. Based on the results of the work performed, the Company has concluded that no impairment loss was warranted on September 30, 2024.
Factors including non-renewal of a major contract or other substantial changes in business conditions could have a material adverse effect
on the valuation of goodwill in future periods and the resulting charge could be material to the future periods results of operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that are material to stockholders. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04,
Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairments by eliminating step two from the
goodwill impairment test. Instead, if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss shall be recognized
in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU 2017-04 also clarifies
that an entity should consider income tax effects from any tax-deductible goodwill on the carrying amount of the reporting unit when
measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019,
for both interim and annual reporting periods. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of the adoption of ASU 2017-04
on its consolidated financial statements. 

The Company has implemented all new accounting
pronouncements that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise
disclosed, and the Company does not believe that any other new accounting pronouncements have been issued that might have a material
impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

7 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

A smaller reporting company is not required to
provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 

As required by SEC Rule 15d-15, our management
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q. 

Based on that evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance
level as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during
the period ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

8 

Part II: Other Information 

Item 1 - Legal Proceedings 

We know of no material, existing or pending legal
proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation other than those
mentioned in Note 12. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers, or any affiliates, or any registered or beneficial
shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interests. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

There have been no material changes to the risk
factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales
of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None 

Item 5. Other Information 

9 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

2.1 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated January 18, 2023 
 
 2.2 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated January 27, 2023 
 
 2.3 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement Al Shola Gas LLC., dated March 27, 2024 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, dated April 11, 2024 
 
 4.1 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated January 26, 2023, with Jefferson Street Capital LLC 
 
 4.2 
 
 Convertible Stock Purchase Warrant, dated January 26, 2023, with Jefferson Street Capital LLC 
 
 4.3 
 
 Amended Convertible Stock Purchase Warrant, dated March 8, 2023, with AJB Capital Investments, LLC 
 
 4.4 
 
 Amended Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 8, 2023, with AJB Capital Investments, LLC 
 
 4.5 
 
 Assignment Agreement, dated January 3, 2024, by and among YAII, Ltd and ILUS 
 
 4.6 
 
 Convertible Debenture, reissued January 5, 2024, in Samsara Luggage Inc. 
 
 4.7 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 12, 2024, with Kyle Edward Comerford 
 
 4.8 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated January 17, 2024, with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 
 
 4.9 
 
 Convertible Note, dated January 15, 2024, Twn Brooks Inc. 
 
 4.10 
 
 Convertible Note, dated January 23, 2024, Twn Brooks Inc. 
 
 4.11 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated January 31, 2024, with RB Capital Partners Inc. 
 
 4.12 
 
 Assignment Agreement Twn Brooks Inc., dated March 11, 2024, with Twn Brooks Inc. 
 
 4.13 
 
 Assignment Agreement Twn Brooks Inc., dated March 11, 2024, with Twn Brooks Inc. 
 
 4.14 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 18, 2024, with Kevin Van Hoesen 
 
 4.15 
 
 Consolidated Convertible Promissory Note, dated April 1, 2024, with RB Capital Partners Inc. 
 
 4.16 
 
 Convertible Note, dated April 15, 2024, Twn Brooks Inc. 
 
 4.17 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated May 6, 2024, with RB Capital Partners Inc. 
 
 4.18 
 
 Cancellation of debt, dated May 6, 2024, with RB Capital Partners Inc. 
 
 4.19 
 
 Amendment Convertible Promissory Note, dated May 7, 2024, with RB Capital Partners Inc. 
 
 4.20 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated January 17, 2024, with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 
 
 4.21 
 
 Convertible Note, dated May 20, 2024, Twn Brooks Inc. 
 
 4.22 
 
 Convertible Note, dated May 16, 2024, with RB Capital Partners Inc. 
 
 4.23 
 
 Convertible Note, dated June 12, 2024, with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 
 
 4.24 
 
 Convertible Note, dated June 20, 2024, with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 
 
 4.25 
 
 Convertible Note, dated July 1, 2024, with TwnBrooks Inc. 
 
 4.26 
 
 Convertible Note, dated July 1, 2024, with TwnBrooks Inc. 
 
 4.27 
 
 Convertible Note, dated July 2, 2024, with RB Capital Partners Inc. 

4.28 
 
 Convertible Note, dated August 13, 2024, with RB Capital Partners Inc. 
 
 4.29 
 
 Convertible Note, dated August 30. 2024 with TwnBrooks Inc. 
 
 4.30 
 
 Convertible Note, dated September 04, 2024, with TwnBrooks Inc. 
 
 4.31 
 
 Convertible Note, dated October 11, 2024, with RB Capital Partners Inc. 
 
 4.32 
 
 Convertible Note, dated November 05, 2024, with TwnBrooks Inc. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

Provided
Previously 

Provided
herewith 

10 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Ilustrato Pictures International Inc. 

Date: 
 November 19, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Nicolas
 Link 

Nicolas Link 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive) 

Ilustrato Pictures International Inc. 

Date: 
 November 19, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Krishnan
 Krishnamoorthy 

Krishnan Krishnamoorthy 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal accounting and financial officer) 

11 

<EX-4.29>
 2
 ea022168801ex4-29_ilustrato.htm
 CONVERTIBLE NOTE, DATED AUGUST 30. 2024 WITH TWNBROOKS INC

Exhibit 4.29 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY
THIS INSTRUMENT HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO
SUCH SALE OR DISPOSITION MAY BE AFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY
ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. 

ILUSTRATO PICTURES INTERNATIONAL
INC. 

 CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: 55,000.00 USD 
 August 30, 2024 

Purchase Price: 50,000.00 USD 

WHEREAS on August 30, 2024, Twn Brooks Inc. (the
 Holder loaned funds totaling, 55,000.00 to Ilustrato Pictures International Inc., a Nevada corporation (the
 Company ). Payment for the loan is to be made directly to the company in the form of a Wire Transfer. 

WHEREAS the Company and Holder further
agreed that such loaned funds provided by the Holder to the Company would be evidenced in a convertible note, which convertible note would
be convertible into shares of common stock of the Company in accordance with Section 3 below; 

NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSES
that for and in consideration of the mutual premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties covenant and
agree each with the other as follows: 

1.
 Principal and Interest . 

1.1 The
Company, for value received, hereby promises to pay to the order of the Holder the sum of Fifty Five Thousand Dollars 55,000), which
amount represents the amount owed to Holder as of August 30, 2024. 

1.2 This
Convertible Promissory Note (the Note shall bear nine percent (9 interest per annum. The Note is for a period of 6 months
and cannot be converted until (3) months from the date first written above has passed. 

1.3 This
note carries an original issue discount of 5,000.00 (the OID which is included in the principal balance of this note.
Thus, the purchase price of this note shall be 

 50,000 computed as follows: the Principal
amount minus the OID. 

1.4 Upon
payment in full of the principal, this Note shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation. 

1.5 The principal under this Note shall be
payable at the principal office of the Company and shall be forwarded to the address of the Holder hereof as such Holder shall from time
to time designate. 

2. Attorney s
Fees . If the indebtedness represented by this Note or any part thereof is collected in bankruptcy, receivership or other judicial
proceedings or if this Note is placed in the hands of attorneys for collection after default, the Company agrees to pay, in addition to
the principal payable hereunder, reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by the Holder. 

3.
 Conversion . 

3.1 Voluntary
Conversion . The Holder shall have the right, exercisable in whole or in part, to convert the outstanding principal into a number of
fully paid and non-assessable whole shares of the Company s 0.001 Par Value common stock Common Stock determined in accordance
with Section 3.2 below. 

3.2 Conversion Price. The
conversion price (the Conversion Price shall equal the Variable Conversion Price (as defined herein) (subject to
equitable adjustments by the Borrower relating to the Borrower s securities, combinations, recapitalization,
reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). The Variable Conversion Price shall mean 50 
multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of 50 ). Market Price means the
lowest Trading Price (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete
Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Trading Price means, for any security as of any date, the closing bid price
on the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Sheets electronic quotation system or applicable trading market (the OTC as reported by a
reliable reporting service Reporting Service designated by the Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTC is not the
principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading
market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security is available in any of the foregoing
manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed in the pink
sheets . If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Trading
Price shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of the Notes
being converted for which the calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes.
 Trading Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTC, or on the principal
securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded. 

3.3 Notice
and Conversion Procedures . After receipt of demand for repayment, the Company agrees to give the Holder notice at least five (5) business
days prior to the time that the Company repays this Note. If the Holder elects to convert this Note, the Holder shall provide the Company
with a written notice of conversion setting forth the amount to be converted. The notice must be delivered to the Company together with
this Note. Within ten (10) business days of receipt of such notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder certificate(s) or evidence
of electronic book recording for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion and, if the entire principal amount was not so converted,
a new note representing such balance. 

2 

3.4
 Other Conversion Provisions . 

(a) Adjustment
of Note Conversion Price . If the Company at any time subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise)
its outstanding shares into a greater number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately
reduced, and if the Company at any time combines (by reverse stock split, recapitalization or otherwise) its outstanding shares into a
smaller number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased. 

 (b) Common
Stock Defined . Whenever reference is made in this Note to the shares of Common Stock, the term Common Stock shall mean
the Common Stock of the Company authorized as of the date hereof, and any other class of stock ranking on a parity with such Common Stock.
Shares issuable upon conversion hereof shall include only shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

3.5 No
Fractional Shares . No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon conversion of this Note. In lieu of the Company issuing
any fractional shares to the Holder upon the conversion of this Note, the Company shall pay to the Holder the amount of outstanding principal
hereunder that is not so converted. 

3.6 Prepayment. 
At any time prior to the date that an Event of Defaults occurs under this note, the Company shall have the right, exercisable on four
(4) Trading days prior written notice to the Holder of the note, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due under
this note in accordance with this section 3.6. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment Notice shall
be delivered to the holder of the Note at its registered addresses or by email and shall state: (1) that the Company is exercising its
right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be four (4) Trading days from the date of the Optional Prepayment
Notice (the Optional Prepayment Date ). Within two (2) Trading Day after the Holder s receipt of the Optional Prepayment
Notice, Holder shall specify in writing payment instructions to the Company. On the Optional Prepayment Date, the Company shall make payment
of the amounts designated below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Company. If the Company
exercises its right to prepay the Note in accordance with this section, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash
equal to the sum of : (w) 110 multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal
Amount to the Optional Prepayment date. 

4. Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Company . The Company represents, warrants and covenants with the Holder as follows: 

(a) Authorization;
Enforceability . All corporate action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders necessary for the authorization,
execution and delivery of this Note and the performance of all obligations of the Company hereunder has been taken, and this Note constitutes
a valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and
(ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies. 

3 

(b) Governmental
Consents . No consent, approval, qualification, order or authorization of, or filing with, any local, state or federal governmental
authority is required on the part of the Company in connection with the Company s valid execution, delivery or performance of this Note
except any notices required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the 1933 Act ), or such filings as may be required under applicable state securities laws, which, if applicable,
will be timely filed within the applicable periods therefor. 

(c) No
Violation . The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Note and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby will not result in a violation of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, in any material respect of any provision of any mortgage,
agreement, instrument or contract to which it is a party or by which it is bound or, to the best of its knowledge, of any federal or state
judgment, order, writ, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or be in material conflict with or constitute, with
or without the passage of time or giving of notice, either a material default under any such provision or an event that results in the
creation of any material lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company or the suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture
or nonrenewal of any material permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to the Company, its business or operations, or any
of its assets or properties. 

5. Representations
and Covenants of the Holder . The Company has entered into this Note in reliance upon the following representations and covenants of
the Holder: 

(a) Investment
Purpose . This Note and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note are acquired for investment and not with a view to the
sale or distribution of any part thereof, and the Holder has no present intention of selling or engaging in any public distribution of
the same except pursuant to a registration or exemption. 

(b) Private
Issue . The Holder understands (i) that this Note and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note are not registered under
the 1933 Act or qualified under applicable state securities laws, and (ii) that the Company is relying on an exemption from registration
predicated on the representations set forth in this Section 8. 

(c) Financial
Risk . The Holder has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and
risks of its investment and has the ability to bear the economic risks of its investment. 

6. Assignment .
Subject to the restrictions on transfer described in Section 8 below, the rights and obligations of the Company and the Holder shall be
binding upon and benefit the successors, assigns, heirs, administrators and transferees of the parties. 

7. Waiver
and Amendment . Any provision of this Note may be amended, waived or modified upon the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

4 

8. Transfer of This
Note or Securities Issuable on Conversion Hereof . With respect to any offer, sale or other disposition of this Note or
securities into which this Note may be converted, the Holder will give written notice to the Company prior thereto, describing
briefly the manner thereof. Unless the Company reasonably determines that such transfer would violate applicable securities laws, or
that such transfer would adversely affect the Company s ability to account for future transactions to which it is a party as a
pooling of interests and notifies the Holder thereof within five (5) business days after receiving notice of the transfer, the
Holder may effect such transfer. The Note thus transferred and each certificate representing the securities thus transferred shall
bear a legend as to the applicable restrictions on transferability in order to ensure compliance with the 1933 Act, unless in the
opinion of counsel for the Company such legend is not required in order to ensure compliance with the 1933 Act. The Company may
issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent in connection with such restrictions. 

9. Notices .
Any notice, other communication or payment required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given
upon delivery if personally delivered or fourteen (14) business days after deposit if deposited in the United States mail for mailing
by certified mail, postage prepaid. Each of the above addressees may change its address for purposes of this Section by giving to the
other addressee notice of such new address in conformance with this Section. Notices are also accepted by email and considered notified
within 24 hours of read receipt. 

10. Governing
Law . This Note is being delivered in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to
the conflicts of law provisions thereof. 

11. Heading;
References . All headings used herein are used for convenience only and shall not be used to construe or interpret this Note. Except
as otherwise indicated, all references herein to Sections refer to Sections hereof. 

12. Waiver
by the Company . The Company hereby waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and notice of dishonor. 

13. Delays .
No delay by the Holder in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any power or right. 

14. Severability .
If one or more provisions of this Note are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded from this Note
and the balance of the Note shall be interpreted as if such provision was so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance with its
terms. 

15. No
Impairment . The Company will not, by any voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms
to be observed or performed hereunder by the Company, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions
of this Note and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the Holder of this
Note against impairment. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Ilustrato Pictures
International Inc. has caused this Note to be executed in its corporate name and this Note to be dated, issued and delivered, all on the
date first above written. 

ILUSTRATO PICTURES INTERNATIONAL INC. 

Date: August 30, 2024 
 
 /s/ Nicolas Link 

By: 
 Nicolas Link 

Its: 
 CEO 

Twn Brooks Inc. 

Date: August 30, 2024 
 By: 

6 

</EX-4.29>

<EX-4.30>
 3
 ea022168801ex4-30_ilustrato.htm
 CONVERTIBLE NOTE, DATED SEPTEMBER 04, 2024, WITH TWNBROOKS INC

Exhibit 4.30 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY
THIS INSTRUMENT HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO
SUCH SALE OR DISPOSITION MAY BE AFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY
ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. 

ILUSTRATO PICTURES INTERNATIONAL
INC. 
CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: 27,500.00 USD 
 September 04, 2024 

Purchase Price: 25,000.00 USD 

WHEREAS on September 04, 2024, Twn Brooks Inc. (the
 Holder loaned funds totaling, 27,500.00 to Ilustrato Pictures International Inc., a Nevada corporation (the
 Company ). Payment for the loan is to be made directly to the company in the form of a Wire Transfer. 

WHEREAS the Company and Holder further agreed that such
loaned funds provided by the Holder to the Company would be evidenced in a convertible note, which convertible note would be convertible
into shares of common stock of the Company in accordance with Section 3 below; 

NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSES
that for and in consideration of the mutual premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties covenant and
agree each with the other as follows: 

1. Principal and Interest . 

1.1 The
Company, for value received, hereby promises to pay to the order of the Holder the sum of Twenty Seven Thousand Five Hundred Dollars 27,500),
which amount represents the amount owed to Holder as of August 30, 2024. 

1.2 This
Convertible Promissory Note (the Note shall bear nine percent (9 interest per annum. The Note is for a period of 6 months
and cannot be converted until (3) months from the date first written above has passed. 

1.3 This
note carries an original issue discount of 2,500.00 (the OID which is included in the principal balance of this note.
Thus, the purchase price of this note shall be 

 25,000 computed as follows: the Principal
amount minus the OID. 

1.4 Upon
payment in full of the principal, this Note shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation. 

1.5 The principal under this
Note shall be payable at the principal office of the Company and shall be forwarded to the address of the Holder hereof as such Holder
shall from time to time designate. 

2. Attorney s
Fees . If the indebtedness represented by this Note or any part thereof is collected in bankruptcy, receivership or other judicial
proceedings or if this Note is placed in the hands of attorneys for collection after default, the Company agrees to pay, in addition to
the principal payable hereunder, reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by the Holder. 

3. Conversion . 

3.1 Voluntary
Conversion . The Holder shall have the right, exercisable in whole or in part, to convert the outstanding principal into a number of
fully paid and non-assessable whole shares of the Company s 0.001 Par Value common stock Common Stock determined in accordance
with Section 3.2 below. 

3.2 Conversion Price. 
The conversion price (the Conversion Price shall equal the Variable Conversion Price (as defined herein) (subject to
equitable adjustments by the Borrower relating to the Borrower s securities, combinations, recapitalization,
reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). The Variable Conversion Price shall mean 50 
multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of 50 ). Market Price means the
lowest Trading Price (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete
Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Trading Price means, for any security as of any date, the closing bid price
on the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Sheets electronic quotation system or applicable trading market (the OTC as reported by a
reliable reporting service Reporting Service designated by the Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTC is not the
principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading
market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security is available in any of the foregoing
manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed in the pink
sheets . If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Trading
Price shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of the Notes
being converted for which the calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes.
 Trading Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTC, or on the principal
securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded. 

3.3 Notice
and Conversion Procedures . After receipt of demand for repayment, the Company agrees to give the Holder notice at least five (5) business
days prior to the time that the Company repays this Note. If the Holder elects to convert this Note, the Holder shall provide the Company
with a written notice of conversion setting forth the amount to be converted. The notice must be delivered to the Company together with
this Note. Within ten (10) business days of receipt of such notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder certificate(s) or evidence
of electronic book recording for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion and, if the entire principal amount was not so converted,
a new note representing such balance. 

2 

3.4 Other Conversion Provisions . 

(a) Adjustment
of Note Conversion Price . If the Company at any time subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise)
its outstanding shares into a greater number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately
reduced, and if the Company at any time combines (by reverse stock split, recapitalization or otherwise) its outstanding shares into a
smaller number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased. 

(b) Common
Stock Defined . Whenever reference is made in this Note to the shares of Common Stock, the term Common Stock shall mean
the Common Stock of the Company authorized as of the date hereof, and any other class of stock ranking on a parity with such Common Stock.
Shares issuable upon conversion hereof shall include only shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

3.5 No
Fractional Shares . No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon conversion of this Note. In lieu of the Company issuing
any fractional shares to the Holder upon the conversion of this Note, the Company shall pay to the Holder the amount of outstanding principal
hereunder that is not so converted. 

3.6 Prepayment. 
At any time prior to the date that an Event of Defaults occurs under this note, the Company shall have the right, exercisable on four
(4) Trading days prior written notice to the Holder of the note, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due under
this note in accordance with this section 3.6. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment Notice shall
be delivered to the holder of the Note at its registered addresses or by email and shall state: (1) that the Company is exercising its
right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be four (4) Trading days from the date of the Optional Prepayment
Notice (the Optional Prepayment Date ). Within two (2) Trading Day after the Holder s receipt of the Optional Prepayment
Notice, Holder shall specify in writing payment instructions to the Company. On the Optional Prepayment Date, the Company shall make payment
of the amounts designated below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Company. If the Company
exercises its right to prepay the Note in accordance with this section, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash
equal to the sum of : (w) 110 multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal
Amount to the Optional Prepayment date. 

4. Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Company . The Company represents, warrants and covenants with the Holder as follows: 

(a) Authorization; Enforceability .
All corporate action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders necessary for the authorization, execution
and delivery of this Note and the performance of all obligations of the Company hereunder has been taken, and this Note constitutes a
valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and
(ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies. 

3 

(b) Governmental
Consents . No consent, approval, qualification, order or authorization of, or filing with, any local, state or federal governmental
authority is required on the part of the Company in connection with the Company s valid execution, delivery or performance of this Note
except any notices required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the 1933 Act ), or such filings as may be required under applicable state securities laws, which, if applicable,
will be timely filed within the applicable periods therefor. 

(c) No
Violation . The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Note and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby will not result in a violation of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, in any material respect of any provision of any mortgage,
agreement, instrument or contract to which it is a party or by which it is bound or, to the best of its knowledge, of any federal or state
judgment, order, writ, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or be in material conflict with or constitute, with
or without the passage of time or giving of notice, either a material default under any such provision or an event that results in the
creation of any material lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company or the suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture
or nonrenewal of any material permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to the Company, its business or operations, or any
of its assets or properties. 

5. Representations
and Covenants of the Holder . The Company has entered into this Note in reliance upon the following representations and covenants of
the Holder: 

(a) Investment
Purpose . This Note and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note are acquired for investment and not with a view to the
sale or distribution of any part thereof, and the Holder has no present intention of selling or engaging in any public distribution of
the same except pursuant to a registration or exemption. 

(b) Private
Issue . The Holder understands (i) that this Note and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note are not registered under
the 1933 Act or qualified under applicable state securities laws, and (ii) that the Company is relying on an exemption from registration
predicated on the representations set forth in this Section 8. 

(c) Financial
Risk . The Holder has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and
risks of its investment and has the ability to bear the economic risks of its investment. 

6. Assignment .
Subject to the restrictions on transfer described in Section 8 below, the rights and obligations of the Company and the Holder shall be
binding upon and benefit the successors, assigns, heirs, administrators and transferees of the parties. 

7. Waiver
and Amendment . Any provision of this Note may be amended, waived or modified upon the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

4 

8. Transfer
of This Note or Securities Issuable on Conversion Hereof . With respect to any offer, sale or other disposition of this Note or securities
into which this Note may be converted, the Holder will give written notice to the Company prior thereto, describing briefly the manner 

 thereof. Unless the Company reasonably
determines that such transfer would violate applicable securities laws, or that such transfer would adversely affect the Company s ability
to account for future transactions to which it is a party as a pooling of interests and notifies the Holder thereof within five (5) business
days after receiving notice of the transfer, the Holder may effect such transfer. The Note thus transferred and each certificate representing
the securities thus transferred shall bear a legend as to the applicable restrictions on transferability in order to ensure compliance
with the 1933 Act, unless in the opinion of counsel for the Company such legend is not required in order to ensure compliance with the
1933 Act. The Company may issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent in connection with such restrictions. 

9. Notices .
Any notice, other communication or payment required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given
upon delivery if personally delivered or fourteen (14) business days after deposit if deposited in the United States mail for mailing
by certified mail, postage prepaid. Each of the above addressees may change its address for purposes of this Section by giving to the
other addressee notice of such new address in conformance with this Section. Notices are also accepted by email and considered notified
within 24 hours of read receipt. 

10. Governing
Law . This Note is being delivered in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to
the conflicts of law provisions thereof. 

11. Heading;
References . All headings used herein are used for convenience only and shall not be used to construe or interpret this Note. Except
as otherwise indicated, all references herein to Sections refer to Sections hereof. 

12. Waiver
by the Company . The Company hereby waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and notice of dishonor. 

13. Delays .
No delay by the Holder in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any power or right. 

14. Severability .
If one or more provisions of this Note are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded from this Note
and the balance of the Note shall be interpreted as if such provision was so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance with its
terms. 

15. No
Impairment . The Company will not, by any voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms
to be observed or performed hereunder by the Company, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions
of this Note and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the Holder of this
Note against impairment. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Ilustrato Pictures
International Inc. has caused this Note to be executed in its corporate name and this Note to be dated, issued and delivered, all on the
date first above written. 

ILUSTRATO PICTURES INTERNATIONAL INC. 

/s/
 Nicolas Link 
 
 Date: September 04, 2024 
 By: 
 Nicolas Link 

Its: 
 CEO 

Twn Brooks Inc. 

Date: September 04, 2024 

By: 

6 

</EX-4.30>

<EX-4.31>
 4
 ea022168801ex4-31_ilustrato.htm
 CONVERTIBLE NOTE, DATED OCTOBER 11, 2024, WITH RB CAPITAL PARTNERS INC

Exhibit 4.31 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
INSTRUMENT HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO SUCH
SALE OR DISPOSITION MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE
TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. 

ILUSTRATO PICTURES INTERNATIONAL,
INC. 

 CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: 75,000.00 USD 
 October 11, 2024 

WHEREAS on October 11, 2024, RB Capital Partners, Inc., with
its offices at 2856 Torrey Pines Road, La Jolla, California 92037 (the Holder loaned funds totaling, 75,000.00 to Ilustrato
Pictures International, Inc., a Nevada corporation with its office at 26 Broadway; Suite 934; New York, NY 10004 (the Company ).
Payment for the loan was made directly to the Company in the form of a Wire Transfer. 

WHEREAS the Company and Holder further
agreed that such services provided by the Holder to the Company would be evidenced in a convertible note, which convertible note would
be convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at the rate of 0.10 in accordance with Section 3 below; 

NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSES
that for and in consideration of the mutual premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties covenant and
agree each with the other as follows: 

1.
 Principal and Interest . 

1.1 The
Company, for value received, hereby promises to pay to the order of the Holder the sum of Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars 75,000.00),
which amount represents the amount owed to Holder as of October 11, 2024. 

1.2 This
Convertible Promissory Note (the Note shall bear seven percent (7 interest per annum. The Note is for a period of (24)
months and cannot be converted until (6) months from the date first written above has passed. 

1.3 Upon
payment in full of the principal, this Note shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation. 

1.4 The
principal under this Note shall be payable at the principal office of the Company and shall be forwarded to the address of the Holder
hereof as such Holder shall from time to time designate. 

2. Attorney s
Fees . If the indebtedness represented by this Note or any part thereof is collected in bankruptcy, receivership or other judicial
proceedings or if this Note is placed in the hands of attorneys for collection after default, the Company agrees to pay, in addition to
the principal payable hereunder, reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by the Holder. 

3.
 Conversion . 

3.1 Voluntary
Conversion . The Holder shall have the right, exercisable in whole or in part, to convert the outstanding principal into a number of
fully paid and non-assessable whole shares of the Company s 0.001 Par Value common stock Common Stock determined in accordance
with Section 3.2 below. 

3.2 Shares
Issuable . The number of whole shares of Common Stock into which this Note may be voluntarily converted (the Conversion
Shares shall be determined by dividing the aggregate principal amount borrowed hereunder by 0.10 (the Note
Conversion Price ); provided, however, that, in no event, shall Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in
excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common stock beneficially owned
by Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the
unconverted portion of this Note or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of Maker subject to a limitation on
conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of common stock issuable upon the
conversion of the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in the
beneficial ownership by Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. For
purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Regulation 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such
proviso. The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the
Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the Note Conversion Price. The Term Conversion Amount means, with respect to
any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus, (2) at the
Company s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rate provided in this Note to
the conversion date, provided; however, that the Company shall have the right to pay any or all interest in cash. 

3.3 Notice and
Conversion Procedures . After receipt of demand for repayment, the Company agrees to give the Holder notice at least five (5)
business days prior to the time that the Company repays this Note. If the Holder elects to convert this Note, the Holder shall
provide the Company with a written notice of conversion setting forth the amount to be converted. The notice must be delivered to
the Company together with this Note. Within twenty (20) business days of receipt of such notice, the Company shall deliver to the
Holder certificate(s) for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion and, if the entire principal amount was not so converted, a
new note representing such balance. 

2 

3.4
 Other Conversion Provisions . 

(a) Adjustment
of Note Conversion Price . In the event the Company shall in any manner, subsequent to the issuance of this Note, approve a reclassification
involving a reverse stock split and subdivision of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Note Conversion
Price shall forthwith be unaffected. In the event the Company shall in any manner, subsequent to the issuance of this Note, approve a
reclassification involving a forward stock split and subdivision of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock,
the Note Conversion Price shall forthwith be unaffected. 

(b) Common
Stock Defined . Whenever reference is made in this Note to the shares of Common Stock, the term Common Stock shall mean
the Common Stock of the Company authorized as of the date hereof, and any other class of stock ranking on a parity with such Common Stock.
Shares issuable upon conversion hereof shall include only shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

3.5 No
Fractional Shares . No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon conversion of this Note. In lieu of the Company issuing
any fractional shares to the Holder upon the conversion of this Note, the Company shall pay to the Holder the amount of outstanding principal
hereunder that is not so converted. 

4. Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Company . The Company represents, warrants and covenants with the Holder as follows: 

(a) Authorization;
Enforceability . All corporate action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders necessary for the authorization,
execution and delivery of this Note and the performance of all obligations of the Company hereunder has been taken, and this Note constitutes
a valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and
(ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies. 

(b) Governmental
Consents . No consent, approval, qualification, order or authorization of, or filing with, any local, state or federal governmental
authority is required on the part of the Company in connection with the Company s valid execution, delivery or performance of this Note
except any notices required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the 1933 Act ), or such filings as may be required under applicable state securities laws, which, if applicable,
will be timely filed within the applicable periods therefor. 

3 

(c) No
Violation . The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Note and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will not result in a violation of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, in any material respect of any
provision of any mortgage, agreement, instrument or contract to which it is a party or by which it is bound or, to the best of its
knowledge, of any federal or state judgment, order, writ, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or be in
material conflict with or constitute, with or without the passage of time or giving of notice, either a material default under any
such provision or an event that results in the creation of any material lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company
or the suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal of any material permit, license, authorization or approval
applicable to the Company, its business or operations, or any of its assets or properties. 

(d) Reservation
of Shares . The Company shall deliver within five days of execution of this Note, a fully-executed and complete irrevocable letter
of instruction or similar instrument to the transfer agent of Company, in a form acceptable to Holder, with respect to the issuance of
shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to conversion of this Note (the Letter of Instruction ). The shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note shall not bear any restrictive legends. On and after the date of this Note, Company shall
timely report all necessary public information required by Rule 144(c)(2) of the 1933 Act for Holder to resell the shares of Common Stock
issued to Holder under this Note in reliance upon the public information requirements set forth in Rule 144(c)(2). In the Letter of Instruction,
the Company shall instruct the transfer agent to place 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock on reserve for eventual conversion of this Note
(the Reserved Shares ). The Reserved Shares shall remain in the created reserve with the transfer agent until Holder
and an authorized officer of Company provide joint written instructions to the transfer agent that the Reserved Shares, or any part of
the Reserved Shares, shall be taken out of the reserve and shall no longer be subject to the terms of the Letter of Instruction. 

5. Representations
and Covenants of the Holder . The Company has entered into this Note in reliance upon the following representations and covenants of
the Holder: 

(a) Investment
Purpose . This Note and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note are acquired for investment and not with a view to the
sale or distribution of any part thereof, and the Holder has no present intention of selling or engaging in any public distribution of
the same except pursuant to a registration or exemption. 

(b) Private
Issue . The Holder understands (i) that this Note and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note are not registered under
the 1933 Act or qualified under applicable state securities laws, and (ii) that the Company is relying on an exemption from registration
predicated on the representations set forth in this Section 8. 

(c) Financial
Risk . The Holder has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and
risks of its investment, and has the ability to bear the economic risks of its investment. 

(d) Risk of No
Registration . The Holder understands that if the Company does not register with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant
to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act ), or file reports pursuant to Section 15(d) of the
1934 Act, or if a registration statement covering the securities under the 1933 Act is not in effect when it desires to sell the
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note, it may be required to hold such securities for an indefinite period. The Holder
also understands that any sale of the Note or the Common Stock which might be made by it in reliance upon Rule 144 under the 1933
Act may be made only in accordance with the terms and conditions of that Rule. 

4 

6. Assignment .
Subject to the restrictions on transfer described in Section 8 below, the rights and obligations of the Company and the Holder shall be
binding upon and benefit the successors, assigns, heirs, administrators and transferees of the parties. 

7. Waiver
and Amendment . Any provision of this Note may be amended, waived or modified upon the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

8. Transfer
of This Note or Securities Issuable on Conversion Hereof . With respect to any offer, sale or other disposition of this Note or securities
into which this Note may be converted, the Holder will give written notice to the Company prior thereto, describing briefly the manner
thereof. Unless the Company reasonably determines that such transfer would violate applicable securities laws, or that such transfer would
adversely affect the Company s ability to account for future transactions to which it is a party as a pooling of interests, and notifies
the Holder thereof within five (5) business days after receiving notice of the transfer, the Holder may effect such transfer. The Note
thus transferred and each certificate representing the securities thus transferred shall bear a legend as to the applicable restrictions
on transferability in order to ensure compliance with the 1933 Act, unless in the opinion of counsel for the Company such legend is not
required in order to ensure compliance with the 1933 Act. The Company may issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent in connection
with such restrictions. 

9. Notices .
Any notice, other communication or payment required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given
upon delivery if personally delivered or three (3) business days after deposit if deposited in the United States mail for mailing by certified
mail, postage prepaid. Each of the above addressees may change its address for purposes of this Section by giving to the other addressee
notice of such new address in conformance with this Section. 

10. Governing
Law . This Note is being delivered in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard
to the conflicts of law provisions thereof. 

11. Heading;
References . All headings used herein are used for convenience only and shall not be used to construe or interpret this Note. Except
as otherwise indicated, all references herein to Sections refer to Sections hereof. 

12. Waiver
by the Company . The Company hereby waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and notice of dishonor. 

13. Delays . No delay
by the Holder in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any power or right. 

14. Severability .
If one or more provisions of this Note are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded from this Note
and the balance of the Note shall be interpreted as if such provision was so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance with its
terms. 

15. No
Impairment . The Company will not, by any voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms
to be observed or performed hereunder by the Company, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions
of this Note and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the Holder of this
Note against impairment. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Ilustrato Pictures
International, Inc. has caused this Note to be executed in its corporate name and this Note to be dated, issued and delivered, all on
the date first above written. 

ILUSTRATO PICTURES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

By 
 /s/ Nicolas Link 
 
 Date: October 11, 2024 
 
 Nicolas Link 

Its: 
 CEO Director 

RB CAPITAL PARTNERS, INC. 

By: 

Date: October 11, 2024 
 
 Brett Rosen 

Its: 
 Managing Partner 

7 

</EX-4.31>

<EX-4.32>
 5
 ea022168801ex4-32_ilustrato.htm
 CONVERTIBLE NOTE, DATED NOVEMBER 05, 2024, WITH TWNBROOKS INC

Exhibit 4.32 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY
THIS INSTRUMENT HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO
SUCH SALE OR DISPOSITION MAY BE AFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY
ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. 

ILUSTRATO PICTURES INTERNATIONAL
INC. 

 CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: 110,000.00 USD 
 November 05, 2024 

Purchase Price: 100,000.00 USD 

WHEREAS on November
05, 2024, Twn Brooks Inc. (the Holder loaned funds totaling, 110,000.00 to Ilustrato Pictures International Inc., a
Nevada corporation (the Company ). Payment for the loan is to be made directly to the company in the form of a Wire
Transfer. 

WHEREAS the Company and Holder further agreed that such
loaned funds provided by the Holder to the Company would be evidenced in a convertible note, which convertible note would be convertible
into shares of common stock of the Company in accordance with Section 3 below; 

NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSES
that for and in consideration of the mutual premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties covenant and
agree each with the other as follows: 

1. Principal and Interest . 

1.1
The Company, for value received, hereby promises to pay to the order of the Holder the sum of One Hundred Ten Thousand Dollars 110,000), which amount represents the amount owed to Holder as of November 05, 2024. 

1.2 This
Convertible Promissory Note (the Note shall bear nine percent (9 interest per annum. The Note is for a period of 6 months
and cannot be converted until (3) months from the date first written above has passed. 

1.3 This
note carries an original issue discount of 10,000.00 (the OID which is included in the principal balance of this note.
Thus, the purchase price of this note shall be 100,000 computed as follows: the Principal amount minus the OID. 

1.4 Upon
payment in full of the principal, this Note shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation. 

1.5 The principal under this
Note shall be payable at the principal office of the Company and shall be forwarded to the address of the Holder hereof as such Holder
shall from time to time designate. 

2. Attorney s
Fees . If the indebtedness represented by this Note or any part thereof is collected in bankruptcy, receivership or other judicial
proceedings or if this Note is placed in the hands of attorneys for collection after default, the Company agrees to pay, in addition to
the principal payable hereunder, reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by the Holder. 

3. Conversion . 

3.1 Voluntary
Conversion . The Holder shall have the right, exercisable in whole or in part, to convert the outstanding principal into a number of
fully paid and non-assessable whole shares of the Company s 0.001 Par Value common stock Common Stock determined in accordance
with Section 3.2 below. 

3.2 Conversion
Price. The conversion price (the Conversion Price shall equal the Variable Conversion Price (as defined herein)
(subject to equitable adjustments by the Borrower relating to the Borrower s securities, combinations, recapitalization,
reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). The Variable Conversion Price shall mean 50 
multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of 50 ). Market Price means the
lowest Trading Price (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete
Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Trading Price means, for any security as of any date, the closing bid price
on the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Sheets electronic quotation system or applicable trading market (the OTC as reported by a
reliable reporting service Reporting Service designated by the Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTC is not the
principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading
market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security is available in any of the foregoing
manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed in the pink
sheets . If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Trading
Price shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of the Notes
being converted for which the calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes.
 Trading Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTC, or on the principal
securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded. 

3.3 Notice
and Conversion Procedures . After receipt of demand for repayment, the Company agrees to give the Holder notice at least five (5) business
days prior to the time that the Company repays this Note. If the Holder elects to convert this Note, the Holder shall provide the Company
with a written notice of conversion setting forth the amount to be converted. The notice must be delivered to the Company together with
this Note. Within ten (10) business days of receipt of such notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder certificate(s) or evidence
of electronic book recording for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion and, if the entire principal amount was not so converted,
a new note representing such balance. 

2 

3.4 Other Conversion Provisions . 

(a) Adjustment
of Note Conversion Price . If the Company at any time subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise)
its outstanding shares into a greater number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately
reduced, and if the Company at any time combines (by reverse stock split, recapitalization or otherwise) its outstanding shares into a
smaller number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased. 

(b) Common
Stock Defined . Whenever reference is made in this Note to the shares of Common Stock, the term Common Stock shall mean
the Common Stock of the Company authorized as of the date hereof, and any other class of stock ranking on a parity with such Common Stock.
Shares issuable upon conversion hereof shall include only shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

3.5 No
Fractional Shares . No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon conversion of this Note. In lieu of the Company issuing
any fractional shares to the Holder upon the conversion of this Note, the Company shall pay to the Holder the amount of outstanding principal
hereunder that is not so converted. 

3.6 Prepayment. 
At any time prior to the date that an Event of Defaults occurs under this note, the Company shall have the right, exercisable on four
(4) Trading days prior written notice to the Holder of the note, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due under
this note in accordance with this section 3.6. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment Notice shall
be delivered to the holder of the Note at its registered addresses or by email and shall state: (1) that the Company is exercising its
right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be four (4) Trading days from the date of the Optional Prepayment
Notice (the Optional Prepayment Date ). Within two (2) Trading Day after the Holder s receipt of the Optional Prepayment
Notice, Holder shall specify in writing payment instructions to the Company. On the Optional Prepayment Date, the Company shall make payment
of the amounts designated below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Company. If the Company
exercises its right to prepay the Note in accordance with this section, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash
equal to the sum of : (w) 110 multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal
Amount to the Optional Prepayment date. 

4. Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Company . The Company represents, warrants and covenants with the Holder as follows: 

(a) Authorization; Enforceability .
All corporate action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders necessary for the authorization, execution
and delivery of this Note and the performance of all obligations of the Company hereunder has been taken, and this Note constitutes a
valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and
(ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies. 

3 

(b) Governmental
Consents . No consent, approval, qualification, order or authorization of, or filing with, any local, state or federal governmental
authority is required on the part of the Company in connection with the Company s valid execution, delivery or performance of this Note
except any notices required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the 1933 Act ), or such filings as may be required under applicable state securities laws, which, if applicable,
will be timely filed within the applicable periods therefor. 

(c) No
Violation . The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Note and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby will not result in a violation of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, in any material respect of any provision of any mortgage,
agreement, instrument or contract to which it is a party or by which it is bound or, to the best of its knowledge, of any federal or state
judgment, order, writ, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or be in material conflict with or constitute, with
or without the passage of time or giving of notice, either a material default under any such provision or an event that results in the
creation of any material lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company or the suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture
or nonrenewal of any material permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to the Company, its business or operations, or any
of its assets or properties. 

5. Representations
and Covenants of the Holder . The Company has entered into this Note in reliance upon the following representations and covenants of
the Holder: 

(a) Investment
Purpose . This Note and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note are acquired for investment and not with a view to the
sale or distribution of any part thereof, and the Holder has no present intention of selling or engaging in any public distribution of
the same except pursuant to a registration or exemption. 

(b) Private
Issue . The Holder understands (i) that this Note and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note are not registered under
the 1933 Act or qualified under applicable state securities laws, and (ii) that the Company is relying on an exemption from registration
predicated on the representations set forth in this Section 8. 

(c) Financial
Risk . The Holder has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and
risks of its investment and has the ability to bear the economic risks of its investment. 

6. Assignment .
Subject to the restrictions on transfer described in Section 8 below, the rights and obligations of the Company and the Holder shall be
binding upon and benefit the successors, assigns, heirs, administrators and transferees of the parties. 

7. Waiver
and Amendment . Any provision of this Note may be amended, waived or modified upon the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

4 

8. Transfer of This
Note or Securities Issuable on Conversion Hereof . With respect to any offer, sale or other disposition of this Note or
securities into which this Note may be converted, the Holder will give written notice to the Company prior thereto, describing
briefly the manner thereof. Unless the Company reasonably determines that such transfer would violate applicable securities laws, or
that such transfer would adversely affect the Company s ability to account for future transactions to which it is a party as a
pooling of interests and notifies the Holder thereof within five (5) business days after receiving notice of the transfer, the
Holder may effect such transfer. The Note thus transferred and each certificate representing the securities thus transferred shall
bear a legend as to the applicable restrictions on transferability in order to ensure compliance with the 1933 Act, unless in the
opinion of counsel for the Company such legend is not required in order to ensure compliance with the 1933 Act. The Company may
issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent in connection with such restrictions. 

9. Notices .
Any notice, other communication or payment required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given
upon delivery if personally delivered or fourteen (14) business days after deposit if deposited in the United States mail for mailing
by certified mail, postage prepaid. Each of the above addressees may change its address for purposes of this Section by giving to the
other addressee notice of such new address in conformance with this Section. Notices are also accepted by email and considered notified
within 24 hours of read receipt. 

10. Governing
Law . This Note is being delivered in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to
the conflicts of law provisions thereof. 

11. Heading;
References . All headings used herein are used for convenience only and shall not be used to construe or interpret this Note. Except
as otherwise indicated, all references herein to Sections refer to Sections hereof. 

12. Waiver
by the Company . The Company hereby waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and notice of dishonor. 

13. Delays .
No delay by the Holder in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any power or right. 

14. Severability .
If one or more provisions of this Note are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded from this Note
and the balance of the Note shall be interpreted as if such provision was so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance with its
terms. 

15. No
Impairment . The Company will not, by any voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms
to be observed or performed hereunder by the Company, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions
of this Note and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the Holder of this
Note against impairment. 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Ilustrato Pictures
International Inc. has caused this Note to be executed in its corporate name and this Note to be dated, issued and delivered, all on the
date first above written. 

ILUSTRATO PICTURES INTERNATIONAL INC. 

/s/
 Nicolas Link 
 
 Date: November 05, 2024 
 By: 
 Nicolas Link 

Its: 
 CEO 

Twn Brooks Inc. 

Date: November 05, 2024 

By: 

6 

</EX-4.32>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ea022168801ex31-1_ilustrato.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Nicolas Link, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three
months ended September 30, 2024, of Ilustrato Pictures International Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 /s/ Nicolas Link 

Nicolas Link 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ea022168801ex31-2_ilustrato.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Krishnan Krishnamoorthy, certify that; 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three
months ended September 30, 2024, of Ilustrato Pictures International Inc. (the registrant); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

/s/ Krishnan Krishnamoorthy 

By: 
 Krishnan Krishnamoorthy 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(principal accounting, and financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ea022168801ex32-1_ilustrato.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 AS ADOPTED 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Ilustrato Pictures International Inc. (the Company for the Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30,
2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Nicolas Link, Chief Executive Officer, and I, Krishnan Krishnamoorthy,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 /s/ Nicolas Link 

Nicolas Link 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 /s/ Krishnan Krishnamoorthy 

Krishnan Krishnamoorthy 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal accounting and financial officer) 

This certification accompanies this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by
such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act).
Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ilus-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ilus-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ilus-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ilus-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ilus-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

