<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1114925_0001683168-24-007780.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3986492</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>135656</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>858887</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1033500</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>861493</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>987259</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-007780.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108074458
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-007780
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LANTRONIX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001114925
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3576]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				330362767
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16027
		FILM NUMBER:		241438032

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48 DISCOVERY, SUITE 250
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9494533990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48 DISCOVERY, SUITE 250
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-007780.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 lantronix_i10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR SEPTEMBER 2024

LANTRONIX, INC. 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to _________. 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 1, 2024, there were
 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

FORM 10-Q 

 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 

 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

INDEX 

Page 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 3 

PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 4 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 4 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 
 4 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 28 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 

PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 30 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 30 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 46 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 46 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 46 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 46 

2 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September
30, 2024 (the Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements
are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from
liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact
included in this Report, or incorporated by reference into this Report, are forward-looking statements. Throughout this Report, we have
attempted to identify forward-looking statements by using words such as may, believe, will, 
 could, project, anticipate, expect, estimate, should, 
 continue, potential, plan, forecasts, goal, seek, 
 intend, other forms of these words or similar words or expressions or the negative thereof. Additionally, statements concerning
future matters such as our expected earnings, revenues, expenses and financial condition, our expectations with respect to the development
of new products and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are forward-looking statements. 

We have based our forward-looking statements on management s current
expectations and projections about trends affecting our business and industry and other future events. Although we do not make forward-looking
statements unless we believe we have a reasonable basis for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy. Forward-looking statements are
subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause our future business, financial condition, results of operations or performance
to differ materially from our historical results or those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement contained in this Report.
Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects or which could cause actual results to differ
materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to, those set forth under Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part
II of this Report, as such factors may be updated, amended or superseded from time to time by subsequent public filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. In addition, actual results may differ as a result of additional risks and uncertainties of which we are currently
unaware or which we do not currently view as material to our business. 

You should read this Report in its entirety, together
with the documents that we file as exhibits to this Report, with the understanding that our future results may be materially different
from what we currently expect and should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. The forward-looking
statements we make speak only as of the date on which they are made. We expressly disclaim any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking
statements after the date hereof to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our opinions or expectations, except as
required by applicable law or the rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market. If we do update or correct any forward-looking statements, investors
should not conclude that we will make additional updates or corrections. 

We qualify all of our forward-looking statements
by these cautionary statements. 

3 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In thousands) 

September 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2024 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Contract manufacturers receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Lease right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

Current portion of long-term debt, net 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 
 - 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

4 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Restructuring, severance and related charges 

Fair value remeasurement of earnout consideration 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest expense, net 

Other income (expense), net 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Net loss 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted-average common shares - basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

5 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 (In thousands) 

Three
 Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 
 Other 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2024 

Shares issued pursuant to stock awards, net 

Tax withholding paid on behalf of employees for restricted shares 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Three
 Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 
 Other 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 

Shares issued pursuant to stock awards, net 

Tax withholding paid on behalf of employees for restricted shares 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

6 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS 

 (In thousands) 

Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Share-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of manufacturing profit in acquired inventory associated with acquisitions 

Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs 

Fair value remeasurement of earnout consideration 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of assets and liabilities acquired: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Contract manufacturers receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Lease right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

Other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing activities 

Net proceeds from issuances of common stock 

Tax withholding paid on behalf of employees for restricted shares 

Payment of borrowings on term loan 

Payment of lease liabilities 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

7 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 September 30, 2024 

Significant Accounting Policies 

Segment Disclosures 

In November 2023, the FASB issued a new Accounting Standards Update ASU requiring incremental disclosures related to a public company s reportable segments. The new guidance was issued primarily to provide
financial statement users with more disaggregated expense information about a company s reportable segments. The guidance does not
change the definition of a segment, the method for determining segments, or the criteria for aggregating operating segments into reportable
segments. The guidance is effective for Lantronix on a retrospective basis beginning with our annual financial statements for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 2025. We are evaluating this guidance and currently do not anticipate its adoption to materially impact our financial
statements. 

and those included in other assets totaled . 

Engineering Services 

We derive a portion of our revenues from engineering and related consulting
service contracts with customers. Revenues from professional engineering services are generally recognized as services are performed.
These contracts generally include performance obligations in which control is transferred over time because the customer either simultaneously
receives and consumes the benefits provided or our performance on the contract creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls.
These contracts typically provide services on the following basis: 

Time Materials T M services consist of revenues from software modification, consulting implementation, training and integration services. These services are set forth separately in the contractual arrangements such that the total price of the customer arrangement is expected to vary depending on the actual time and materials incurred based on the customer s needs. 

Fixed Price arrangements to render specific consulting and software modification services which tend to be more complex. 

Performance obligations for T M contracts qualify for the Right
to Invoice practical expedient within the revenue guidance. Under this practical expedient, we may recognize revenue, over time,
in the amount to which we have a right to invoice. In addition, we are not required to estimate variable consideration upon inception
of the contract and reassess the estimate each reporting period. We have determined that this method best represents the transfer of services
as, upon billing, we have a right to consideration from a customer in an amount that directly corresponds with the value to the customer
of our performance completed to date. 

We recognize revenue on fixed price contracts, over time, using an input
method based on the proportion of our actual costs incurred (generally labor hours expended) to the total costs expected to complete the
contract performance obligation. We have determined that this method best represents the transfer of services as the proportion closely
depicts the efforts or inputs completed towards the satisfaction of a fixed price contract performance obligation. 

Multiple Performance Obligations 

From time to time, we may enter into contracts with customers that include
promises to transfer multiple deliverables that may include sales of products, professional engineering services and other product qualification
or certification services. Determining whether the deliverables in such arrangements are considered distinct performance obligations that
should be accounted for separately versus together often requires judgment. We consider performance obligations to be distinct when the
customer can benefit from the promised good or service on its own or by combining it with other resources readily available and when the
promised good or service is separately identifiable from other promised goods or services in the contract. In such arrangements, we allocate
revenue on a relative standalone selling price basis by maximizing the use of observable inputs to determine the standalone selling price
for each performance obligation. 

Net Revenue by Product Line and Geographic Region 

We organize our products and solutions into three product lines: Embedded
IoT Solutions, IoT System Solutions, and Software Services. Our Embedded IoT products are normally embedded into new designs. These
products include application processing that delivers compute to meet customer needs for data transformation, computer vision, machine
learning, augmented / virtual reality, audio / video aggregation and distribution, and custom applications at the edge. Our IoT System
products include wired and wireless connections that enhance the value and utility of modern electronic systems and equipment by providing
secure network connectivity, power for IoT end devices through Power over Ethernet PoE ), application hosting, protocol
conversion, media conversion, secure access for distributed IoT deployments and many other functions. Our Software Services products
can be classified as either (i) our SaaS platform, which enables customers to easily deploy, monitor, manage, and automate across their
global deployments, all from a single platform login, virtually connected as though directly on each device, (ii) engineering services,
which is a flexible business model that allows customers to select from turnkey product development or team augmentation for accelerating
complex areas of product development or (iii) extended warranty, support and maintenance. 

We conduct our business globally and manage our sales teams by three geographic
regions: the Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa EMEA and Asia Pacific Japan APJ ). 

The following tables present our net revenue by product line and by geographic
region. We present net revenues by geographic region generally based on the ship-to location of our customers for product
sales and the bill-to location for services. 

IoT System Solutions 

Software Services 

EMEA 

Asia Pacific Japan 

The following table presents product revenues and service revenues as
a percentage of our total net revenue: 

Service revenues 

Service revenues are comprised primarily of professional services, software
license subscriptions, and extended warranties. 

Contract Balances 

In certain instances, the timing of revenue recognition may differ from
the timing of invoicing to our customers. We record a contract asset receivable when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing, and a contract
or deferred revenue liability when revenue is recognized subsequent to invoicing. With respect to product shipments, we expect to fulfill
contract obligations within one year and so we have elected not to separately disclose the amount nor the timing of recognition of
these remaining performance obligations. For contract balances related to contracts that include services and multiple performance obligations,
refer to the deferred revenue discussion below. 

Deferred Revenue 

Deferred revenue is primarily comprised of unearned revenue related to
our extended warranty, support and maintenance services and certain software services. These services are generally invoiced at the beginning
of the contract period and revenue is recognized ratably over the service period. Current and non-current deferred revenue balances represent
revenue allocated to the remaining unsatisfied performance obligations at the end of a reporting period and are respectively included
in other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

The following table presents the changes in our deferred revenue balance
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 

New performance obligations 

Recognition of revenue from satisfying performance obligations 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

Less: non-current portion of deferred revenue 

Current portion, September 30, 2024 

We currently expect to recognize substantially all of the non-current portion
of deferred revenue over the next 2 to 5 years. 

Raw materials 

Inventories 

Other Liabilities 

The following table presents details of our other liabilities: 

Customer deposits and refunds 

Accrued raw materials purchases 

Deferred revenue 

Lease liability 

Taxes payable 

Warranty reserve 

Other accrued operating expenses 

Total other current liabilities 

Non-current 

Lease liability 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred revenue 

Total other non-current liabilities 

Computation of Net Loss per Share 

Basic and diluted net loss per share is calculated by dividing net
loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the applicable period. 

The following table presents the computation of net loss per share: 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

The following table presents the common stock equivalents excluded from
the diluted net loss per share calculation, because they were anti-dilutive for the periods presented. These excluded common stock equivalents
could be dilutive in the future. 

Intangible Assets 

The following table presents details of intangible
assets: 

Customer relationships 

We do not currently have any intangible assets with
indefinite useful lives. 

As of September 30, 2024, future estimated amortization
expense is as follows: 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total future amortization 

Restructuring, Severance and Related Charges 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred charges
of approximately related to certain headcount reductions in our sales, engineering, and operations groups. We may incur additional
charges in future periods as we identify additional cost savings and efficiencies related to our business. 

The following table presents details of the liability we recorded related
to restructuring, severance and related activities: 

Charges 

Payments 

Ending balance 

These balances are recorded in accrued payroll and related expenses in
the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

The following table presents non-cash investing transactions excluded
from the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows: 

Charged to cost of revenue 

Usage 

Ending balance 

that was originally scheduled to mature on August 2, 2025. As a condition to entering into the Amendment, we were obligated to pay
a nonrefundable facility increase fee in the amount of . The Senior Credit Facilities are secured by substantially all of our assets. 

In April 2023, we entered into a Letter Agreement (the Letter Agreement with SVB, which, among other matters, amended the Loan Agreement to reduce the former requirement to hold 85 of our company-wide cash
balances at SVB to 50 , and provided a waiver of any event of default under the Loan Agreement for any failure to comply with this covenant
prior to the date of the Letter Agreement. 

In September 2024, we entered into a Fourth Amendment to our Loan Agreement,
pursuant to which the maturity of our Senior Credit Facilities was extended from August 2, 2025 to . 

The following table summarizes our outstanding debt under the Senior Credit
Facilities: 

Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs 

Net Carrying amount of debt 

Less: Current portion 

Non-current portion 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 
of interest expense in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations related to interest and amortization
of debt issuance associated with the borrowings under the Senior Credit Facilities. 

Financial Covenants 

The Senior Credit Facilities require Lantronix to comply with a minimum
liquidity test, a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. We are currently in compliance with all financial
covenants. 

Liquidity 

The Senior Credit Facilities require that we maintain a minimum liquidity
of at SVB, as measured at the end of each month. 

Maximum leverage ratio 

The Senior Credit Facilities require that we maintain
a maximum leverage ratio, calculated as the ratio of funded debt to the consolidated trailing 12 month earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization, and certain other allowable exclusions of (i) 2.50 to 1.00 for each calendar quarter ending June 30, 2021
through and including September 30, 2022, (ii) 2.25 to 1.00 for each calendar quarter ending December 31, 2022 through and including September
30, 2023, and (iii) 2.00 to 1.00 for the calendar quarter ending December 31, 2023 and each calendar quarter thereafter. 

Minimum fixed charge coverage ratio 

The Senior Credit Facilities require that we maintain
a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, calculated as the ratio of consolidated trailing 12 month earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization, and certain other allowable exclusions, less capital expenditures and taxes paid, to the trailing twelve month principal
and interest payments on all funded debt of 1.25 to 1.00 as measured at the end of each calendar quarter. 

In addition, the Senior Credit Facilities contain
customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict Lantronix and
its subsidiaries ability to incur liens, incur indebtedness, dispose of assets, make investments, make certain restricted payments,
merge or consolidate and enter into certain speculative hedging arrangements. The Senior Credit Facilities include a number of events
of default, including, among other things, non-payment defaults, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to other materials indebtedness, bankruptcy
and insolvency defaults and material judgment defaults. If any event of default occurs (subject, in certain instances, to specified grace
periods), the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding amounts under the Senior
Credit Facilities may become due and payable immediately. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Balance of RSUs outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Performance Stock Units PSUs 

The following table presents a summary of activity with respect to our
PSUs: 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Balance of PSUs outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Stock Options 

The following table presents a summary of activity with respect to our
stock options: 

Expired 

Exercised 

Balance of options outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP 

The following table presents a summary of activity under our ESPP: 

Shares issued 

Shares available for issuance at September 30, 2024 

Share-Based Compensation Expense 

The following table presents a summary of share-based compensation expense
included in each applicable functional line item on our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Total share-based compensation expense 

The following table presents the remaining unrecognized share-based compensation
expense related to our outstanding share-based awards as of September 30, 2024: 

RSUs 

PSUs 

Stock purchase rights under ESPP 

If there are any modifications or cancellations of the underlying unvested
share-based awards, we may be required to accelerate, increase or cancel remaining unearned share-based compensation expense. Future share-based
compensation expense and unearned share-based compensation will increase to the extent that we grant additional share-based awards. 

The difference between our effective tax rates in the periods presented
above and the federal statutory rate is primarily due to (i) a tax benefit from our domestic losses being recorded with a full valuation
allowance, (ii) our current estimates of pre-tax profitability for the full fiscal year and (iii) the effect of foreign earnings taxed
at rates differing from the federal statutory rate. 

We have a net deferred tax liability of and at September
30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. This balance represents the excess of our indefinite-lived deferred tax liabilities over our
indefinite-lived deferred tax assets and is recorded in other non-current liabilities on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
balance sheets. 

The realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation
of future taxable income. As required by Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740, we have evaluated the positive and negative evidence
bearing upon our ability to realize our deferred tax assets. We have determined that it was more likely than not that Lantronix would
not realize the deferred tax assets due to our cumulative losses and uncertainty of generating future taxable income and have therefore
provided a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 

20 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and
results of operations should be read together with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included
in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (this Report ). This
discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations and reflect our plans, estimates
and anticipated future financial performance. See the section of this Report entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for additional information. These statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ
materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth
in Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of this Report. 

Unless otherwise indicated by the context, all
references to the Company , Lantronix , we , us , and our in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q include Lantronix, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Overview 

Lantronix, Inc. is a global leader in compute and connectivity solutions,
targeting high-growth industries such as Smart Cities, Automotive, and Enterprise markets. Our products and services empower companies
to capitalize on the expanding internet of things IoT market by delivering customizable solutions that address each layer
of the IoT stack. 

We conduct our business globally and manage our sales teams by three geographic
regions: the Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa EMEA and Asia Pacific Japan APJ ). 

Products and Solutions Overview 

We organize our portfolio services and products into the following product
lines: Embedded IoT Modules, IoT Systems Solutions, and Software and Engineering Services. 

Embedded IoT Modules 

Our portfolio of embedded products provides a comprehensive range of options,
including Compute System-on-Module SOM and System-in-Package SIP solutions, complemented by wired and
wireless network connectivity products. As the level of silicon integration continues to advance, our compute modules offer the capability
to collect, analyze, and interpret digital information (e.g., Video, Audio or Sensor data) using specialized artificial intelligence AI )/machine
learning algorithms. 

IoT System Solutions 

Our IoT Systems Solutions portfolio offers a wide range of fully functional
standalone systems that provide routing, switching or gateway functionalities as well as telematics and media conversion. These products
include wired and wireless connections that enhance the value and utility of modern electronic systems and equipment by providing secure
network connectivity, power for IoT end devices through Power over Ethernet PoE ), application hosting, protocol conversion,
media conversion, secure access for distributed IoT deployments and many other functions. By offering pre-certified products across multiple
regions, Lantronix significantly reduces original equipment manufacturer customers regulatory certification costs and speeds up
their time-to-market. 

21 

Software and Services 

Our SaaS platform offers comprehensive single-pane-of-glass management
for out-of-band OOB and IoT deployments. Our platform enables customers to easily deploy, monitor, manage and automate
across their global deployments, all from a single platform login, virtually and seamlessly connected as if located directly on each device.
Our platform eliminates the need to have 24/7 personnel on site and makes it easy to observe and address issues quickly, even in large-scale
deployments. 

We leverage our deep engineering expertise and product development best
practices to deliver high-quality, innovative products cost-effectively and on schedule. Our engineering services model is flexible, offering
either turnkey product development or team augmentation to accelerate complex product development challenges, such as camera tuning, voice
control, machine learning, AI, computer vision, augmented/virtual reality, and more. 

We also provide extended warranty, support and maintenance services related
to our OOB and certain other product families. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Refer to Note 1 of Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements, included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a discussion of recent accounting
pronouncements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The accounting policies that have the greatest impact on our financial
condition and results of operations and that require the most judgment are those relating to revenue recognition, sales returns and allowances,
inventory valuation, restructuring charges, valuation of deferred income taxes, business combinations, valuation of goodwill and long-lived
and intangible assets, stock-based compensation, litigation and other contingencies. These policies are described in further detail in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on September 9, 2024 (the Form 10-K and have not changed significantly during the three months ended September 30, 2024
as compared to what was previously disclosed in the Form 10-K. 

Results of Operations Three Months Ended
September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Summary 

In the three months ended September 30, 2024, our net revenue increased
by 1,392,000 or 4.2 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net revenue was driven by a 17.7 increase
in net revenue in our Embedded IoT Solutions product line, partially offset by a 13.2 decrease in net revenue in our Software Services
product line and a 1.5 decrease in our IoT System Solutions product line. We had a net loss of 2,502,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 compared to a net loss of 1,886,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net loss was primarily
driven by an increase in operating expenses of 932,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2023, which mostly related to an increase in restructuring and severance charges. These changes were partially offset by
the increase in revenue. 

22 

Net Revenue 

The following tables present our net revenue by product
line and by geographic region: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

of Net 
 
 of Net 
 Change 

2024 
 Revenue 
 2023 
 Revenue 

(In thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Embedded IoT Solutions 
 13,387 
 38.9 
 11,373 
 34.4 
 2,014 
 17.7 
 
 IoT System Solutions 
 18,759 
 54.5 
 19,036 
 57.6 
 (277 
 (1.5 
 
 Software Services 
 2,277 
 6.6 
 2,622 
 8.0 
 (345 
 (13.2 

34,423 
 100.0 
 33,031 
 100.0 
 1,392 
 4.2 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

of Net 
 
 of Net 
 Change 

2024 
 Revenue 
 2023 
 Revenue 

(In thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Americas 
 17,420 
 50.6 
 22,933 
 69.4 
 (5,513 
 (24.0 
 
 EMEA 
 10,484 
 30.5 
 6,591 
 20.0 
 3,893 
 59.1 
 
 APJ 
 6,519 
 18.9 
 3,507 
 10.6 
 3,012 
 85.9 

34,423 
 100.0 
 33,031 
 100.0 
 1,392 
 4.2 

Embedded IoT Solutions 

Net revenue increased primarily due to higher
unit sales of our embedded compute product line in the APJ and Americas regions. This was partially offset by lower unit sales of our
embedded ethernet connectivity products and network interface cards across all regions. 

IoT System Solutions 

Net revenue decreased primarily due to (i) decreased
unit sales of our OOB products in the Americas and EMEA regions and (ii) decreased unit sales of our network switches in the Americas
and APJ regions. These reductions were mostly offset by sales of our custom solutions to a European smart energy grid provider that we
ramped production for in the second half of the prior fiscal year. 

Software Services 

Net revenue decreased primarily due to a decrease
in our engineering services revenue in the EMEA region as two of our large design services projects transitioned in the prior year from
the design phase to full production. 

23 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit represents net revenue less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue
consists primarily of the cost of raw material components, subcontract labor assembly from contract manufacturers, direct and indirect
personnel expenses related to professional services, manufacturing overhead, inventory reserves for excess and obsolete products or raw
materials, warranty costs, royalties and share-based compensation. 

The following table presents our gross profit: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

of Net 
 
 of Net 
 Change 

2024 
 Revenue 
 2023 
 Revenue 

(In thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Gross profit 
 14,475 
 42.1 
 14,097 
 42.7 
 378 
 2.7 

Gross profit as a percent of revenue (referred to as gross margin decreased slightly due primarily to our product sales mix as embedded compute products contribute to a larger portion of revenues in the
current period. 

Selling, General and Administrative 

Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of personnel-related
expenses, including salaries and commissions, share-based compensation, facility expenses, information technology, trade show expenses,
advertising, and legal and accounting fees. 

The following table presents our selling, general
and administrative expenses: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

of Net 
 
 of Net 
 Change 

2024 
 Revenue 
 2023 
 Revenue 

(In thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Personnel-related expenses 
 5,321 
 
 4,837 
 
 484 
 10.0 
 
 Professional fees and outside services 
 1,521 
 
 1,540 
 
 (19 
 (1.2 
 
 Advertising and marketing 
 466 
 
 482 
 
 (16 
 (3.3 
 
 Facilities and insurance 
 411 
 
 514 
 
 (103 
 (20.0 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 1,126 
 
 1,273 
 
 (147 
 (11.5 
 
 Depreciation 
 351 
 
 334 
 
 17 
 5.1 
 
 Other 
 300 
 
 190 
 
 110 
 57.9 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 9,496 
 27.6 
 9,170 
 27.8 
 326 
 3.6 

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to
an increase in personnel-related costs resulting from year-over-year compensation increases and changes in headcount. The increase
was partially offset by (i) reduced share-based compensation costs mostly from reversals of certain forfeited awards and (ii) lower facilities
and related costs from previous restructurings of certain non-essential operations. 

24 

Research and Development 

Research and development expenses consist of personnel-related expenses,
including share-based compensation, as well as expenditures to third-party vendors for research and development activities and product
certification costs. Our quarterly costs related to outside services and product certifications vary from period to period depending on
our level of development activities. 

The following table presents our research and development expenses: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

of Net 
 
 of Net 
 Change 

2024 
 Revenue 
 2023 
 Revenue 

(In thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Personnel-related expenses 
 3,272 
 
 3,259 
 
 13 
 0.4 
 
 Facilities 
 648 
 
 619 
 
 29 
 4.7 
 
 Outside services 
 176 
 
 176 

0.0 
 
 Product certifications 
 138 
 
 347 
 
 (209 
 (60.2 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 410 
 
 428 
 
 (18 
 (4.2 
 
 Other 
 312 
 
 277 
 
 35 
 12.6 
 
 Research and development 
 4,956 
 14.4 
 5,106 
 15.5 
 (150 
 (2.9 

Research and development expenses decreased primarily due to lower product
certification expenses resulting from the timing of costs incurred on various ongoing development projects. 

Restructuring, Severance and Related Charges 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred charges of
 900,000 related to headcount reductions. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred 20,000 of restructuring, severance
and related charges. 

We may incur additional restructuring, severance and related charges in
future periods as we continue to identify cost savings and efficiencies related to our business. 

Interest Expense, Net 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we
incurred net interest expense due to borrowings on our credit facilities. We also earn interest income on our domestic cash balance. 

25 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

Our other income (expense), net, is comprised primarily of foreign currency
remeasurement and transaction adjustments related to our foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency is the U.S. dollar. 

Provision for Income Taxes 

Refer to Note 7 of Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements, included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a discussion regarding our provision
for income taxes. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity 

The following table presents details of our working capital and cash and
cash equivalents: 

September 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2024 
 Change 

(In thousands) 
 
 Working capital 
 57,115 
 58,794 
 (1,679 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 26,395 
 26,237 
 158 

Our principal sources of cash and liquidity include our existing cash and
cash equivalents, borrowings and amounts available under our existing term loan and revolving credit facility (together, the Senior
Credit Facilities ), and cash generated from operations. We are subject to a variable amount of interest on the principal balance
of our Senior Credit Facilities and could be adversely impacted by rising interest rates in the future. We believe that our current cash
holdings and net cash flows from operations are sufficient to satisfy our current obligations for the foreseeable future, and, assuming
continued access to the undrawn amounts available under our Senior Credit Facilities, these combined sources will be sufficient to fund
our material requirements for working capital, capital expenditures and other financial commitments for at least the next 12 months and
beyond. We continue to monitor our existing banking relationships and the availability of potential alternate sources of credit based
on market conditions and our ongoing capital requirements. There can be no guarantee that we would be able to obtain any needed alternate
financing on acceptable terms, or at all, or that such a financing would not result in a default under the Loan Agreement (as defined
in Note 5 of Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report). We anticipate
that the primary factors affecting our cash and liquidity are net revenue, working capital requirements and capital expenditures. 

We define cash and cash equivalents as highly liquid deposits with original
maturities of 90 days or less when purchased. We maintain cash and cash equivalents balances at certain financial institutions in excess
of amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). There can be no assurance that our deposits in excess
of the FDIC limits will be backstopped by the U.S., or that any bank or financial institution with which we do business will be able to
obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions or by acquisition in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis. 

As of the date of this Report, we have full access to and control of our
cash and cash equivalents balance at Silicon Valley Bank and our other banking institutions. Our emphasis is primarily on safety of principal
and secondarily on maximizing yield on those funds. As of the date of this Report, we are in compliance with all covenants of the Loan
Agreement. 

26 

Our future working capital requirements will depend on many factors, including
the following: timing and amount of our net revenue; our product mix and the resulting gross margins; research and development expenses;
selling, general and administrative expenses; and expenses associated with any strategic partnerships, acquisitions or infrastructure
investments. 

From time to time, we may seek additional capital from public or private
offerings of our capital stock, borrowings under our existing or future credit lines or other sources in order to (i) develop or enhance
our products, (ii) take advantage of strategic opportunities, (iii) respond to competition or (iv) continue to operate our business. We
currently have a Form S-3 shelf registration statement on file with the SEC. If we issue equity securities to raise additional funds,
our existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new equity securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to
those of our existing stockholders. If we issue debt securities to raise additional funds, we may incur debt service obligations, become
subject to additional restrictions that limit or restrict our ability to operate our business, or be required to further encumber our
assets. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise any such capital on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

Bank Loan Agreements 

Refer to Note 5 of Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements, included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a discussion of our loan agreements. 

Cash Flows 

The following table presents the major components
of the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

(In thousands) 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 2,663 
 7,498 
 (4,835 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (157 
 (486 
 329 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (2,348 
 (985 
 (1,363 

Operating Activities 

Cash provided by operating activities during the three months ended September
30, 2024 decreased compared to the prior year period. Cash from operations increased in the prior year period due to our reduction of
inventories and receipt of customer deposits relating to the delivery to our European smart grid provider customer. In the current year
period, inventories increased slightly, and we also made payments against previously accrued variable compensation balances, as discussed
further below. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our net loss included 3,418,000 of non-cash charges, while the changes
in operating assets and liabilities provided net cash of 1,747,000. 

Our net inventories increased by 1,835,000, or 6.6 , from June 30, 2024
to September 30, 2024. The increase resulted primarily due to the timing of various material receipts during the current quarter as compared
to our shipments to customers. 

Accounts payable increased by 6,802,000, or 65.7 , from June 30, 2024
to September 30, 2024. The increase is primarily due to the timing of inventory receipts near the end of the current quarter, as well
as payments made to our vendors. 

27 

Contract manufacturers receivables increased by 1,321,000, or 94.3 ,
from June 30, 2024 to September 30, 2024. The increase is primarily due to timing of shipments of components to contract manufacturers
during the current quarter. 

Accrued payroll and related expenses decreased by 2,396,000 or 41.1 from
June 30, 2024 to September 30, 2024. The decrease is primarily due to accrued variable compensation paid out during the current quarter. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities for the three months ended September
30, 2024 consisted of purchases of equipment totaling 157,000, primarily for tooling at our contract manufacturers and certain research
and development projects. Cash used during the three months ended September 30, 2023 consisted of purchases of plant and equipment of
 486,000 primarily for research and development and certain business analysis tools. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash used in financing activities during the three months ended September
30, 2024 and the three months ended September 30, 2023 resulted primarily from tax withholdings paid on behalf of employees for restricted
shares as well as principal payments on the Senior Credit Facilities. 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information
required by this Item 3. 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that this information is accumulated and communicated
to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management
is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Our management, with the participation of our
Chief Executive Officer and our Interim Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of September 30, 2024. Based on such evaluation our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. Refer to the additional discussion below regarding the
remediation of the previously disclosed material weakness. 

28 

Material Weakness in Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

As reported in our management s report on internal control over financial
reporting within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, we identified a material weakness in internal
control related to the design and implementation of information technology general controls related to the Company s information
systems that are relevant to the preparation of consolidated financial statements. Specifically, management did not design and maintain
user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and to adequately restrict user access to financial applications and
data. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, management implemented its
previously disclosed remediation plan to enhance the design of information technology general controls ITGCs related to
user access and proper segregation of duties. This plan included: 

Modifying user rights to significantly restrict access to certain key financial applications and functionality. 

Implementing additional review and approval requirements within the financial systems workflow. 

Creating new audit reports that require management review and approval of changes made to key attributes within the financial application. 

Improving and maintaining documentation underlying ITGCs to promote knowledge transfer upon personnel and function changes. 

Implementing an IT management review and testing plan to monitor user access, specifically focusing on financial applications. 

As of June 30, 2024, management had implemented
the remedial actions and controls described above concerning the material weakness. Due to the timing of the design and implementation
of our remediation efforts during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, there was insufficient time to demonstrate consistent execution of
certain controls and conclude on the operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024. Subsequently,
through September 30, 2024, management has determined that appropriate time has elapsed to demonstrate the operating effectiveness of
the remediated controls through testing of a sufficient number of instances. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other than the ongoing changes to our controls associated with remediating
the material weakness described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection
with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30,
2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

29 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 

Refer to Note 8 of Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements, included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (this Report ),
which is incorporated herein by reference, for a discussion of legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves numerous
risks and uncertainties. Before deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described
in this section, as well as other information contained in this Report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). This section should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes thereto included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations included in Part I, Item 2 of this Report. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our
business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially harmed. In that event, the market price for our
common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. In addition, risks and uncertainties not presently known
to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. 

The risks and uncertainties discussed below update and supersede the
risks and uncertainties previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024,
which was filed with the SEC on September 9, 2024. There have been no material changes to the risks and uncertainties previously disclosed
in such Annual Report on Form 10-K, except for those risks marked with an asterisk ) below. 

Risks Related to Our Operations and Industry 

We depend upon a relatively small number of distributor and end-user
customers for a large portion of our revenue, and a decline in sales to these major customers would materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

Historically, we have relied upon a small number of distributors and end-user
customers for a significant portion of our net revenue. Our customer concentration could fluctuate, depending on future customer requirements,
which will depend on market conditions in the industry segments in which our customers participate. The loss of one or more significant
customers or a decline in sales to our significant customers could result in a material loss of sales and possible increase in excess
inventories which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We have experienced and may in the future experience constraints
in the supply of certain materials and components that could affect our operating results. 

Some of our integrated circuits are only available from a single source
and in some cases, are no longer being manufactured. From time to time, integrated circuits, and potentially other components used in
our products, will be phased out of production by the manufacturer. When this happens, we attempt to purchase sufficient inventory to
meet our needs until a substitute component can be incorporated into our products. Nonetheless, we may be unable to purchase sufficient
components to meet our demands, or we may incorrectly forecast our demands, and purchase too many or too few components. In addition,
our products use components that have been in the past and may in the future be subject to market shortages and substantial price fluctuations,
whether due to the COVID-19 pandemic or a future pandemic or epidemic, the war between Ukraine and Russia, conflict in the Middle East,
hostilities in the Red Sea, recent tensions between China and Taiwan or otherwise. From time to time, we have been unable to meet customer
orders because we were unable to purchase necessary components for our products. We do not have long-term supply arrangements with most
of our vendors to obtain necessary components, including semiconductor chips, or technology for our products and instead purchase components
on a purchase order basis. If we are unable to purchase components from these suppliers, our product shipments could be prevented or delayed,
which could result in a loss of sales. If we are unable to meet existing orders or to enter into new orders because of a shortage in components,
we will likely lose net revenue, risk losing customers and risk harm to our reputation in the marketplace, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

30 

Future operating results depend upon our ability to timely obtain
components in sufficient quantities and on acceptable terms. 

We and our contract manufacturers are responsible for procuring raw materials
for our products. Our products incorporate some components and technologies that are only available from single or limited sources of
supply. Depending on a limited number of suppliers exposes us to risks, including limited control over pricing, availability, quality
and delivery schedules. Moreover, due to our limited sales, we may not be able to convince suppliers to continue to make components available
to us unless there is demand for these components from their other customers. If any one or more of our suppliers cease to provide us
with sufficient quantities of components in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us, we would have to seek alternative sources of
supply and we may have difficulty identifying additional or replacement suppliers for some of our components. 

We outsource substantially all of our manufacturing to contract manufacturers
in Asia. If our contract manufacturers are unable or unwilling to manufacture our products at the quality and quantity we request, our
business could be harmed. 

We use contract manufacturers based in Asia to manufacture substantially
all of our products. Generally, we do not have guaranteed supply agreements with our contract manufacturers or suppliers. If any of these
subcontractors or suppliers were to cease doing business with us, we might not be able to obtain alternative sources in a timely or cost-effective
manner. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers, especially in countries outside of the U.S., exposes us to a number of significant
risks, including: 

reduced control over delivery schedules, quality assurance, manufacturing yields and production costs; 

lack of guaranteed production capacity or product supply; 

effects of terrorist attacks or geopolitical conflicts abroad; 

reliance on these manufacturers to maintain competitive manufacturing technologies; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, taxes, trade laws and tariffs; 

reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 

differing labor regulations; 

disruptions to the business, financial stability or operations, including due to strikes, labor disputes or other disruptions to the workforce, of these manufacturers; 

compliance with a wide variety of complex regulatory requirements; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

changes in a country s or region s political or economic conditions; 

greater difficulty in staffing and managing foreign operations; and 

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities. 

31 

Any problems that we may encounter with the delivery, quality or cost of
our products from our contract manufacturers or suppliers could cause us to lose net revenue, damage our customer relationships and harm
our reputation in the marketplace, each of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of
operations. 

From time to time, we may transition the manufacturing of certain products
from one contract manufacturer to another. When we do this, we may incur substantial expenses, risk material delays or encounter other
unexpected issues. 

The effect of a pandemic or major public health concern such as the
COVID-19 pandemic could result in material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

The COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic or similar outbreak has had,
and may in the future have, an adverse impact on the economy, our business and the businesses of our suppliers, and our results of operations
and financial condition. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in industry events, trade shows and business travel being suspended,
cancelled and/or significantly curtailed. If these activities are suspended, cancelled and/or significantly curtailed in the future, whether
due to surges of COVID-19 or other possible pandemics and similar outbreaks, our sales may be negatively impacted in the future. 

In addition, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other possible pandemics
subject us to various risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition, including the following: 

significant volatility or decreases in the demand for our products or extended sales cycles; 

changes in customer behavior and preferences, as customers may experience financial difficulties and/or may delay orders or reduce their spending; 

adverse impacts on our ability to distribute or deliver our products or services, as well as temporary disruptions, restrictions or closures of the facilities of our suppliers or customers and their contract manufacturers; 

further disruptions in our contract manufacturers ability to manufacture our products, as some contract manufacturers and suppliers of materials used in the production of our products are, or may be, located in areas more severely impacted by COVID-19 or another possible pandemic, which has limited and could further limit, our ability to obtain sufficient materials to produce and manufacture our products; and 

volatility in the availability of raw materials and components that our
 contract manufacturers purchase and volatility in raw material and other input costs. 

The duration and extent of a future pandemics or other similar outbreak s
effect on our operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
at this time. The adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic or similar outbreak on our business, results of operations
and financial condition have been, could continue to be, and may in the future be material. 

32 

Certain of our products are sold into mature markets, which could
limit our ability to continue to generate revenue from these products. Our ability to sustain and grow our business depends on our ability
to develop, market, scale, and sell new products. 

Certain of our products are sold into mature markets that are characterized
by a trend of declining demand. As the overall market for these products decreases due to the adoption of new technologies, our revenues
from these products have declined, and we expect they will continue to decline in the future. As a result, our future prospects will depend
on our ability to develop and successfully market new products that address new and growing markets. Our failure to develop new products
or failure to achieve widespread customer acceptance of any new products could cause us to lose market share and cause our revenues to
decline. There can be no assurance that we will not experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction,
marketing and sale of new products or product enhancements. Factors that could cause delays include regulatory and/or industry approvals,
product design cycle and failure to identify products or features that customers demand. In addition, the introduction and sale of new
products often involves a significant technical evaluation, and we often face delays because of our customers internal procedures
for evaluating, approving and deploying new technologies. For these and other reasons, the sales cycle associated with new products is
typically lengthy, often lasting six to 24 months and sometimes longer. Therefore, there can be no assurance that our introduction or
announcement of new product offerings will achieve any significant or sustainable degree of market acceptance or result in increased revenue
in the near term. 

Our software offerings are subject to risks that differ from those
facing our hardware products. 

We continue to dedicate significant engineering resources to our management
software platform, applications, and SaaS offerings. These product and service offerings are subject to significant additional risks that
are not necessarily related to our hardware products. Our ability to succeed with these offerings will depend in large part on our ability
to provide customers with software products and services that offer features and functionality that address their specific needs. We may
face challenges and delays in the development of this product line as the marketplace for products and services evolves to meet the needs
and desires of customers. We cannot provide assurances that we will be successful in operating and growing this product line. 

In light of these risks and uncertainties, we may not be able to establish
or maintain market share for our software and SaaS offerings. As we develop new product lines, we must adapt to market conditions that
are unfamiliar to us, such as competitors and distribution channels that are different from those we have known in the past. We have and
will encounter competition from other solutions providers, many of whom may have more significant resources than us with which to compete.
There can be no assurance that we will recover our investments in this segment, or that we will receive meaningful revenue from or realize
a profit from this new segment. 

We may experience significant fluctuation in our revenue because
the timing of large orders placed by some of our customers is often project-based. 

Our operating results fluctuate because we often receive large orders from
customers that coincide with the timing of the customer s project. Sales of our products and services may be delayed if customers
delay approval or commencement of projects due to budgetary constraints, internal acceptance review procedures, timing of budget cycles
or timing of competitive evaluation processes. In addition, sometimes our customers make significant one-time hardware purchases for projects
which are not repeated. We sell primarily on a purchase order basis rather than pursuant to long-term contracts, and we expect fluctuations
in our revenues as a result of one-time project-based purchases to continue in the future. In addition, our sales may be subject to significant
fluctuations based on the acceleration, delay or cancellation of customer projects, or our failure to complete one or a series of significant
potential sales. Because a significant portion of our operating expenses are fixed, even a single order can have a disproportionate effect
on our operating results. As a result of the factors discussed above, and due to the complexities of the industry in which we operate,
it is difficult for us to forecast demand for our current or future products with any degree of certainty, which means it is difficult
for us to forecast our sales. If our quarterly or annual operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts,
the price of our common stock could decline substantially. 

33 

The lengthy sales cycle for our products and services, along with
delays in customer completion of projects, make the timing of our revenues difficult to predict. 

We have a lengthy sales cycle for many of our products that generally extends
between three and 24 months and sometimes longer due to a lengthy customer evaluation and approval process. The length of this process
can be affected by factors over which we have little or no control, including the customer s budgetary constraints, timing of the
customer s budget cycles, and concerns by the customer about the introduction of new products by us or by our competitors. As a
result, sales cycles for customer orders vary substantially among different customers. The lengthy sales cycle is one of the factors that
has caused, and may continue to cause, our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from quarter to quarter. In addition,
we may incur substantial expenses and devote significant management effort to develop potential relationships that do not result in agreements
or revenues, which may prevent us from pursuing other opportunities. Accordingly, excessive delays in sales could be material and adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The nature of our products, customer base and sales channels results
in lack of visibility into future demand for our products, which makes it difficult for us to forecast our manufacturing and inventory
requirements. 

We use forecasts based on anticipated product orders to manage our manufacturing
and inventory levels and other aspects of our business. However, several factors contribute to a lack of visibility with respect to future
orders, including: 

the lengthy and unpredictable sales cycle for our products that can extend from six to 24 months or longer; 

the project-driven nature of many of our customers requirements; 

we primarily sell our products indirectly through distributors; 

the uncertainty of the extent and timing of market acceptance of our new products; 

the need to obtain industry certifications or regulatory approval for our products; 

the lack of long-term contracts with our customers; 

the diversity of our product lines and geographic scope of our product distribution; 

we have some customers who make single, non-recurring purchases; and 

a large number of our customers typically purchase in small quantities. 

This lack of visibility impacts our ability to forecast our inventory requirements.
If we overestimate our customers future requirements for products, we may have excess inventory, which would increase our costs
and potentially require us to write-off inventory that becomes obsolete. Additionally, if we underestimate our customers future
requirements, we may have inadequate inventory, which could interrupt and delay delivery of our products to our customers, harm our reputation,
and cause our revenues to decline. If any of these events occur, they could prevent us from achieving or sustaining profitability and
the value of our common stock may decline. 

34 

Delays in qualifying revisions of existing products for certain of
our customers could result in the delay or loss of sales to those customers, which could negatively impact our business and financial
results. 

Our industry is characterized by intense competition, rapidly evolving
technology and continually changing customer preferences and requirements. As a result, we frequently develop and introduce new versions
of our existing products, which we refer to as revisions. 

Prior to purchasing our products, some of our customers require that products
undergo a qualification process, which may involve testing of the products in the customer s system. A subsequent revision to a
product s hardware or firmware, changes in the manufacturing process or our selection of a new supplier may require a new qualification
process, which may result in delays in sales to customers, loss of sales, or us holding excess or obsolete inventory. 

After products are qualified, it can take additional time before the customer
commences volume production of components or devices that incorporate our products. If we are unsuccessful or delayed in qualifying any
new or revised products with a customer, that failure or delay would preclude or delay sales of these products to the customer, and could
negatively impact our financial results. In addition, new revisions to our products could cause our customers to alter the timing of their
purchases, by either accelerating or delaying purchases, which could result in fluctuations of our net revenue from quarter to quarter. 

We depend on distributors for a majority of our sales and to complete
order fulfillment. 

We depend on the resale of products through distributor accounts for a
substantial majority of our worldwide net revenue. In addition, sales through our top five distributors accounted for approximately 29 
of our net revenue in fiscal 2024. A significant reduction of effort by one or more distributors to sell our products or a material change
in our relationship with one or more distributors may reduce our access to certain end customers and adversely affect our ability to sell
our products. Furthermore, if a key distributor materially defaults on a contract or otherwise fails to perform, our business and financial
results would suffer. 

In addition, the financial health of our distributors and our continuing
relationships with them are important to our success. Our business could be harmed if the financial health of these distributors impairs
their performance and we are unable to secure alternate distributors. 

Our ability to sustain and grow our business depends in part on the
success of our distributors and resellers. 

A substantial part of our revenues is generated through sales by distributors
and resellers. To the extent they are unsuccessful in selling our products, or if we are unable to obtain and retain a sufficient number
of high-quality distributors and resellers, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our distributors
and resellers may devote more resources to marketing, selling and supporting products and services that are competitive with ours, than
to our products. They also may have incentives to promote our competitors products over our products, particularly for our competitors
with larger volumes of orders, more diverse product offerings and a longer relationship with our distributors and resellers. In these
cases, one or more of our important distributors or resellers may stop selling our products completely or may significantly decrease the
volume of products they sell on our behalf. This sales structure also could subject us to lawsuits, potential liability and reputational
harm if, for example, any of our distributors or resellers misrepresents the functionality of our products or services to customers or
violates laws or our corporate policies. If we fail to effectively manage our existing or future distributors and resellers effectively,
our business and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

Changes to the average selling prices of our products could affect
our net revenue and gross margins and adversely affect results of operations. 

In the past, we have experienced reductions in the average selling prices
and gross margins of our products. We expect competition to continue to increase, and we anticipate this could result in additional downward
pressure on our pricing. Our average selling prices for our products might also decline as a result of other reasons, including promotional
programs introduced by us or our competitors and customers who negotiate price concessions. To the extent we are able to increase prices,
we may experience a decline in sales volumes if customers decide to purchase competitive products. If any of these were to occur, our
gross margins could decline and we might not be able to reduce the cost to manufacture our products enough or at all to keep up with the
decline in prices. 

35 

If we are unable to sell our inventory in a timely manner, it could
become obsolete, which could require us to write-down or write off obsolete inventory, which could harm our operating results. 

At any time, competitive products may be introduced with more attractive
features or at lower prices than ours. If this occurs, and for other reasons, we may not be able to accurately forecast demand for our
products and our inventory levels may increase. There is a risk that we may be unable to sell our inventory in a timely manner to avoid
it becoming obsolete. If we are required to substantially discount our inventory or are unable to sell our inventory in a timely manner,
we would be required to increase our inventory reserves or write off obsolete inventory and our operating results could be substantially
harmed. 

Our failure to compete successfully in our highly competitive market
could result in reduced prices and loss of market share. 

The market in which we operate is intensely competitive, subject to rapid
technological advances and highly sensitive to evolving industry standards. The market can also be affected significantly by new product
and technology introductions and marketing and pricing activities of industry participants. Our products compete directly with products
produced by a number of our competitors. Many of our competitors and potential competitors have greater financial and human resources
for marketing and product development, more experience conducting research and development activities, greater experience obtaining regulatory
approval for new products, larger distribution and customer networks, more established relationships with contract manufacturers and suppliers,
and more established reputations and name recognition. For these and other reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against
our current or potential future competitors. In addition, the amount of competition we face in the marketplace may change and grow as
the market for IoT and machine-to-machine networking solutions grows and new companies enter the marketplace. Present and future competitors
may be able to identify new markets, adapt new technologies, develop and commercialize products more quickly and gain market acceptance
of products with greater success. As a result of these competitive factors, we may fail to meet our business objectives and our business,
financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

Acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or investments
may impair our capital and equity resources, divert our management s attention or otherwise negatively impact our operating results. 

We may pursue acquisitions, strategic partnerships and joint ventures that
we believe would allow us to complement our growth strategy, increase market share in our current markets and expand into adjacent markets,
broaden our technology and intellectual property and strengthen our relationships with distributors, OEMs and ODMs. For instance, we acquired
Maestro, Intrinsyc, the Transition Networks and Net2Edge businesses of Communication Systems, Inc., and Uplogix, Inc. in calendar years
2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Our previous acquisitions have required, and any future acquisition, partnership, joint venture
or investment may also require, that we pay significant cash, issue equity and/or incur substantial debt. Acquisitions, partnerships or
joint ventures may also result in the loss of key personnel and the dilution of existing stockholders to the extent we are required to
issue equity securities. In addition, acquisitions, partnerships or joint ventures require significant managerial attention, which may
be diverted from our other operations. These capital, equity and managerial commitments may impair the operation of our business. Furthermore,
acquired businesses may not be effectively integrated, may be unable to maintain key pre-acquisition business relationships, may not result
in expected synergies, an increase in revenues or earnings or the delivery of new products, may contribute to increased fixed costs, and
may expose us to unanticipated liabilities. If any of these occur, we may fail to meet our business objectives and our business, financial
condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

We may experience difficulties associated with utilizing third-party
logistics providers. 

A portion of our physical inventory management process, as well as the
shipping and receiving of our inventory, is performed by a third-party logistics provider in Hong Kong. There is a possibility that third-party
logistics providers will not perform as expected and we could experience delays in our ability to ship, receive, and process the related
data in a timely manner. This could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and the market price of
our common stock. 

Relying on third-party logistics providers could increase the risk of the
following: failing to receive accurate and timely inventory data, theft or poor physical security of our inventory, inventory damage,
ineffective internal controls over inventory processes or other similar business risks out of our immediate control. 

36 

Risks Related to Technology, Cybersecurity and Intellectual Property 

Cybersecurity breaches and other disruptions could compromise our
information and expose us to liability, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer. 

Increased global information technology security threats and more sophisticated
and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity
of our data. There have been several recent, highly publicized cases in which organizations of various types and sizes have reported the
unauthorized disclosure of customer or other confidential information, as well as cyberattacks involving the dissemination, theft and
destruction of corporate information, intellectual property, cash or other valuable assets. There have also been several highly publicized
cases in which hackers have requested ransom payments in exchange for not disclosing customer or other confidential information
or for not disabling the target company s computer or other systems. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of the
information that we collect and store on our systems is critical to our operations and implementing security measures designed to prevent,
detect, mitigate or correct these or other cybersecurity threats involves significant costs. Although we have taken steps to protect the
security of our information systems, we have, from time to time, experienced, and we expect to continue experiencing, threats to our data
and systems, including malware, phishing and computer virus attacks, and it is possible that in the future our safety and security measures
will not prevent the systems improper functioning or damage, or the improper access or disclosure of personally identifiable information
such as in the event of cyber-attacks. In addition, due to the fast pace and unpredictability of cybersecurity threats, including from
emerging technologies, such as advanced forms of machine learning, AI and quantum computing, long-term implementation plans designed to
address cybersecurity risks become obsolete quickly and, in some cases, it may be difficult to anticipate or immediately detect such incidents
and the damage they cause. Any unauthorized access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings,
disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, which could adversely affect
our business. 

If unauthorized access is obtained to the personal and/or proprietary
data we collect and store, our products become subject to cybersecurity breaches, or if public perception is that they are vulnerable
to cyberattacks, our reputation and business could suffer. 

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive
data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners,
and personally identifiable information of our employees, on our networks and third-party cloud software providers. If there is unauthorized
access to such information, we may incur significant costs or liabilities and lose customer confidence in us, which would harm our reputation
and results of operations. In addition, we could be subject to liability or our reputation could be harmed if technologies integrated
into our products, or our products, fail to prevent cyberattacks, or if our partners or customers fail to safeguard the systems with security
policies that conform to industry best practices. In addition, any cyberattack or security breach that affects a competitor s products
could lead to the negative perception that our solutions are or could be subject to similar attacks or breaches. 

Some of our software offerings may be subject to various cybersecurity
risks, which are particularly acute in the cloud-based technologies operated by us and other third parties that form a part of our solutions.

In connection with certain implementations of our management software platform,
application, and SaaS offerings, we expect to store, convey and process data produced by devices. This data may include confidential or
proprietary information, intellectual property or personally identifiable information of our customers or other third parties with whom
they do business. It is important for us to maintain solutions and related infrastructure that are perceived by our customers and other
parties with whom we do business to provide a reasonable level of reliability and security. Despite available security measures and other
precautions, the infrastructure and transmission methods used by our products and services may be vulnerable to interception, attack or
other disruptive problems. 

If a cyberattack or other security incident were to allow unauthorized
access to or modification of our customers data or our own data, whether due to a failure with our systems or related systems operated
by third parties, we could suffer damage to our brand and reputation. The costs we would incur to address and fix these incidents could
significantly increase our expenses. These types of security incidents could also lead to lawsuits, regulatory investigations and increased
legal liability, including in some cases contractual costs related to customer notification and fraud monitoring. 

37 

Failure to comply with data privacy laws and regulations could have
a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences. 

Certain of our products and services as well as the operations of our business
may involve access or exposure to personally identifiable or otherwise confidential information and customer data and systems, the misuse
or improper disclosure of which could result in legal liability. The collection, hosting, transfer, disclosure, use, storage and security
of personal information is subject to federal, state and foreign data privacy laws. These laws, Privacy and Data Protection Requirements which are not uniform, do one or more of the following: regulate the collection, transfer (including in some cases, the transfer outside
the country of collection), processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal information, and require notice to individuals of privacy
practices and in some cases consent to collection of personal information; give individuals certain access, correction and deletion rights
with respect to their personal information; and prevent the use or disclosure of personal information, or require providing opt-outs for
the use and disclosure of personal information, for secondary purposes such as marketing. Under certain circumstances, some of these laws
require us to provide notification to affected individuals, data protection authorities and/or other regulators in the event of a data
breach. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information among us and our subsidiaries. 

Laws and regulations in this area are evolving and generally becoming more
stringent. For example, the European General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR requires us to meet stringent requirements
regarding (i) our access, use, disclosure, transfer, protection, or otherwise processing of personal information; and (ii) the ability
of data subjects to exercise their related various rights such as to access, correct or delete or limit the use of their personal data.
Under the GDPR and the U.K. s version of the GDPR, information transfers from the European Union and the U.K. to the U.S. are generally
prohibited unless certain measures are followed. The 2018 California Consumer Privacy Act and California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 provide
individuals similar rights with respect to the processing of their personal data. In addition to California, Colorado, Virginia, Utah
and Connecticut previously enacted comprehensive privacy legislation, and in 2023 and 2024, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky,
Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, New Jersey, New Hampshire, Oregon, Rhode Island, Tennessee and Texas enacted such laws. There is also the
possibility of federal privacy legislation and increased enforcement by the Federal Trade Commission under its power to regulate unfair
and deceptive trade practices. Markets in the Asia Pacific region have also recently adopted GDPR-like legislation, including China s
new Personal Information Protection Law. Failure to meet Privacy and Data Protection Law requirements could result in significant civil
penalties (including fines up to 4 of annual worldwide revenue under the GDPR) as well as criminal penalties. Privacy and data protection
law requirements also confer a private right of action in some countries, including under the GDPR. 

As these laws continue to evolve, we may be required to make changes to
our systems, services, solutions and/or products to enable us and/or our clients to meet the new legal requirements, including by taking
on more onerous obligations, limiting our storage, transfer and processing of data and, in some cases, limiting our service and/or solution
offerings in certain locations and our ability to market to customers. Changes in these laws, or the interpretation and application thereof,
may also increase our potential exposure through significantly higher potential penalties for non-compliance. The costs of compliance
with, and other burdens imposed by, such laws and regulations and client demand in this area may limit the use of, or demand for, our
services, solutions and/or products, make it more difficult and costly to meet client expectations, or lead to significant fines, penalties
or liabilities for noncompliance, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If software that we incorporate into our products were to become
unavailable or no longer available on commercially reasonable terms, it could adversely affect sales of our products, which could disrupt
our business and harm our financial results. 

Certain of our products contain software developed and maintained by third-party
software vendors or which are available through the open source software community. We also expect that we may incorporate
software from third-party vendors and open source software in our future products. Our business would be disrupted if this software, or
functional equivalents of this software, were either no longer available to us or no longer offered to us on commercially reasonable terms.
In either case, we would be required to either redesign our products to function with alternate third-party software or open source software,
or develop these components ourselves, which would result in increased costs and could result in delays in our product shipments. Furthermore,
we might be forced to limit the features available in our current or future product offerings. 

38 

Our products may contain undetected software or hardware errors or
defects that could lead to an increase in our costs, reduce our net revenue or damage our reputation. 

We currently offer warranties ranging from one to five years on each of
our products. Our products could contain undetected software or hardware errors or defects. If there is a product failure, we might have
to replace all affected products, or we might have to refund the purchase price for the units. Regardless of the amount of testing we
undertake, some errors might be discovered only after a product has been installed and used by customers. Any errors discovered after
commercial release could result in financial losses and claims against us. Significant product warranty claims against us could harm our
business, reputation and financial results and cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

We may not be able to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual
property rights, which could harm our competitive position or require us to incur significant expenses to enforce our rights. 

We rely primarily on a combination of laws, such as patent, copyright,
trademark and trade secret laws, and contractual restrictions, such as confidentiality agreements and licenses, to establish and protect
our proprietary rights. Despite any precautions that we have taken: 

laws and contractual restrictions might not be sufficient to prevent misappropriation of our technology or deter others from developing similar technologies; 

other companies might claim intellectual property rights based upon prior use that negatively impacts our ability to enforce our trademarks and patents; and 

policing unauthorized use of our patented technology and trademarks is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and we might be unable to determine the extent of this unauthorized use. 

Also, the laws of some of the countries in which we market and manufacture
our products offer little or no effective protection of our proprietary technology. Reverse engineering, unauthorized copying or other
misappropriation of our proprietary technology could enable third parties to benefit from our technology without paying us for it. Consequently,
we may be unable to prevent our proprietary technology from being exploited by others in the U.S. or abroad, which could require costly
efforts to protect our technology. Policing the unauthorized use of our technology, trademarks and other proprietary rights is expensive,
difficult and, in some cases, impracticable. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or defend our intellectual property
rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation could
result in substantial costs and diversion of management resources, either of which could harm our business. Accordingly, despite our efforts,
we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property, which may harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

The impact of natural disasters and other business interruptions
could negatively impact our supply chain and customers resulting in an adverse impact to our revenues and profitability. 

Certain of our components and other materials used in producing our products
are from regions susceptible to natural disasters. A natural disaster could damage equipment and inventory at our suppliers facilities,
adversely affecting our supply chain. If we are unable to obtain these materials, we could experience a disruption to our supply chain
that would hinder our ability to produce our products in a timely manner, or cause us to seek other sources of supply, which may be more
costly or which we may not be able to procure on a timely basis. In addition, our customers may not follow their normal purchasing patterns
or temporarily cease purchasing from us due to impacts to their businesses in the region, creating unexpected fluctuations or decreases
in our revenues and profitability. Natural disasters in other parts of the world on which our operations are reliant also could have material
adverse impacts on our business. 

In addition, our operations and those of our suppliers are vulnerable to
interruption by fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failure, cybersecurity breaches, IT systems failure, terrorist attacks
and other events beyond our control, including the effects of climate change. A substantial portion of our facilities, including our corporate
headquarters and other critical business operations, are located near major earthquake faults and, therefore, may be more susceptible
to damage if an earthquake occurs. We do not carry earthquake insurance for direct earthquake-related losses. If a business interruption
occurs, whether due to a natural disaster or otherwise, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 

39 

Risks Related to Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We maintain cash deposits in excess of federally insured limits.
Adverse developments affecting financial institutions, including bank failures, could adversely affect our liquidity and financial performance. 

We regularly maintain domestic cash deposits in the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation FDIC insured banks, which exceed the FDIC insurance limits. Bank failures, events involving limited liquidity,
defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about such events, may
lead to widespread demands for customer withdrawals and liquidity constraints that may result in market-wide liquidity problems. For example,
in March 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), Signature Bank Corp. and Silvergate Capital Corp. each failed and was taken into
receivership by the FDIC. At that time, we maintained deposits amounting to approximately 85 of our total cash at SVB. While we were
able to regain full access to our deposits with SVB and have taken steps to diversify our banking relationships since then, our loan agreement
with SVB currently requires us to hold 50 of our company-wide cash balances at SVB. Consequently, any future failure of that bank could
simultaneously prevent access to both a substantial portion of our cash holdings and to our credit line for funds needed to meet our working
capital requirements and other financial commitments. Our cash balances are concentrated at a small number of financial institutions.
In addition, current macroeconomic conditions caused turmoil in the banking sector since the failure of SVB. A failure to timely access
our cash on deposit with SVB or other banks could require the scaling back of our operations and production, negatively affect our credit,
and prevent us from fulfilling contractual obligations. Moreover, there can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the FDIC or
other comparable insurance limits will be backstopped by the U.S. or any applicable foreign government in the future or that any bank
or financial institution with which we do business will be able to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions or
by acquisition in the event of a future failure or liquidity crisis, and such uninsured deposits may ultimately be lost. In addition,
if any of the parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds due to the status of their financial institution, such
parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us
could be adversely affected. 

We have a history of losses. 

We have historically incurred net losses. There can be no assurance that
we will generate net profits in future periods. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be cash flow positive in future periods. In
the event that we fail to achieve profitability in future periods, the value of our common stock may decline. In addition, if we
are unable to achieve or maintain positive cash flows, we would be required to seek additional funding, which may not be available on
favorable terms, if at all. 

We may need additional capital and it may not be available on acceptable
terms, or at all. 

To remain competitive, we must continue to make significant investments
to operate our business and develop our products. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the timing and
amount of our net revenue, research and development expenditures, expenses associated with any strategic partnerships or acquisitions
and infrastructure investments, and expenses related to litigation, each of which could negatively affect our ability to generate additional
cash from operations. If cash generated from operations is insufficient to satisfy our working capital requirements, we may need to raise
additional capital. Looking ahead at long-term needs, we may need to raise additional funds for a number of purposes, including, but not
limited to: 

to fund working capital requirements; 

to update, enhance or expand the range of products we offer; 

to refinance existing indebtedness; 

to increase our sales and marketing activities; 

to respond to competitive pressures or perceived opportunities, such as investment, acquisition and international expansion activities; or 

to acquire additional businesses 

40 

We may seek additional capital from public or private offerings of our
capital stock, borrowings under our existing or future credit lines or other sources. If we issue equity or debt securities to raise additional
funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences and privileges
senior to those of our existing stockholders. In addition, if we raise additional funds through collaborations, licensing, joint ventures,
or other similar arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our potential future products or proprietary technologies,
or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise any needed capital on
terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to secure additional financing in sufficient amounts or on favorable terms, we may
not be able to develop or enhance our products, take advantage of future opportunities, respond to competition or continue to operate
our business. 

The terms of our Senior Credit Facilities may restrict our
financial and operational flexibility and, in certain cases, our ability to operate. 

The terms of our existing term loan and revolving credit facility restrict,
among other things, our ability to incur liens, incur indebtedness, dispose of assets, make investments, make certain restricted payments,
merge or consolidate and enter into certain speculative hedging arrangements. Further, we are currently and may in the future be required
to maintain specified financial ratios, including pursuant to a maximum leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio or a minimum
liquidity test. Our ability to meet those financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond our control, and there can be no
assurance that we will meet those tests. Pursuant to our amended credit agreement and the related loan and security agreement, we have
pledged substantially all of our assets to our senior lender, SVB. In addition, our loan agreement with SVB currently requires us to hold
50 of our company-wide cash balances at SVB, which may limit our ability to manage our cash holdings effectively. 

Risks Related to International Operations 

Rising concern regarding international tariffs could materially and
adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The current political landscape has introduced significant uncertainty
with respect to future trade regulations and existing international trade agreements, as shown by the U.S.-initiated renegotiation of
the North America Free Trade Agreement, Brexit in Europe, and the current war between Ukraine and Russia. This uncertainty includes the
possibility of imposing tariffs or penalties on products manufactured outside the U.S., including the U.S. government s increased
tariffs on a range of products from China and subsequent tariffs imposed by the U.S. as well as tariffs imposed by trading partners on
U.S. goods, the potential for increased trade barriers between the U.K. and the European Union, and export controls or other retaliatory
actions against, or restrictions on doing business with Russia, as well as any resulting disruption, instability or volatility in the
global markets and industries resulting from such conflict. The institution of trade tariffs both globally and between the U.S. and China
specifically, carries the risk of negatively affecting the overall economic conditions of both China and the U.S., which could have a
negative impact on us. 

We cannot predict whether, and to what extent, there may be changes to
international trade agreements or whether quotas, duties, tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions on our products will be changed
or imposed. If we are unable to source our products from the countries where we wish to purchase them, either because of regulatory changes
or for any other reason, or if the cost of doing so increases, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. Furthermore, imposition of tariffs may result in local sourcing initiatives, or other developments that make
it more difficult to sell our products in foreign countries, which would negatively impact our business and operating results. 

41 

We face risks associated with our international operations that could
impair our ability to grow our revenues abroad as well as our overall financial condition. 

We believe that our future growth is dependent in part upon our ability
to increase sales in international markets. These sales are subject to a variety of risks, including geopolitical events, fluctuations
in currency exchange rates, tariffs, import restrictions and other trade barriers, unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, longer
accounts receivable payment cycles, potentially adverse tax consequences, and export license requirements. In addition, we are subject
to the risks inherent in conducting business internationally, including political and economic instability and unexpected changes in diplomatic
and trade relationships. In many markets where we operate, business and cultural norms are different than those in the U.S., and practices
that may violate laws and regulations applicable to us such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA unfortunately
are more commonplace. Although we have implemented policies and procedures with the intention of ensuring compliance with these laws and
regulations, our employees, contractors and agents, as well as distributors and resellers involved in our international sales, may take
actions in violation of our policies. Many of our vendors and strategic business allies also have international operations and are subject
to the risks described above. Even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely
affected if one or more of our business partners are not able to successfully manage these risks. There can be no assurance that one or
more of these factors will not have a material adverse effect on our business strategy and financial condition. 

Foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results. 

We are exposed to market risk primarily related to foreign currencies and
interest rates. In particular, we are exposed to changes in the value of the U.S. dollar versus the local currency in which our products
are sold and our services are purchased, including devaluation and revaluation of local currencies. Accordingly, fluctuations in foreign
currency rates could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. 

Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance and Legal Matters 

Our inability to obtain appropriate industry certifications or approvals
from governmental regulatory bodies could impede our ability to grow revenues in our wireless products. 

The sale of our wireless products in some geographical markets is
sometimes dependent on the ability to gain certifications and/or approvals by relevant governmental bodies. In addition, many of our products
are certified as meeting various industry quality and/or compatibility standards. Failure to obtain these certifications or approvals,
or delays in receiving any needed certifications or approvals, could impact our ability to compete effectively or at all in these markets
and could have an adverse impact on our revenues. 

Our failure to comply effectively with regulatory laws pertaining
to our foreign operations could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. 

We are required to comply with U.S. government export regulations in the
sale of our products to foreign customers, including requirements to properly classify and screen our products against a denied parties
list prior to shipment. We are also required to comply with the provisions of the FCPA and all other anti-corruption laws, such as the
U.K. Anti-Bribery Act, of all other countries in which we do business, directly or indirectly, including compliance with the anti-bribery
prohibitions and the accounting and recordkeeping requirements of these laws. Violations of the FCPA or other similar laws could trigger
sanctions, including ineligibility for U.S. government insurance and financing, as well as large fines. Failure to comply with the aforementioned
regulations could also affect our decision to sell our products in international jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect
on our revenues and profitability. 

42 

Our failure to comply effectively with the requirements of applicable
environmental legislation and regulation could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. 

Certain states and countries have passed regulations relating to chemical
substances in electronic products and requiring electronic products to use environmentally friendly components. For example, the European
Union has the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive, the Restrictions of Hazardous Substances Directive, and the Regulation
on Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals. In the future, China and other countries including the U.S. are
expected to adopt further environmental compliance programs. In order to comply with these regulations, we may need to redesign our products
to use different components, which may be more expensive, if they are available at all. If we fail to comply with these regulations, we
may not be able to sell our products in jurisdictions where these regulations apply, which could have a material adverse effect on our
revenues and profitability. 

Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors, customers,
lawmakers, regulators, and other stakeholders regarding environmental, social and governance practices and disclosures may adversely affect
our reputation, adversely impact our ability to attract and retain employees or customers, expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment
community or enforcement authorities or otherwise adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

There is increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors,
customers, lawmakers, regulators, and other stakeholders on environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosures,
including those related to environmental stewardship, climate change, diversity, equity and inclusion, forced labor, racial justice, and
workplace conduct. Regulators have imposed, and likely will continue to impose, ESG-related rules and guidance, which may conflict with
one another and impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. Moreover, certain organizations that provide information
to investors have developed ratings for evaluating companies on their approach to different ESG-related matters, and unfavorable ratings
of us or our industry may lead to negative investor sentiment and the diversion of investment to other companies or industries. As a smaller
company, we may not have resources to meet the evolving ESG-related expectations of an investment community. 

Current or future litigation, including related to intellectual property,
could adversely affect us. 

We are subject to a wide range of claims and lawsuits in the course of
our business. Any lawsuit may involve complex questions of fact and law and may require the expenditure of significant funds and the diversion
of other resources. The results of litigation are inherently uncertain, and adverse outcomes are possible. Adverse outcomes may have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

In particular, litigation regarding intellectual property rights occurs
frequently in our industry. There is a risk that other third parties could claim that our products, or our customers products,
infringe on their intellectual property rights or that we have misappropriated their intellectual property. In addition, software, business
processes and other property rights in our industry might be increasingly subject to third-party infringement claims as the number of
competitors grows and the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps. Other parties might currently have, or might
eventually be issued, patents that pertain to the proprietary rights we use. Any of these third parties might make a claim of infringement
against us. The results of litigation are inherently uncertain, and adverse outcomes are possible. 

43 

Responding to any infringement claim, regardless of its validity, could: 

be time-consuming, costly and/or result in litigation; 

divert management s time and attention from developing our business; 

require us to pay monetary damages, including treble damages if we are held to have willfully infringed; 

require us to enter into royalty and licensing agreements that we would not normally find acceptable; 

require us to stop selling or to redesign certain of our products; or 

require us to satisfy indemnification obligations to our customers. 

If any of these occur, our business, financial condition or results of
operations could be adversely affected. 

General Risk Factors 

High interest rates may negatively impact our results of operations
and financing costs. 

Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our
control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies. In an effort to combat inflation,
a number of central banks around the world, including the U.S., raised interest rates and may continue to raise them in the future. Higher
interest rates may hinder the economic growth in markets where we do business, and has and may continue to have negative impacts on the
global economy. Rising interest rates may lead customers to decrease or delay spending on products and projects, including on products
that we sell, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, higher
interest rates impact the amount of interest we pay for our debt obligations and leases and continue and sustained increases in interest
rates could negatively impact our financing costs or cash flow. 

We previously identified a material weakness
in our internal control related to ineffective information technology general controls which, if not remediated appropriately or timely,
could result in loss of investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price. 

Internal controls related to the operation of technology
systems are critical to maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As disclosed in Part II, Item 9A, during fiscal
2023, management identified a material weakness related to the design and implementation of information technology general controls related
to the Company s information systems that are relevant to the preparation of consolidated financial statements. Specifically, we
did not design and maintain user access controls to adequately restrict user access to the financial application and data to appropriate
Company personnel. As a result, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30,
2023 and June 30, 2024. We have implemented remedial measures and expect to remediate the material weakness prior to the end of fiscal
2025. If we are unable to remediate the material weakness, or are otherwise unable to maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare
financial statements within required time periods, could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations
requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements
and adversely impact our stock price. 

44 

If we are unable to attract, retain or motivate key senior management
and technical personnel, it could materially harm our business. 

Our financial performance depends substantially on the performance of our
executive officers and of key engineers, marketing and sales employees. We are particularly dependent upon our technical personnel, due
to the specialized technical nature of our business. If we were to lose the services of our executive officers or any of our key personnel
and were not able to find replacements in a timely manner, our business could be disrupted, other key personnel might decide to leave,
and we might incur increased operating expenses associated with finding and compensating replacements. 

Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate, which could cause
the market price of our common stock to decline. 

We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, significant
fluctuations in net revenue, expenses and operating results from quarter to quarter. We therefore believe that quarter to quarter comparisons
of our operating results are not a good indication of our future performance, and you should not rely on them to predict our future operating
or financial performance or the future performance of the market price of our common stock. A high percentage of our operating expenses
are relatively fixed and are based on our forecast of future revenue. If we were to experience an unexpected reduction in net revenue
in a quarter, we would likely be unable to adjust our short-term expenditures significantly. If this were to occur, our operating results
for that fiscal quarter would be harmed. In addition, if our operating results in future fiscal quarters were to fall below the expectations
of equity analysts and investors, the market price of our common stock would likely fall. 

The market price of our common stock may be volatile based on a number
of factors, many of which are not under our control. 

The market price of our common stock has been highly volatile. The market
price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, many of which are out of our control,
including: 

adverse changes in domestic or global economic, market and other conditions; 

new products or services offered by our competitors; 

our completion of or failure to complete significant one-time sales of our products; 

actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 

changes in financial estimates by securities analysts; 

announcements of technological innovations; 

our announcement of significant mergers, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

conditions or trends in the industry; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

increased competition from industry consolidation; and 

sales of common stock by our stockholders or us or repurchases of common stock by us. 

In addition, the Nasdaq Capital Market often experiences price and volume
fluctuations. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies listed on the
Nasdaq Capital Market. 

45 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 

Insider Trading Arrangements 

During the quarter
ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of
Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

Provided 
 Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 

Filing 
 Date 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Lantronix, Inc., as amended 

10-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 08/29/2013 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Lantronix, Inc. 

8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 11/15/2012 

10.1 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated September 3, 2024 among Lantronix, Inc., Lantronix Holding Company, Lantronix Canada, ULC and Lantronix Technologies Canada (Taiwan) Ltd., Transition Networks, Inc., Uplogix, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 

10-K 
 
 10.42 
 
 09/09/2024 

10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement dated September 14, 2024 between Lantronix, Inc. and Brent Stringham 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 09/16/2024 

10.3 
 
 Lantronix, Inc. 2020 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/06/2024 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

32.1+ 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 
 X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

_________________ 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 + 
 Furnished, not filed. 

46 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

Date: November 8, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ SALEEL AWSARE 

Saleel Awsare 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ BRENT STRINGHAM 

Brent Stringham 

Chief Accounting Officer
and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 lantronix_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Saleel Awsare, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lantronix, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2024 
 /s/ Saleel Awsare 

Saleel Awsare 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 lantronix_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Brent Stringham, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lantronix, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2024 
 /s/ Brent Stringham 

Brent Stringham 
 Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Chief 
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 lantronix_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The following certifications are being furnished solely
to accompany the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report pursuant to
U.S.C. Section 1350, and pursuant to SEC Release No. 33-8238 are being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
rather than filed either as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure statement, and are not to be incorporated by
reference into the Report or any other filing of Lantronix, Inc. (the Company ), whether made before or after the date hereof,
regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. The following certifications shall not be deemed filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability under that section. 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge,
that: 

(i) the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented
in such Report. 

Date: November 8, 2024 
 /s/ Saleel Awsare 

Saleel Awsare 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge,
that: 

(i) the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented
in such Report. 

Date: November 8, 2024 
 /s/ Brent Stringham 

Brent Stringham 
 Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Chief 
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 ltrx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 ltrx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 ltrx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 ltrx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

