<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1846235_0001213900-24-097561.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5303726</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>179097</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1129428</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>955777</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1407233</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1550153</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097561.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113170029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097561
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			International Media Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001846235
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE PRODUCTION [7812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40687
		FILM NUMBER:		241455431

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1604 HWY 130
		CITY:			NORTH BRUNSWICK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08902
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2129603677

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1604 HWY 130
		CITY:			NORTH BRUNSWICK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08902

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097561.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ea0218941-10q_internat.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to
_________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (IRS Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices and zip
code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

N/A 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None None None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As
of November 13, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and March 31, 2024 (audited) 
 
 1 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 
 
 2 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 
 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 
 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 5 

Item 2. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 30 

Item 3. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 42 

Item 4. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 42 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 43 

Item 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 43 

Item 2. 
 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 48 

Item 3. 
 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 48 

Item 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 48 

Item 5. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 48 

Item 6. 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 
 49 

SIGNATURES 
 
 50 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including,
without limitation, statements in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for
future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, 
 anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and
expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or
future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors
could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the
forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on August 8, 2024 and the Company s final prospectus for its initial public offering filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021. The
Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . Except as
expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

ii 

PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
2024 (Unaudited) 
 March 31, 
2024 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 
 -

Other receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Promissory note- related party 

Loan - JC Unify 

Excise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Warrant liability 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments (see Note 6) 

Common stock subject to possible redemption: shares issued and outstanding at and redemption value as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 975,530 shares subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

1 

INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Six Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expense 

Loss from operations 

Liabilities written back 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Interest and dividend income on investments held in trust account 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

2 

INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance at March 31, 2024 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Remeasurement of Common Stock Subject to Redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2024 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Remeasurement of Common Stock Subject to Redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at September 30, 2024 

-

For the Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance at March 31, 2023 

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Remeasurement of Common Stock Subject to Redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2023 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Remeasurement of Common Stock Subject to Redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at September 30, 2023 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

3 

INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Six Months Ended 
 September 30 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest and dividend income on investments held in trust account 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from trust account to pay franchise tax 
 -

Cash withdrawn from trust account in connection with redemption 
 -

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from loan - JC Unify 
 
 -

Proceeds from promissory note - related party 
 -

Redemption of common stock 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash - Beginning of period 

Cash - End of period 
 -

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Accretion of Public Shares to redemption value 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

4 

INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

or more businesses (a Business Combination ). The Company is
not limited to a particular industry or geographic region (excluding China) for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The
Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early
stage and emerging growth companies. 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had not commenced any operations. All activities for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024,
are related to the Company s formation and initial public offering Initial Public Offering ), which is described below,
and identifying a target Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business
Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest and dividend income from the proceeds
derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company had selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. On August 16, 2022, the board of
directors of IMAQ approved a change to the Company s fiscal year end from December 31 to March 31, in accordance with the Company s
Bylaws and effective for the fiscal year beginning April 1, 2022. The Company s 2023 fiscal year began on April 1, 2022, and ended
on March 31, 2023 Fiscal 2023 ). The Company filed a Transition Report on Form 10-QT that included financial information
for the Transition Period with the SEC on September 29, 2022. The Company s 2021 fiscal year began on January 1, 2021 and ended
on December 31, 2021 Fiscal 2021 ). There was no Fiscal 2022. 

The registration statement
filed in connection with the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on July 28, 2021. On August 2, 2021, the Company
consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of
 , which is discussed in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Units ), at a price of 
per Private Unit in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, Content Creation Media LLC (the Sponsor ), generating
gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

On August 6, 2021, in connection
with the underwriters exercise in full of their option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if
any, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Units, generating gross proceeds of . 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Units, at a price of 
per Private Unit, in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 

Following the closing of the
Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units, a total of was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and was invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of days or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the
earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described
below. 

5 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption
rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s rights or warrants. The Public Shares subject
to redemption are recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in
accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). 

If the Company seeks stockholder
approval and assuming a quorum is present at the meeting, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of common stock present in
person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the meeting are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote
is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant
to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required
by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in
conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder
approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor and the other holders of the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) have
agreed to vote their Founder Shares, their Private Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial
Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or don t vote at all. 

Notwithstanding the above,
if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more
than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The Sponsor and the other
initial stockholders (as defined in Note 5) have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private
Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination, (b) to waive their liquidation rights
with respect to their Founder Shares and Private Shares if the Company fails to complete (a Business Combination and (c) not to propose,
or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of
the Company s obligation to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 12 months
(or up to 18 months if the Company extends the period of time) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, unless the Company provides
the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. However, if the Sponsor
and the other initial stockholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period
(as defined below). 

The Company initially had
12 months (or up to 18 months if the Company extends the period of time) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to complete a
Business Combination (the Combination Period ). On July 27, 2022, IMAQ held a special of stockholders (the July 2022
Special Meeting ). As approved by its stockholders at the July 2022 Special Meeting, the Company filed a certificate of amendment
to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the July 2022 Charter Amendment which became effective upon filing.
The July 2022 Charter Amendment extended the date by which IMAQ must consummate an initial business combination to allow the Company to
extend two times for an additional three months each time, or from August 2, 2022 to February 2, 2023. On January 27, 2023, IMAQ held
a special meeting of stockholders (the January 2023 Special Meeting ). As approved by its stockholders at the January 2023
Special Meeting, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the January
2023 Charter Amendment which became effective upon filing. The January 2023 Charter Amendment extended the date by which IMAQ must
consummate an initial business combination for an additional three (3) months, from February 2, 2023 to May 2, 2023, with an ability to
further extend by three (3) additional one (1) month periods until August 2, 2023. 

6 

is made
into the Trust Account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering. Stockholders also approved an amendment
to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the NTA Charter Amendment to expand the methods by which the
Company may avoid being deemed a penny stock under the Rule 419 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

If the Company is unable to
complete a Business Combination within the Amended Combination Period (as defined below), the Company will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than business thereafter, redeem of
the outstanding Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s
remaining holders of common stock and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to
the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s rights and warrants, which will expire worthless
if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Amended Combination Period. 

The underwriters have agreed
to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does
not complete a Business Combination within the Amended Combination Period, and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the
other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering
price per Unit ). 

In order to protect the amounts
held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services
rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) per Public Share or (2) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than per Public Share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party
who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to
reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all
vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or
other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

7 

of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Target Company from Risee in a series of transactions (collectively,
the Stock Acquisition ). The aggregate purchase price for the shares of the Target Company under the SPA is ,
and in addition, the Company also agreed to make a primary investment into the Target Company in the amount of , which will
be used solely for the purposes of repayment of inter-company loans aggregating to as existing on the books of the Target
Company at the initial closing of the Stock Acquisition. 

Pursuant to Section 12.1(a)
of the SPA, wherein in the event of the Initial Closing (as defined in the SPA) has not occurred by the Outside Closing Date (as defined
in the SPA) either Risee or the Target Company or the Company has the right to terminate the SPA. Risee terminated the SPA with immediate
effect, and the Target Company and the Company acknowledged and accepted the termination letter dated October 25, 2023 received by the
Company on October 26, 2023, without any liability to any of the parties involved. 

Securities Purchase Agreement 

On November 10, 2023, the
Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with JC Unify Capital (Holdings) Limited, a BVI company JC Unify 
or the Buyer ), the Sponsor, and Shibasish Sarkar, Seller , together with the Sponsor
the Sellers ), and as amended on January 31, 2024 (the Securities Purchase Agreement ), pursuant
to which the Sponsor agreed to sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase, Founder Shares and private placement units of
the Company, which represents of the total Company Securities (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) owned by the Sponsor
for an aggregate purchase price of . 

On January 31, 2024, the
Company entered into the First Amendment to the Securities Purchase Agreement (the First Amendment with the
Sponsor, Buyer and Sellers, that amended and modified the Securities Purchase Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, (i) the
Sponsor agreed to sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase, shares of common stock and private placement units of the
Company, which represents of the total company securities owned by the Sponsor, (ii) the Sellers shall deliver the termination
of indemnity agreements of Shibasish Sarkar and Vishwas Joshi, and resignations of all of the officer and directors of the SPAC, other
than the officer and director(s) as mutually agreed, whose resignations shall be effective on the 10th day following the mailing to stockholders
of a Schedule 14F or proxy statement pursuant to the rules of the SEC advising stockholders of a Change in Control of the Board of Directors
(iii) in connection with the issuance of a promissory note by the Buyer to the Company, the SPAC shall issue (i) new
units and shares of common stock from the Company at the closing of a business combination, (iv) out of the fee due
to Chardan Capital Markets LLC (the Chardan ), shall be rebated via wire transfer from the Chardan to the
Sponsor at the Closing, (v) the Sellers and the Buyer agree and acknowledge that the Company shall purchase directors and officers 
insurance for the officers or directors of the Company that is serving or has served as an officer or director of the SPAC prior to the
signing of the SPA Initial Officers and Directors with coverage of million for an one (1) year, covering the period
from July 26, 2023 to July 26, 2024, and (vi) the Company will use best efforts to include a provision in the definitive business combination
agreement, stipulating that the potential target will refrain from initiating any legal action against Initial Officers and Directors
of the Company, except in the event of fraud, negligence or bad faith prior to their resignations. 

8 

(the January 2024 Promissory
Note to the Buyer. Pursuant to the January 2024 Promissory Note, the Buyer agreed to loan to the Company an aggregate amount of
up to . The January 2024 Promissory Note shall be payable promptly on demand and in any event, no later than the date on which
the Company terminates or consummates an initial business combination. Such January 2024 Promissory Note is convertible into units having
the same terms and conditions as the private placement units as described in the Prospectus, at the price of per unit, at the option
of the Buyer. The January 2024 Promissory Note does not bear interest. As additional consideration for the Buyer making the January 2024
Promissory Note available to the Company, the Company shall issue to the Buyer (a) new units at the closing of the Business Combination,
which shall be identical in all respects to the private placement units issued at the Company s initial public offering (the New
Units ), and (b) shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Additional Securities of which (i) of
the Additional Securities shall be subject to no transfer restrictions or any other lock-up provisions, earn outs or other contingencies,
and shall be registered for resale pursuant to the first registration statement filed by the Company or the surviving entity in connection
with the closing of the Business Combination, or if no such registration statement is filed in connection with the closing of the Business
Combination, the first registration statement filed subsequent to the closing of the Business Combination, which will be filed no later
than 30 days after the closing of the Business Combination and declared effective no later than 60 days after the closing of the Business
Combination; and (ii) of the Additional Securities shall be subject to the same terms and conditions applied to the insider shares
described in the Prospectus. The Additional Securities and New Units shall be issued to the Buyer in conjunction with the closing of a
Business Combination. 

Annual Meeting 

On February 13, 2024, the
Company held its annual meeting of shareholders (the Annual Meeting ). At the Annual Meeting, Sanjay Wadhwa and Shibasish
Sarkar were appointed as Class I directors with a term expiring at the Company s annual general meeting to be held in 2025; Claudius
Tsang and Yu-Ping Edward Tsai were appointed as Class II directors with a term expiring at the Company s annual meeting to be held
in 2026; and Daung-Yen Lu, Yao Chin Chen, and Chih Young Hung were appointed as Class III directors with a term expiring at the Company s
annual meeting to be held in 2027. 

Issuance of Unsecured Promissory Note B 

On February 27, 2024, the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to (the Promissory Note B to JC Unify Capital (Holdings) Limited. Pursuant to Promissory Note B, the Buyer agreed to loan to the Company an aggregate amount of
up to . The Promissory Note B shall be payable promptly on demand and in any event, no later than the date on which the Company
terminates or consummates an initial business combination. The Promissory Note B is convertible into units having the same terms and conditions
as the private placement units as described in the Prospectus at the price of per unit, at the option of the Buyer. The Promissory
Note B does not bear interest. The proceeds of Promissory Note B will be used by the Company to pay various expenses of the Company, including
any payment to extend the period of time the Company has to consummate an initial business combination, and for working capital purposes. 

Issuance of Unsecured Promissory Note C 

On February 27, 2024, the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to (the Promissory Note C to JC Unify. Pursuant to Promissory Note C, JC Unify agreed to loan to the Company an aggregate amount of up to . The Promissory
Note C shall be payable promptly on demand and in any event, no later than the date on which the Company terminates or consummates an
initial business combination. The Promissory Note C does not bear interest and is convertible into units having the same terms and conditions
as the private placement units as described in the Prospectus, at the price of per unit, at the option of the Buyer. 

On June 28, 2024, the Company
entered into amendments to the January 2024 Promissory Note, Promissory Note B and Promissory Note C (the January 2024 Promissory Note,
Promissory Note B and Promissory Note C are collectively referred to as the Prior Notes with JC Unify Capital (Holdings)
Limited (the Amendments to the Promissory Notes ). Pursuant to the Amendments to the Promissory Notes, JC Unify Capital
(Holdings) Limited has the right to convert the Prior Notes into units consisting of share of Common Stock of the Company
and right to receive one-twentieth of share of Common Stock of the Company (together, the Conversion
Securities ), with no fractional Conversion Securities to be issued upon conversion, and the Prior Notes to be converted immediately
prior to the closing of the Business Combination. The Amendments to the Promissory Notes also amended the events of default, so that the
failure of the Company to issue Conversion Securities constitutes a failure to make required payments, constituting an event of default. 

9 

for each three-month extension. In connection with the proposal, the Company s
public stockholders had the right to redeem their shares of common stock for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
on deposit in the Trust Account as of two days prior to such stockholder vote. Public stockholders holding shares of the Company s
common stock (out of a total of shares of common stock held by public stockholders) exercised their right to redeem such shares
at a redemption price of approximately per share. On August 7, 2023 public stockholders holding shares of the Company s
common stock (out of a total of shares of common stock held by public stockholders) exercised their right to redeem such shares
at a redemption price of approximately per share. 

As previously disclosed, stockholders
at the January 2024 Special Meeting approved the Extension Charter Amendment to extend the deadline by which IMAQ must consummate an initial
business combination for twelve (12) additional one (1) month periods from January 2, 2024 to January 2, 2025. In connection with the
Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders elected to redeem an aggregate of shares of common stock at a redemption price
of approximately per share. 

On July 26, 2022, the extension
payment of was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the August 2, 2022, deadline to November
2, 2022. 

On October 28, 2022, a second
extension payment of was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the November 2, 2022, deadline
to February 2, 2023. 

On February 3, 2023,
the third extension payment of was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the February 2,
2023, deadline to May 2, 2023. 

On June 1, 2023, a fourth
partial extension payment of was deposited by the Sponsor into the Company s Trust Account to extend the May 2, 2023, deadline
to August 2, 2023. 

On June 23, 2023, fifth partial
extension payment of was deposited by the Company into the Company s Trust Account to extend the May 2, 2023, deadline
to August 2, 2023. 

On July 11, 2023, sixth partial
extension payment of was deposited by the Company into the Company s Trust Account to extend the May 2, 2023, deadline
to August 2, 2023. 

The Company has made the monthly
deposit into the Trust Account of for the monthly extension, from August 2, 2023 until January 2, 2024. 

On each of January 2, 2024,
February 1, 2024, March 6, 2024, April 5, 2024, April 29, 2024, May 28, 2024, June 25, 2024, August 5, 2024 , September 4, 2024, September
27, 2024 and October 28, 2024, the Company made a deposit of to the trust account to extend the period of time the Company has
to consummate an initial business combination from January 2, 2024 to December 2, 2024. 

10 

11 

and a working capital
deficit of . Accumulated deficit balances were and as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively.
On January 31, 2024, February 27, 2024 and February 27, 2024, the Company issued three unsecured promissory notes, the January 2024 Promissory
Note, the Promissory Note B and the Promissory Note C in the aggregate principal amount of up to , 530,00 and , respectively,
to JC Unify. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company
and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. The Company may need to obtain additional
financing either to complete its Business Combination or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares
upon consummation of its Business Combination, in which case, subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, the Company may issue
additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of
going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management
has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, if the Company
is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Amended Combination Period (January 2, 2025), the Company s board of directors
would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s
plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Amended Combination Period. As a result, management has determined
that such an additional condition also raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The
financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management is currently evaluating
the impact of persistent inflation and rising interest rates, financial market instability, including recent bank failure, the lingering
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and certain geopolitical events, including the conflict in Ukraine and the surrounding region and
the Israel-Hamas war, and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the risks and uncertainties related to or resulting
from these events could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for
a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these risks and uncertainties. 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S.
federal excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and
certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares
repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted
to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable
year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been
given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act
applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

Any redemption or other repurchase
that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise
tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote
or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection
with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any
 PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business
Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance
from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics
of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand
to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

As a result of the redemptions
by the public stockholders in August 2023 and January 2024, the Company recorded total excise tax liability as of September 30,
2024. During the second quarter of 2024, the Internal Revenue Service issued final regulations with respect to the timing and payment
of the Excise Tax. Pursuant to those regulations, the Company would need to file a return and remit payment for any liability incurred
during the period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 on or before October 31, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the excise tax return
for the calendar year 2023 has not been filed. The Company is currently evaluating its options with respect to payment of this obligation.
If the Company is unable to pay its obligation in full, it will be subject to additional interest and penalties which are currently estimated
at interest per annum and a underpayment penalty per month or portion of a month up to of the total liability for any amount
that is unpaid from November 1, 2024 until paid in full. 

12 

and and none in cash equivalents
as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. 

days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities
and generally have a readily determinable fair value, or a combination thereof. When the Company s investments held in the Trust
Account are comprised of U.S. government securities, the investments are classified as trading securities. When the Company s investments
held in the Trust Account are comprised of money market funds, the investments are recognized at fair value. Trading securities and investments
in money market funds are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting
from the change in the fair value of these securities are reported in the statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments
held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. The Company had and in Trust Account as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. 

13 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights 

Issuance costs allocated to common stock 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, March 31, 2022 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Less: 

Redemption 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, March 31, 2023 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Less: 

Redemption 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, March 31, 2024 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

14 

as a result of the Initial Public Offering (consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred
underwriting fees, and of other offering costs). The Company recorded of offering costs as a reduction of temporary
equity in connection with the Public Shares. The Company recorded as a reduction of permanent equity in connection with the
Public Warrants, Public Rights, Private Shares and Private Rights. The Company immediately expensed of offering costs in connection
with the Private Warrants that were classified as liabilities. 

and for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate differs
from the federal and state statutory rates of and , respectively, for the period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, due to the valuation
allowance recorded on the Company s net operating losses, changes in the fair value of warrant liability and state income taxes
net of federal benefit. 

15 

shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence
of future events. 

Denominators: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management
believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

16 

17 

Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Unit consists
of share of common stock, right Public Right and redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public
Right entitles the holder to receive one-twentieth of share of common stock at the closing of a Business Combination (see Note 8).
Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase three-fourths of share of common stock at an exercise price of per whole
share (see Note 7). 

On August 6, 2021, in connection
with the underwriters exercise in full of their option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if
any, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 

Private Units at a price of per Private Unit 
in the aggregate). Each Private Unit consists of one share of common stock Private Share ), one right Private Right and one warrant Private Warrant ). Each Private Right entitles the holder to receive one-twentieth of one share of common
stock at the closing of a Business Combination (see Note 8 ). at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). 

The proceeds from the Private
Units was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Amended Combination Period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of
the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Units and all underlying securities will be worthless.
There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Rights and Private
Warrants. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Units at a price of 
per Private Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 

to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for the issuance of share of common
stock (the Founder Shares ). The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares of common stock subject to
forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor
would own, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (not including
the Private Units and underlying securities and assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering).
On August 6, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, thus these shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The Sponsor and the
other holders of the Founder Shares (the initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the
Founder Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect to of the Founder Shares, the earlier of six months
after the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Company s
common stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within a -trading day period following the consummation of
an initial Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining of the Founder Shares, six months after the date of the
consummation of an initial Business Combination, or earlier in each case if, subsequent to an initial Business Combination, the
Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s
stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

18 

Founder Shares to each director, subject to and
upon closing of the Company s initial business combination. As such, under ASC 718, these shares are transferred subject to a performance
condition and compensation expense will be recognized at the date of a business combination when earned. 

On July 22, 2021, the Sponsor
sold of its Founder Shares to each of its five independent directors (the Directors (or Founder Shares in
total) for cash consideration of approximately per. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company
recognized compensation expense in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share less
the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Directors was determined
to be as of July 22, 2021. As such, the Company recognized compensation expense of within stock-based compensation expense
in the Company s Statements of Operations for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

On September 17, 2021, the
Sponsor sold of its Founder Shares to an additional independent director (the Additional Director for consideration
of approximately per. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company recognized compensation expense
in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share less the amount initially received
for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Additional Director was determined to be 
as of September 17, 2021. As such, the Company recognized compensation expense of within stock-based compensation expense in
the Company s Statements of Operations for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

On September 17, 2021, the
Sponsor sold of its Founder Shares to an independent consultant (the Consultant for consideration of approximately
 per. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company recognized compensation expense in an amount
equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share less the amount initially received for the purchase
of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Consultant was determined to be as of September 17, 2021.
As such, the Company recognized compensation expense of within stock-based compensation expense in the Company s Statements
of Operations for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

On November 10, 2023, the
Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Buyer , the Sponsor, and Shibasish Sarkar, Seller ,
together with the Sponsor the Sellers ), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase,
 Founder Shares and private placement units of the Company, which represents of the total Company Securities (as
defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) owned by the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of . 

Promissory Notes - Related Party 

On February 1, 2021, the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Initial Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the
Company could borrow up to an aggregate of to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. On April 6, 2021, and
June 17, 2021, the Company issued additional unsecured promissory notes to the Sponsor (the Additional Promissory
Notes and, together with the Initial Promissory Note , the IPO Promissory Notes ), pursuant to
which the Company may borrow up to an additional aggregate principal amount of . The IPO Promissory Notes were non-interest
bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) March 31, 2022, or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding
balance under the Promissory Notes was repaid on August 6, 2021. 

On January 14, 2022, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Post-IPO Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company could borrow
up to an aggregate of in two installments of (i) during the month of March 2022, and (ii) during the month
of June 2022 at the Company s discretion. The Post-IPO Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date
on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. 

On March 29, 2022, the Company
amended and restated the Post-IPO Promissory Note, such that the aggregate amount the Company can borrow at its discretion under the note
increased from in two installments as described above, to up to in three installments of (i) up to no later
than February 28, 2022, (ii) up to no later than April 30, 2022, and (iii) up to no later than June 30, 2022. No other
terms were amended pursuant to this amendment and restatement. 

19 

in three installments of (i) up to no later than July 31, 2022, (ii) up to no
later than October 31, 2022, and (iii) up to no later than January 31, 2023, at the Company s discretion. The August 2022
Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. 

On November 18, 2022, the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the November 2022 Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company
may borrow up to an aggregate of no later than March 31, 2023, at the Company s discretion. The November 2022 Promissory
Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. 

On February 14, 2023, the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the February 2023 Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company
may borrow up to an aggregate amount of up to in four installments of (i) up to no later than February 28, 2023, (ii)
up to no later than March 31, 2023, (iii) up to no later than April 30, 2023, and (iv) up to no later than July
31, 2023, upon the request by the Company at the Company s discretion. The February 2023 Promissory Note is non-interest bearing
and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. 

As of September 30, 2024 and
March 31, 2024, was outstanding under all the promissory notes for both periods. 

Promissory Notes JC Unify 

On January 31, 2024, the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to (the January 2024
Promissory Note to JC Unify. Pursuant to the January 2024 Promissory Note, JC Unify agreed to loan to the Company an
aggregate amount of up to . The January 2024 Promissory Note shall be payable promptly on demand and in any event, no
later than the date on which the Company terminates or consummates an initial business combination. Such January 2024 Promissory
Note is convertible into units having the same terms and conditions as the private placement units as described in the prospectus
dated July 28, 2021 (Registration NO. 333-255106) (the Prospectus at the price of per unit, at the option of
the Buyer. The January 2024 Promissory Note does not bear interest. As additional consideration for the Buyer making the January
2024 Promissory Note available to the Company, the Company shall issue to the Buyer (a) new units at the closing of the
Business Combination, which shall be identical in all respects to the private placement units issued at the Company s initial
public offering (the New Units ), and (b) shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Additional
Securities of which (i) of the Additional Securities shall be subject to no transfer restrictions or any other
lock-up provisions, earn outs or other contingencies, and shall be registered for resale pursuant to the first registration
statement filed by the Company or the surviving entity in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, or if no such
registration statement is filed in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the first registration statement filed
subsequent to the closing of the Business Combination, which will be filed no later than 30 days after the closing of the Business
Combination and declared effective no later than 60 days after the closing of the Business Combination; and (ii) of the
Additional Securities shall be subject to the same terms and conditions applied to the insider shares described in the Prospectus.
The Additional Securities and New Units shall be issued to the Buyer in conjunction with the closing of a Business Combination. 

On February 27, 2024, the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to (the Promissory Note B to JC Unify. Pursuant to Promissory Note B, JC Unify agreed to loan to the Company an aggregate amount of up to . The Promissory
Note B shall be payable promptly on demand and in any event, no later than the date on which the Company terminates or consummates an
initial business combination. The Promissory Note B is convertible into units having the same terms and conditions as the private placement
units as described in the Prospectus, at the price of per unit, at the option of the Buyer. Promissory Note B does not bear interest.
The proceeds of Promissory Note B will be used by the Company to pay various expenses of the Company, including any payment to extend
the period of time the Company has to consummate an initial business combination, and for working capital purposes. 

20 

(the Promissory Note C to JC Unify Capital (Holdings) Limited. The Promissory Note C shall be payable promptly on demand and in any event, no later than the
date on which the Company terminates or consummates an initial business combination. The Promissory Note C is convertible into units having
the same terms and conditions as the private placement units as described in the Prospectus, at the price of per unit, at the option
of the Buyer. The Promissory Note C does not bear interest. The proceeds of the Note will be used by the Company to pay various expenses
of the Company, including any payment to extend the period of time the Company has to consummate an initial business combination, and
for working capital purposes. 

On June 28, 2024, the Company
entered into amendments to the January 2024 Promissory Note, Promissory Note B and Promissory Note C (the January 2024 Promissory Note,
Promissory Note B and Promissory Note C are collectively referred to as the Prior Notes with JC Unify Capital (Holdings)
Limited (the Amendments to the Promissory Notes ). Pursuant to the Amendments to the Promissory Notes, JC Unify Capital
(Holdings) Limited has the right to convert the Prior Notes into units consisting of one share of Common Stock of the Company
and one right to receive one-twentieth of one share of Common Stock of the Company (together, the Conversion
Securities ), with no fractional Conversion Securities to be issued upon conversion, and the Prior Notes to be converted immediately
prior to the closing of the Business Combination. The Amendments to the Promissory Notes also amended the events of default, so that the
failure of the Company to issue Conversion Securities constitutes a failure to make required payments, constituting an event of default. 

As of September 30, 2024 and
March 31, 2024, total loans outstanding were and , respectively. 

Due to Related Party 

The Company received additional
funds from the Sponsor to finance term extension fees. As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the amount due to related party was
 for both periods. 

Loan Transfer Agreement 

On January 26, 2023, the
Company entered into a Loan and Transfer Agreement (the Loan Agreement ), with the Sponsor and the lender named therein
(the Lender ), pursuant to which the Sponsor is permitted to borrow (the Initial Loan and
 per month, at the Sponsor s discretion (each a Monthly Loan and collectively with the Initial Loan, the
 Loan which will in turn be loaned by the Sponsor to the Company, to cover certain extension payments to the trust
account of the Company. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Loan shall be payable within five (5) days of the date on which Company
consummates its de-SPAC transaction. 

As additional consideration
for the Lender making the Initial Loan available to Sponsor, the Company shall issue shares of Common Stock to the Lender (the
 Initial Securities ), and as additional consideration for the lender making each Monthly Loan available to Sponsor, the Company
shall issue shares of Common Stock to Lender for each Monthly Loan. Such securities shall be subject to no transfer restrictions
or any other lock-up provisions, earn outs or other contingencies, and shall promptly be registered pursuant to the first registration
statement filed by the Company or the surviving entity following the de-SPAC Closing in connection with the de-SPAC Closing, or if no
such registration statement is filed in connection with the de-SPAC Closing, the first registration statement filed subsequent to the
de-SPAC Closing, which will be filed no later than 45 days after the de-SPAC Closing and declared effective no later than 90 days after
the de-SPAC Closing. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

The Company entered into an
agreement, commencing on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, to pay the Sponsor up to a total of per month for
office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of a Business Combination or liquidation, the Company will cease paying
these monthly fees. In April 2023 the agreement was terminated and the amount due was waived. Since then, no further payment has accrued
or paid under this agreement. As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, no amount was outstanding. 

21 

of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business Combination entity
at a price of per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Units. 

As of September 30, 2024 and
March 31, 2024, the Company had no borrowings under the related party loans. 

per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or 
in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and full exercise of the over-allotment option. In addition, per
Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting
commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that
the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

On November 13, 2023, the
Company entered into an agreement with Chardan, whereby Chardan agreed to receive, either in cash or in shares of common stock of the
post-Business Combination company at the Company s discretion in accordance with the agreement and term sheet signed on November
13, 2023, as full and final satisfaction of all and any Service Fees owed to Chardan by the Company. The payment will be made concurrently
with the closing of the Business Combination. 

22 

, subject to the Company successfully
completing a Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company
has agreed to pay Mr. Joshi . On July 21, 2023, the Company extended the tenure of the agreement from July 27, 2023 to September
30, 2023 with no further extension. The Company accrued service fees as of September 30, 2023. On November 9, 2023, the Company
entered into an agreement with Mr. Joshi, whereby Mr. Joshi agreed to receive shares of common stock of the post-Business Combination
company in full and final satisfaction of all obligations owed to Mr. Joshi by the Company. The payment will be made concurrently with
the closing of the Business Combination. The Company accrued service fees as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024. 

Consulting Agreement 

On May 5, 2021, the
Company engaged Ontogeny Capital LTD Ontogeny (the Ontogeny Consulting Agreement to act as a
management consulting and corporate advisor in the preparation of corporate strategies, management support and business plans for
the Company. The Company paid Ontogeny at the time of signing the engagement agreement and upon the initial
confidential filing of the Company s registration statement. The Company paid Ontogeny an aggregate of upon the
closing of the Initial Public Offering and exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. In addition, upon the
consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination, the Company has agreed to pay Ontogeny for certain
management consulting and corporate advisory services. 

On February 14, 2023, the
Company entered into an agreement with Ontogeny, whereby Ontogeny and the Company mutually agreed to termination the Ontogeny PIPE Agreement
and release each other from any and all responsibilities and obligations relating to the Ontogeny PIPE Agreement. Since termination, no
further payment accrued or paid under the Ontogeny PIPE Agreement. 

On November 10, 2023, the
Company entered into an agreement with Ontogeny, whereby Ontogeny agreed to receive shares of common stock of the post-Business
Combination company in accordance with the Ontogeny Consulting Agreement, as full and final satisfaction of all obligations owed to Ontogeny
by the Company. The payment will be made concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination. 

On September 17, 2021, the
Company entered into a consulting agreement, effective as of September 1, 2021, with F. Jacob Cherian, pursuant to which the Company engaged
Mr. Cherian to provide financial advisory services to the Company for a period of 12 months. In consideration for his services, the Company
agreed to pay Mr. Cherian a monthly consulting fee of per month. The engagement ended in April 2022 and since no further payment
accrued or paid under this agreement. 

On October 29, 2021, the Company
entered into a letter of engagement and terms of business with Sterling Media Ltd Sterling Media (the Sterling
Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company engaged Sterling Media to provide strategic media coverage for the Company. In consideration
of the services Sterling Media provides to the Company, the Company agreed to pay Sterling Media a total fee of . On November 7,
2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Sterling Media, whereby Sterling Media agreed to receive GBP in accordance with
the Sterling Agreement, as full and final satisfaction of all obligations owed to Sterling Media by the Company. Upon receipt of the payment,
all payment obligations of the Company to Sterling Media were cancelled and terminated and there is no further amount due under the Sterling
Agreement. On February 14, 2024, the Company repaid the outstanding fees of , as such, no further amount under the Sterling Agreement. 

23 

per month
for the duration of the Term of Consulting Agreement in accordance with the payment schedule provided in the consulting agreement. In
addition, the Company shall reimburse Ms. Agarwal for her reasonable and documented travel expenses incurred at the request of the Company.
On November 9, 2023, the Company entered into two release agreements with Ms. Agarwal, whereby Ms. Agarwal agreed to receive, respectively,
 and shares of common stock of the post-Business Combination company in full and final satisfaction of all and any service
fees owed to Ms. Agarwal by the Company. On February 15, 2024, the Company paid the outstanding fees of , as such, no further amount
under this agreement, except for the issuance of shares of common stock post Business Combination pursuant to the release agreements.
As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the Company accrued consulting fees. 

On January 12, 2022, the Company
entered a letter of engagement with Chardan, pursuant to which the Company engaged Chardan to provide capital markets advisory services
commencing from January 12, 2022 and ending on the close of a potential placement related to the Company s initial business combination.
In consideration for the services Chardan will provide to the Company, the Company agreed to pay Chardan a total fee of of the aggregate
sales price of securities sold in the financing transaction plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses capped at . 

On January 12, 2022, the Company
also entered into a letter of engagement with Chardan, pursuant to which the Company engaged Chardan to provide merger and acquisition
advisory services commencing from January 12, 2022 and ending on close of the Company s initial business combination. In consideration
for the services Chardan provides to the Company, the Company agreed to pay Chardan a total fee equal to: (i) if the Company enters into
a business combination involving a party other than a target introduced by Chardan, one-half of one percent of the aggregate value
of the business combination; and 
paid at the close of the business combination plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses capped at . 

On March 18, 2022, the Company
entered into an engagement letter with Ontogeny Capital (the Ontogeny PIPE Agreement relating to corporate advisory 
management consultancy services for the purpose of raising capital in form of private investment in public equity PIPE financing. Ontogeny Capital will receive a contingent fee equal to of the gross proceeds of securities sold in the PIPE up to million
in gross proceeds and of the gross proceeds of securities sold in the PIPE from million up to million in gross proceeds.
The Ontogeny PIPE Agreement also provides for an additional incremental discretionary fee of of gross proceeds if the gross proceeds
of securities sold in a PIPE are above million. The agreement was terminated on February 14, 2023. 

On June 9, 2022, the Company
entered into a letter of engagement with ADAS Capital Partners and Lone Cypress Holdings ADAS ), pursuant to which we engaged
ADAS to provide Company with introduction to investors residing in geographies outside of United States of America, assist in negotiations
with introduced parties, assist with closing with introduced parties, assets with getting certain capital back from certain individuals
and any other services deemed appropriate. In consideration for the services ADAS will provide to the Company, the Company agreed to pay
ADAS a total fee of . The engagement ended on June 22, 2023. 

On June 24, 2022, the Company
entered into a letter of engagement with Morrow Sodali Morrow (the Morrow Agreement ), pursuant to which
Morrow was engaged as Solicitation Agent for shareholders in connection with Company s Special Meeting (Extension Meeting) held
during third or fourth quarter of 2022 or such other time as determined by the Company (the Business Combination Meeting pursuant to the terms of the final Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC. The Company agreed to pay Morrow a total estimated fee of
 . On November 7, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Morrow, whereby Morrow agreed to receive in accordance
with the Morrow Agreement, as full and final satisfaction of all obligations owed to Morrow by the Company, which was as of September
30, 2024 and March 31, 2024. 

24 

. 

On July 7, 2022, the Company
entered into a letter of engagement with Baker, pursuant to which we engaged Baker to provide Valuation of Intellectual Properties. In
consideration for the services, the Company agreed to pay Baker a total estimated fee of . On February 14, 2024, the Company paid
the outstanding amount of , as such, no further amount due under the engagement. 

On July 20, 2022, the
Company entered into a letter of engagement with Houlihan Capital Holihan (the Houlihan Capital
Agreement ), pursuant to which we engaged Houlihan to render a written opinion Opinion ), whether or not
favorable, to the Board of Directors of the Company as to whether, as of the date of such Opinion, that the consideration to be
issued or paid in the Transaction is fair from a financial point of view to the stockholders of the Company. In consideration for
the services, the Company agreed to pay Houlihan a total estimated fee of . On November 7, 2023, the Company entered into an
agreement with Houlihan Capital, whereby Houlihan Capital agreed to receive in accordance with the Houlihan Capital
Agreement, as full and final satisfaction of all obligations owed to Houlihan Capital by the Company. The Company repaid the
outstanding balance of on February 14, 2024, as such, no further amount due under the Houlihan Capital Agreement. 

On September 13, 2022, the
Company entered into a letter of engagement with FNK IR (the FNK IR Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company engaged FNK
IR to act as integrated investor and media relations partner on behalf of the Company. We agreed to pay FNK a monthly fee of per
month. The engagement was terminated in February 2023. 

On November 14, 2023, the
Company entered into an agreement with Loeb Loeb LLP Loeb ), whereby Loeb agreed to accept a reduced amount of ,
of which shall be deferred until the closing of the business combination in full and final satisfaction of all obligations owed
to Loeb by the Company. The Company repaid on May 9, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, a total amount of 
and (including other legal fees) was outstanding and accrued, respectively. 

Fee disputes 

The Company is subject to
a dispute regarding the pending fee of with Marcum LLP in the ordinary course of business. The results of such dispute cannot
be predicted with certainty, but the Company does not anticipate that the final outcome, if any, arising out of any such matters will
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024,
the Company accrued an outstanding invoice of . 

Public Warrants and Private Warrants outstanding. 

Public Warrants may only be
exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants
will become exercisable on the later of (a) the completion of a Business Combination or (b) from the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

No Public Warrants will be
exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement
covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within days from the consummation of an
initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period
when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to
the exemption from registration the Securities Act. 

25 

per warrant: 

at any time while the warrants are exercisable; 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds per share, for any trading days within a trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire -day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

If the Company calls the Public
Warrants for redemption as described above, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do
so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the whole warrants for that
number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value by (y) the fair market
value. The fair market value shall mean the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock for the trading days ending on
the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether the Company will
exercise its option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety of factors,
including the price of the Company s shares of common stock at the time the warrants are called for redemption, the Company s
cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. 

In addition, if (x) the Company
issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its
initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent
more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of an initial Business Combination, and (z)
the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s shares of common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the
trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Price is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Market
Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of
the Market Price. 

26 

days after the completion of an initial Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally,
Private Warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees.
If the Private Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable
by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

The Company accounts for
the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and exercise of the underwriters over-allotment
option (including Public Warrants and Private Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40.
The Public Warrants qualify for equity treatment under ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the Private Warrants do not
meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each Private Warrant must be recorded as a liability at fair value. 

The accounting treatment for
derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the Private Warrants as derivative liabilities at fair value upon the
closing of the Initial Public Offering and subsequently at the end of each reporting period. With each such re-measurement, the warrant
liability will be adjusted to its current fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations.
The Company will reassess the classification at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the
period, the warrants will be reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting
and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30,
2024 and March 31, 2024, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common stock 
The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of common stock are
entitled to one vote for each share. As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, there were shares of common stock issued and
outstanding (excluding shares of common stock subject to possible redemption, as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024). 

Rights Except
in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a Business Combination, each holder of a Public Right or a Private Right will
automatically receive one-twentieth (1/20) of one share of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder
of a Public Right or a Private Right converted all shares held by him, her or it in connection with a Business Combination or an amendment
to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with respect to its pre-Business Combination activities. In the
event that the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion of a Business Combination, each holder of a right will be required
to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-twentieth (1/20) of a share underlying each right upon consummation
of the Business Combination. 

The Company will not issue
fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or
otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Delaware law. As a result, the holders of the rights must hold rights
in multiples of 20 in order to receive shares for all of the holders rights upon closing of a Business Combination. If the Company
is unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the Amended Combination Period and the Company redeems the Public Shares
for the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights and the rights will expire
worthless. As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, there were Public Rights and Private Rights outstanding. 

27 

-
 
 -

Liabilities 

Warrant liability - Private Warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Liabilities 

Warrant liability - Private Warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes
method to value the Private Warrants at each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in the statement of operations. The
estimated fair value of the warrant liability is determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a binomial options pricing model are assumptions
related to expected share-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility
of its common stock based on historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate
is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants.
The expected life of the Private Warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based
on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates to remain at zero. 

Common stock price 

Dividend yield 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Term to Business Combination (years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Fair value 

28 

Additional warrants issued in over-allotment 

Fair value as of August 2, 2021 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of June 30, 2022 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of March 31, 2023 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of March 31, 2024 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of September 30, 2024 

Transfers to/from Levels 1,
2, and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs. There were
no transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy for the six months ended September 30, 2024. 

The Company recognized a loss
of and a gain of related to a change in fair value of warrant liability for the six months period ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, respectively, in the accompanying unaudited Statements of Operations. 

to the trust account to extend the period of time the Company has to consummate an initial business combination
from November 2, 2024 to December 2, 2024. 

29 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References in this report
(this Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to International Media
Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors,
and references to the Sponsor refer to Content Creation Media LLC The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below
includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report
includes forward-looking statements that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact
included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy
and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as
 expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, 
 seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such
forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on
information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the
events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk
Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering (as defined below) filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s filings with the SEC can be accessed on the EDGAR
section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims
any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on January 15, 2021, in Delaware and formed for the purpose of effectuating a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report
as our initial business combination . We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds
of our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the Private Units (as defined
below), the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements
or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or otherwise), shares issued to the
owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. 

The issuance of additional
shares in connection with an initial business combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors who would not have pre-emption rights in respect of any such issuance; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock, rights and/or warrants. 

30 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities
or otherwise incur significant debt, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We expect to continue to incur
significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to
complete our initial business combination will be successful. 

Recent Developments 

Extension Payments 

On January 2, 2024, February
1, 2024, March 6, 2024, April 5, 2024, April 29, 2024, May 28, 2024, June 25, 2024, August 5, 2024, September 4, 2024, September 27, 2024
and October 28, 2024, the Company made monthly deposits of 20,000 to the trust account to extend the period of time the Company has to
consummate an initial business combination from January 2, 2024 to December 2, 2024. 

Delisting notice from the Nasdaq 

On July 30, 2024, the Company
received a notice Delisting Notice from the Listing Qualifications Staff of Nasdaq, which stated that, unless the
Company timely requests a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel by August 6, 2024 for additional time to
complete a business combination, trading of the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market would be suspended at the opening
of business on August 8, 2024, due to the Company s non-compliance with Nasdaq IM-5101-2, which requires that a special purpose
acquisition company complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. 

On August 8, 2024, trading
in the Company s securities was suspended on Nasdaq. The securities are now quoted on OTC markets under the same symbols. 

31 

Departure of Director or Certain Officers 

On June 20, 2024, the Company
received the resignation of Mr. Chih Young Hung as Director of the Company. Mr. Hung s resignation was not the result of any disagreement
with the Company or the Board on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. Mr. Hung was the Chair
of the Company s Compensation Committee and Audit Committee. 

The Board appointed Mr. Hsu-Kao
Cheng as Class III director of the Board, to fill in the vacancy created by the resignation of Mr. Chih Young Hung with effect from August
6, 2024 until the Company s annual meeting to be held in 2027. The Board has determined that Mr. Cheng is an independent
director as that term is defined under the Listing Rules of Nasdaq. Mr. Cheng shall serve as the Chairman of the Audit Committee
and the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

On July 2, 2024, the Company
received the resignation of Mr. Daung-Yen Lu as Director of the Company. Mr. Lu s resignation was not the result of any disagreement
with the Company or the Board on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. Mr. Lu was a member of
the Company s Compensation Committee and Audit Committee. 

The Board of the Company appointed
Mr. Tao-Chou Chang as Class III director of the Board, to fill in the vacancy created by the resignation of Mr. Daung-Yen Lu with effect
from August 6, 2024 until the Company s annual meeting to be held in 2027. The Board has determined that Mr. Chang is an independent
director as that term is defined under the Listing Rules of Nasdaq. Mr. Chang shall serve as a member of the Company s Audit
Committee and the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

On July 2, 2024, the Company
received the resignation of Mr. Yu-Ping Tsai as Director of the Company. Mr. Tsai s resignation was not the result of any disagreement
with the Company or the Board on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. Mr. Tsai was a member of
the Company s Compensation Committee and Audit Committee. 

The Board of the Company appointed
Mr. Ming-Hsien Hsu as Class II director of the Board, to fill in the vacancy created by the resignation of Mr. Yu-Ping Tsai with effect
from August 6, 2024 until the Company s annual meeting to be held in 2026. The Board has determined that Mr. Hsu is an independent
director as that term is defined under the Listing Rules of Nasdaq. Mr. Hsu shall serve as a member of the Company s Audit
Committee and the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

On July 4, 2024, the Company
received the resignation of Mr. Claudius Tsang as Director of the Company. Mr. Tsang s resignation was not the result of any disagreement
with the Company or the Board on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

On August 6, 2024, the Company
received the resignation of Mr. Yao Chin Chen as Director of the Company. Mr. Chen s resignation was not the result of any disagreement
with the Company. Effective upon Mr. Chen s resignation as a Director, the size of the Company s Board reduced to four Directors. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception), through
September 30, 2024, were organizational activities, after IPO related to identifying a target company for a business combination. We do
not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents held after the Initial Public Offering. We incur expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024, we had net loss of 170,303, which consisted of operating costs of 202,957, income tax provision of 27,805 and an
increase in warrant liability of 88,455, offset by interest income on investments held in the trust account of 148,914. For the three
months ended September 30, 2023, we had had net loss of 394,256, which consisted of operating costs of 604,743, income tax provision
of 63,371 and an increase in warrant liability of 1,992, offset by interest income on investments held in the trust account of 275,850. 

For the six months ended
September 30, 2024, we had net loss of 325,170, which consisted of operating costs of 473,847, income tax provision of 55,491
and an increase in warrant liability of 93,237, offset by interest income on investments held in the trust account of 297,405. For
the six months ended September 30, 2023, we had net loss of 71,640, which consisted of operating costs of 685,981, income tax
provision of 119,474 and a decrease in warrant liability of 7,969, offset by interest income on investments held in the trust
account of 525,846. 

32 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On August 2, 2021, we consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 units (the Units ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000.
Each Unit consists of one share of common stock Public Share ), one right Public Right and one redeemable
warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Right entitles the holder to receive one-twentieth of one share of common stock at
the closing of our initial business combination. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase three-fourths of one share of common
stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per whole share. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 714,400 units (the Private Units ), at a price of 10.00
per Private Unit 7,144,000 in the aggregate). Each Private Unit consists of one share of common stock Private Share ),
one right Private Right and one warrant Private Warrant ). Each Private Right entitles the holder to receive
one-twentieth of one share of common stock at the closing of our initial business combination. Each Private Warrant entitles the holder
to purchase three-fourths of one share of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per whole share. 

The proceeds from the Private
Units were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If we do not complete our initial business
combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months if our time to complete a business combination is extended), the proceeds of the sale
of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the
Private Units and all underlying securities will be worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the
trust account with respect to the rights and warrants included in the Private Units. 

On August 6, 2021, in connection
with the underwriters exercise in full of their option to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if
any, we consummated the sale of an additional 3,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 30,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of an additional 82,500 Private Units, at a price of 10.00 per
Private Unit, in a private placement to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 825,000. 

We intend to use substantially
all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement, including the funds held in the trust account, in connection
with our initial business combination and to pay our expenses relating thereto, including deferred underwriting commissions payable to
the underwriters in an amount equal to 3.5 8,050,000) of the total gross proceeds raised in the Initial Public Offering upon consummation
of our initial business combination. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to affect our initial
business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as
working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including
continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development
of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred
prior to the completion of our initial business combination if the funds available to us outside of the trust account were insufficient
to cover such expenses. 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash of 0 and
a working capital deficit of 7,017,758. Accumulated deficit balances were 14,600,217 and 1 3,993,133
as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant
professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation
of a Business Combination. The Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete its Business Combination or
because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares upon consummation of its Business Combination, in which
case, subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such Business Combination. 

33 

Management has
determined that if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs or to complete a Business
Combination by December 2, 2024 (or January 2, 2025, if it fully exercises its option to extend the date to consummate a business
combination unless stockholders approve a further extension), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
previously released to IMAQ to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of IMAQ s remaining stockholders and their board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to
IMAQ s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law
Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, if a Business Combination not occur, raises substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or
liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after December 2, 2024 (or January 2, 2025, if it exercises its option to
extend the date to consummate a business combination). Management plans to continue to draw down the funds on its promissory notes,
repayable promptly on demand and, in any event, no later than the date on which the Company terminates or consummates an initial
business combination. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a business combination will be
successful. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management
has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, if the Company
is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Amended Combination Period (January 2, 2025), the Company s board of directors
would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s
plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Amended Combination Period. As a result, management has determined
that such an additional condition also raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The
financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities
or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating
off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose
entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the
Founder Shares, the Private Units and any units that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans or extension loans
(and any securities underlying the Private Units or units issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans or extension loans))
are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the effective date of the IPO. The holders
of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed
subsequent to the completion of an initial Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such
securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements. 

34 

Promissory Notes - Related Party 

On February 1, 2021, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Initial Promissory Note ), pursuant to which we could borrow up to
an aggregate of 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. On April 6, 2021 and June 17, 2021, we issued additional
unsecured promissory notes to the Sponsor (the Additional Promissory Notes and, together with the Initial Promissory
Note , the IPO Promissory Notes ), pursuant to which we may borrow up to an additional aggregate principal amount of
 200,000. The IPO Promissory Notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2021 or (ii) the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Notes was repaid on August 6, 2021. 

On January 14, 2022, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Post-IPO Promissory Note ), pursuant to which we could borrow up
to an aggregate of 500,000 in two installments of (i) up to 300,000 during the month of March 2022, and (ii) up to 200,000 during the
month of June 2022 at our discretion. The Post-IPO Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which
we consummate an initial business combination. 

On March 29, 2022, the Company
amended and restated the Post-IPO Promissory Note, such that the aggregate amount we can borrow at our discretion under the note increased
from 500,000 in two installments as described above, to up to 750,000 in three installments of (i) up to 195,000 no later than February
28, 2022, (ii) up to 355,000 no later than April 30, 2022, and (iii) up to 200,000 no later than June 30, 2022. No other terms were
amended pursuant to this amendment and restatement. 

On August 10, 2022, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the August 2022 Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may
borrow up to an aggregate of 895,000 in three installments of (i) up to 195,000 no later than July 31, 2022, (ii) up to 500,000 no
later than October 31, 2022, and (iii) up to 200,000 no later than January 31, 2023 at the Company s discretion. The August 2022
Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. 

On November 18, 2022, the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the November 2022 Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company
may borrow up to an aggregate of 300,000 no later than March 31, 2023, at the Company s discretion. The November 2022 Promissory
Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. 

On February 14, 2023, the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the February 2023 Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company
may borrow up to an aggregate amount of up to 500,000 in four installments of (i) up to 150,000 no later than February 28, 2023, (ii)
up to 200,000 no later than March 31, 2023, (iii) up to 50,000 no later than April 30, 2023, and (iv) up to 100,000 no later than July
31, 2023, upon the request by the Company at the Company s discretion. The February 2023 Promissory Note is non-interest bearing
and payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination. 

As of September 30, 2024 and
March 31, 2024, 2,445,000 were outstanding under all the promissory notes. 

35 

Promissory Notes JC Unify 

On January 31, 2024, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to 1,300,000 (the January 2024 Promissory Note to the Buyer. Pursuant to the January 2024 Promissory Note, the Buyer agreed to loan to the Company an aggregate amount of up to 1,300,000.
The January 2024 Promissory Note shall be payable promptly on demand and in any event, no later than the date on which the Company terminates
or consummates an initial business combination. Such January 2024 Promissory Note is convertible into units having the same terms and
conditions as the private placement units as described in the prospectus dated July 28, 2021 (Registration NO. 333-255106) (the Prospectus ),
at the price of 10.00 per unit, at the option of the Buyer. The January 2024 Promissory Note does not bear interest. As additional consideration
for the Buyer making the January 2024 Promissory Note available to the Company, the Company shall issue to the Buyer (a) 100,000 new units
at the closing of the Business Combination, which shall be identical in all respects to the private placement units issued at the Company s
initial public offering (the New Units ), and (b) 847,675 shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Additional Securities of which (i) 250,000 of the Additional Securities shall be subject to no transfer restrictions or any other lock-up provisions, earn outs
or other contingencies, and shall be registered for resale pursuant to the first registration statement filed by the Company or the surviving
entity in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, or if no such registration statement is filed in connection with the
closing of the Business Combination, the first registration statement filed subsequent to the closing of the Business Combination, which
will be filed no later than 30 days after the closing of the Business Combination and declared effective no later than 60 days after the
closing of the Business Combination; and (ii) 657,675 of the Additional Securities shall be subject to the same terms and conditions applied
to the insider shares described in the Prospectus. The Additional Securities and New Units shall be issued to the Buyer in conjunction
with the closing of a Business Combination. 

On February 27, 2024, the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to 530,000 (the Promissory Note B to JC Unify Capital (Holdings) Limited. Pursuant to Promissory Note B, the Buyer agreed to loan to the Company an aggregate amount of
up to 530,000. The Promissory Note B shall be payable promptly on demand and in any event, no later than the date on which the Company
terminates or consummates an initial business combination. The Promissory Note B is convertible into units having the same terms and conditions
as the private placement units as described in the Prospectus, at the price of 10.00 per unit, at the option of the Buyer. The Promissory
Note B does not bear interest. The proceeds of Promissory Note B will be used by the Company to pay various expenses of the Company, including
any payment to extend the period of time the Company has to consummate an initial business combination, and for working capital purposes. 

On February 27, 2024, the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to 470,000 (the Promissory Note C to JC Unify. Pursuant to Promissory Note C, the Buyer agreed to loan to the Company an aggregate amount of up to 470,000. The Promissory
Note C shall be payable promptly on demand and in any event, no later than the date on which the Company terminates or consummates an
initial business combination. The Promissory Note C does not bear interest and is convertible into units having the same terms and conditions
as the private placement units as described in the Prospectus, at the price of 10.00 per unit, at the option of the Buyer. 

On June 28, 2024, the Company
entered into amendments to the January 2024 Promissory Note, Promissory Note B and Promissory Note C (the January 2024 Promissory Note,
Promissory Note B and Promissory Note C are collectively referred to as the Prior Notes with JC Unify Capital (Holdings)
Limited (the Amendments to the Promissory Notes ). Pursuant to the Amendments to the Promissory Notes, JC Unify Capital
(Holdings) Limited has the right to convert the Prior Notes into units consisting of one share of Common Stock of the Company and one
right to receive one-twentieth of one share of Common Stock of the Company (together, the Conversion Securities ),
with no fractional Conversion Securities to be issued upon conversion, and the Prior Notes to be converted immediately prior to the closing
of the Business Combination. The Amendments to the Promissory Notes also amended the events of default, so that the failure of the Company
to issue Conversion Securities constitutes a failure to make required payments, constituting an event of default. 

As of September 30, 2024 and
March 31, 2024, total loans outstanding were 1,741,927 and 1,062,232, respectively. 

36 

Due to Related Party 

The Company received additional
funds from the Sponsor to finance term extension fees. As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the amount due to related party was
 656,913 for both periods. 

Loan Transfer Agreement 

On January 26, 2023, the Company
entered into a Loan and Transfer Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Loan Agreement ), by and among the Company,
the Sponsor, and the lender named therein (the Lender ), pursuant to which the Sponsor is permitted to borrow 385,541 (the
 Initial Loan and 128,513 per month, at the Sponsor s discretion (each a Monthly Loan and collectively
with the Initial Loan, the Loan which will in turn be loaned by the Sponsor to the Company, to cover certain extension
payments to the trust account of the Company. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Loan shall be payable within five (5) days of the date
on which Company consummates its de-SPAC transaction. 

As additional consideration
for the Lender making the Initial Loan available to Sponsor, the Company shall issue 500,000 shares of Common Stock to the Lender (the
 Initial Securities ), and as additional consideration for the lender making each Monthly Loan available to Sponsor, the Company
shall issue 166,700 shares of Common Stock to Lender for each Monthly Loan. Such securities shall be subject to no transfer restrictions
or any other lock-up provisions, earn outs or other contingencies, and shall promptly be registered pursuant to the first registration
statement filed by the Company or the surviving entity following the de-SPAC Closing in connection with the de-SPAC Closing, or if no
such registration statement is filed in connection with the de-SPAC Closing, the first registration statement filed subsequent to the
de-SPAC Closing, which will be filed no later than 45 days after the de-SPAC Closing and declared effective no later than 90 days after
the de-SPAC Closing. 

The proceeds of the Loan were
used by the Company to fund amounts deposited into the Company s trust account in connection with each extension. 

Underwriting Agreement 

On July 28, 2021, in connection
with the Initial Public Offering, we entered into an underwriting agreement with Chardan Capital Markets, LLC, as representative of the
underwriters named therein. 

Pursuant to the underwriting
agreement, the underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or 4,600,000
in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and full exercise of the over-allotment option. In addition, 0.35 per
Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or 8,050,000 in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting
commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that
we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

On November 13, 2023, the
Company entered into an agreement with Chardan, whereby Chardan agreed to receive, either in cash or in a number of shares of common stock
of the post-Business Combination company at the Company s discretion in accordance with the agreement and term sheet signed on November
13, 2023, as full and final satisfaction of all and any Service Fees owed to Chardan by the Company. The payment will be made concurrently
with the closing of the Business Combination. 

Chief Financial Officer Agreement 

On February 8, 2021, the Company
entered into an agreement with Vishwas Joshi to act as Chief Financial Officer of the Company for a period of twenty-four months from
the date of listing of the Company on NASDAQ. The Company has agreed to pay Mr. Joshi up to 400,000, subject to the Company successfully
completing a Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company
has agreed to pay Mr. Joshi 40,000. The expense accrued under this agreement is 40,000 as of September 30, 2023. On July 21, 2023, the
Company extended the tenure of the agreement from July 27, 2023, to September 30, 2023 with no further extension. On November 9,
2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Mr. Joshi, whereby Mr. Joshi agreed to receive 36,000 shares of common stock of the post-Business
Combination company in full and final satisfaction of all obligations owed to Mr. Joshi by the Company. The payment will be made concurrently
with the closing of the Business Combination. The Company accrued 360,000 service fees as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024. 

37 

Consulting Agreements 

On May 5, 2021, we engaged
Ontogeny Capital LTD Ontogeny (the Ontogeny Consulting Agreement to act as a management consulting and
corporate advisor in the preparation of corporate strategies, management support and business plans for us. We paid Ontogeny 40,000 at
the time of signing the engagement agreement and 35,000 upon the filing of the registration statement relating to the Initial Public
Offering. We paid Ontogeny an aggregate of 1,650,000 upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option. In addition, upon the consummation of our initial business combination, we have agreed to pay Ontogeny 2,875,000
for certain management consulting and corporate advisory services. On November 10, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Ontogeny,
whereby Ontogeny agreed to receive 287,500 shares of common stock of the post-Business Combination company in accordance with the Ontogeny
Consulting Agreement, as full and final satisfaction of all obligations owed to Ontogeny by the Company. The payment will be made concurrently
with the closing of the Business Combination. 

On February 14, 2023, the
Company entered into an agreement with Ontogeny, whereby Ontogeny and the Company mutually agreed to termination the Ontogeny PIPE Agreement
and release each other from any and all responsibilities and obligations relating to the Ontogeny PIPE Agreement. Since termination, no
further payment accrued or paid under the Ontogeny PIPE Agreement. 

On September 17, 2021, we
entered into a consulting agreement, effective as of September 1, 2021, with F. Jacob Cherian, pursuant to which we engaged Mr. Cherian
to provide financial advisory services to us for a period of 12 months. In consideration for his services, we agreed to pay Mr. Cherian
a monthly consulting fee of 12,000 per month. The engagement ended in April 2022 and since no further payment accrued or paid under this
agreement. 

On October 29, 2021, we
entered into a letter of engagement and terms of business with Sterling Media Ltd Sterling Media (the
 Sterling Agreement ), pursuant to which we engaged Sterling Media to provide strategic media coverage for the Company.
In consideration for the services Sterling Media provides to the Company, we agreed to pay Sterling Media a total fee of
 28,250. On November 7, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Sterling Media, whereby Sterling Media agreed to
receive GBP 6,000 in accordance with the Sterling Agreement, as full and final satisfaction of all obligations owed to Sterling
Media by the Company. Upon receipt of the payment, all payment obligations of the Company to Sterling Media will be cancelled and
terminated and there is no further amount due under the Sterling Agreement. On February 14, 2024, the Company repaid the
outstanding fees of 12,145, as such, no further amount under the Sterling Agreement. 

On October 29, 2021, the Company
also entered into a consulting agreement with Priyanka Agarwal, pursuant to which the Company engaged Ms. Agarwal to provide strategy,
management and financial advisory services to the Company, as specified in the consulting agreement, commencing on October 29, 2021, and
ending on October 28, 2022 (the Term of Consulting Agreement ). On January 28, 2023, the Company extended the existing agreement
till April 24, 2023. On April 24, 2023 the Company further extended the agreement to September 30, 2023. The agreement was extended in
consideration for the services Ms. Agarwal provides to the Company, the Company agreed to pay Ms. Agarwal a monthly consulting fee of
 11,250 per month for the duration of the Term of Consulting Agreement in accordance with the payment schedule provided in the consulting
agreement. In addition, the Company shall reimburse Ms. Agarwal for her reasonable and documented travel expenses incurred at the request
of the Company. On November 9, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Ms. Agarwal, whereby Ms. Agarwal agreed receive 12,825
shares of common stock of the post-Business Combination company in accordance with the Consulting Agreement, in full and final satisfaction
of all and any service fees owed to Ms. Agarwal by the Company. On February 15, 2024, the Company paid the outstanding fees of 31,500,
as such, no further amount under this agreement, except for the issuance of 12,825 shares of common stock post Business Combination pursuant
to the release agreements. As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the Company accrued 162,000 consulting fees. 

On January 12, 2022, we entered
into a letter of engagement with Chardan, pursuant to which we engaged Chardan to provide capital markets advisory services commencing
from January 12, 2022 and ending on the close of a potential placement related to our initial business combination. In consideration for
the services Chardan will provide to us, we agreed to pay Chardan a total fee of 5 of the aggregate sales price of securities sold in
the financing transaction plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses capped at 25,000. 

38 

On January 12, 2022, we also
entered into a letter of engagement with Chardan, pursuant to which we engaged Chardan to provide merger and acquisition advisory services
commencing from January 12, 2022 and ending on close of our initial business combination. In consideration for the services Chardan provides
to us, we agreed to pay Chardan a total fee equal to: (i) if we enter into a business combination involving a party other than a target
introduced by Chardan, one-half of one percent (0.5 of the aggregate value of the business combination; and (ii) if we consummate a
business combination with a target introduced by Chardan, three percent (3 of the first 100 million aggregate value of the target,
two percent (2.0 of the aggregate value of the target greater than 100 million but less than 200 million, and one percent (1.0 of
the aggregate value of the target greater than 200 million but less than 300 million, paid at the close of the business combination
plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses capped at 25,000. 

On March 18, 2022, the Company
entered into an engagement letter with Ontogeny (the Ontogeny PIPE Agreement relating to corporate advisory management
consultancy services for the purpose of raising capital in form of a private investment in public equity PIPE financing.
Ontogeny Capital will receive a contingent fee equal to 5 of the gross proceeds of securities sold in the PIPE up to 75 million in gross
proceeds and 5.5 of the gross proceeds of securities sold in the PIPE from 75 million up to 150 million in gross proceeds. The Ontogeny
PIPE Agreement also provides for an additional incremental discretionary fee of 0.5 of gross proceeds if the gross proceeds of securities
sold in a PIPE are above 150 million. The agreement was terminated on February 14, 2023. 

On June 9, 2022, we entered
into a letter of engagement with ADAS Capital Partners and Lone Cypress Holdings ADAS ), pursuant to which we engaged ADAS
to provide Company with introduction to investors residing in geographies outside of United States of America, assist in negotiations
with introduced parties, assist with closing with introduced parties, assets with getting certain capital back from certain individuals
and any other services deemed appropriate. In consideration for the services ADAS will provide to us, we agreed to pay ADAS a total fee
of 25,000. The engagement ended on June 22, 2023. 

On June 24, 2022, the Company
entered into a letter of engagement with Morrow Sodali Morrow (the Morrow Agreement ), pursuant to which
Morrow was engaged as Solicitation Agent for shareholders in connection with Company s Special Meeting (Extension Meeting) held
during third or fourth quarter of 2022 or such other time as determined by the Company (the Business Combination Meeting pursuant to the terms of the final Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC. The Company agreed to pay Morrow a total estimated fee of
 25,000. On November 7, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Morrow, whereby Morrow agreed to receive 9,630 in accordance
with the Morrow Agreement, as full and final satisfaction of all obligations owed to Morrow by the Company, which was 23,147 accrued
as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024. 

On June 28, 2022, we entered
into a letter of engagement with Baker Tilly DHC Business Private Limited Baker ), pursuant to which we engaged Baker to
provide Purchase Price Allocation (PPA) study in accordance with the extant provision of US GAAP ASC 805. In consideration for the services
Baker will provide to us, we agreed to pay Baker a total estimated fee of 24,000. 

On July 7, 2022, we entered
into a letter of engagement with Baker, pursuant to which we engaged Baker to provide Valuation of Intellectual Properties. In consideration
for the services Baker will provide to us, we agreed to pay Baker a total estimated fee of 10,000. On February 14, 2024, the Company
paid the outstanding amount of 7,766, as such, no further amount due under the engagement. 

On July 20, 2022, we entered
into a letter of engagement with Houlihan Capital (the Houlihan Capital Agreement ), pursuant to which we engaged Houlihan
to render a written opinion Opinion ), whether or not favorable, to the Board of Directors of the Company as to whether,
as of the date of such Opinion, that the consideration to be issued or paid in the Transaction is fair from a financial point of view
to the stockholders of the Company. In consideration for the services, the Company agreed to pay Houlihan a total estimated fee of 150,000. On
November 7, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Houlihan Capital, whereby Houlihan Capital agreed to receive 13,675 in accordance
with the Houlihan Capital Agreement, as full and final satisfaction of all obligations owed to Houlihan Capital by the Company. The Company
repaid the outstanding balance of 50,000 on February 14, 2024, as such, no further amount due under the Houlihan Capital Agreement. 

On September 13, 2022, we
entered into a letter of engagement with FNK IR (the FNK IR Agreement ), pursuant to which we engaged FNK IR to act as integrated
investor and media relations partner on behalf of the Company. We agreed to pay FNK a monthly fee of 8,000 per month. The engagement
was terminated in February 2023. 

39 

On November 14, 2023, the
Company entered into an agreement with Loeb Loeb LLP Loeb ), whereby Loeb agreed to accept a reduced amount of 300,000,
of which 150,000 shall be deferred until the closing of the business combination in full and final satisfaction of all obligations owed
to Loeb by the Company. On May 9, 2024, the Company repaid 150,000. As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, a total amount of 207,608
and 329,503 (including 57,608 other legal fees) was outstanding and accrued, respectively. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. We have not identified critical accounting estimates; we have identified the following critical accounting
policies: 

Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock 

Net loss per common share
is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. As the Public
Shares are considered to be redeemable at fair value, and a redemption at fair value does not amount to a distribution different than
other stockholders, redeemable and non-redeemable common stock are presented as one class of stock in calculating net loss per share.
We have not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and private placement to purchase an aggregate of
17,847,675 shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence
of future events. 

Warrant Liability 

We account for warrants as
either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable
authoritative guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet
the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under
ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our common stock, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment,
which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent annual period
end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

All of the remaining Public
Shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public
Shares in connection with our liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the initial business combination
and in connection with certain amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s
guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within our control
require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all redeemable Public Shares have
been classified outside of permanent equity. 

We recognize changes in redemption
value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of
each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional
paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

40 

Share Based Payment Arrangements 

On July 7, 2021, the Sponsor
entered into agreements with two independent directors to transfer 95,000 Founder Shares to each director, subject to and upon closing
of our initial business combination. As such, under ASC 718, these shares are transferred subject to a performance condition and compensation
expense will be recognized at the date of a business combination when earned. 

On July 22, 2021, the Sponsor
sold 30,000 of its Founder Shares to each of its five independent directors (the Directors (or 150,000 Founder Shares in
total) for cash consideration of approximately 0.004 per share. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the
Company recognized compensation expense in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share
less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Directors was
determined to be 787,500 as of July 22, 2021. 

On September 17, 2021,
the Sponsor sold 25,000 of its Founder Shares to an additional independent director (the Additional Director for
consideration of approximately 0.004 per share. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company
recognized compensation expense in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share
less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Additional
Director was determined to be 141,250 as of September 17, 2021. 

On September 17, 2021, the
Sponsor sold 75,000 of its Founder Shares to an independent consultant (the Consultant for consideration of approximately
 0.004 per share. These awards are subject to ASC 718. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company recognized compensation expense in an amount
equal to the number of Founders Shares sold times the grant date fair value per share less the amount initially received for the purchase
of the Founders Shares. The value of the Founder Shares sold to the Consultant was determined to be 423,750 as of September 17, 2021. 

On January 24, 2023, the Company
entered into a Loan Transfer Agreement Polar Loan Agreement with Polar Asset Management Partners Polar ),
whereby the Sponsor was permitted to borrow 385,541 (the Initial Loan and 128,513 per month, at the Company s discretion
(each a Monthly Loan and collectively with the Initial Loan, the Loan which will in turn be loaned by the
Sponsor to the Company, to cover certain extension payments to the trust account of the Company. As additional consideration for Polar
making the Initial Loan available to Sponsor, the Company shall issue 500,000 shares of Common Stock to Polar (the Initial Securities ),
and as additional consideration for Polar making each Monthly Loan available to Sponsor, the Company shall issue 166,700 shares of Common
Stock to Polar for each Monthly Loan (up to 500,100 shares of common stock). 

On September 8, 2023, the
Company entered into a subscription agreement Polar Subscription Agreement with Polar, whereby Polar agreed to fund up
to 128,000 (the Investor Capital Contribution to the Sponsor which in turn be loaned by the Sponsor to the SPAC, to cover
working capital expenses. In consideration for the Investor Capital Contribution, the Company shall issue to Polar one share of Class
A Ordinary Shares for each dollar of the Investor s Capital Contribution (128,000 shares of common stock) at the closing of the
Business Combination. 

On July 7, 2021, the Sponsor
entered into a subscription agreement with Suresh Ramamurthi, whereby the Sponsor agreed to issue to Suresh Ramamurthi 95,000 insider
shares as described in the Prospectus of the Company. On December 18, 2023, the Company entered into a director letter agreement with
Suresh Ramamurthi whereby the Company agreed to issue the insider shares as stipulated in the subscription agreement. The shares will
be issued concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination. 

On July 20, 2021, the Sponsor
entered into a subscription agreement with David M. Taghioff, whereby the Sponsor agreed to issue to David M. Taghioff 95,000 insider
shares as described in the Prospectus of the Company. On December 18, 2023, the Company entered into a director letter agreement with
David M. Taghioff whereby the Company agreed to issue the insider shares as stipulated in the subscription agreement. The shares will
be issued concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination. 

On November 9, 2023, the Company
entered into an agreement with Priyanka Agarwal, whereby Priyanka Agarwal agreed to receive 12,825 shares of common stock of the post-Business
Combination company in accordance with the consulting agreement signed on October 29, 2021, as full and final satisfaction of all and
any service fees owed to Priyanka Agarwal by the Company. The shares will be issued concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination. 

41 

On November 9, 2023, the Company
entered into an agreement with Vishwas Joshi, our previous Chief Financial Officer, whereby Vishwas Joshi agreed to receive 36,000 shares
of common stock of the post-Business Combination company in accordance with the Chief Financial Officer Agreement, as full and final satisfaction
of all and any service fees owed to Vishwas Joshi by the Company. The shares will be issued concurrently with the closing of the Business
Combination. 

On November 9, 2023, the Company
entered into an agreement with ALMT Legal, Advocates Solicitor ALMT ), whereby ALMT agreed to receive (i) USD 75,000
and (ii) 11,000 shares of common stock of the post-Business Combination company in accordance with the agreement signed on November 10,
2021, as full and final satisfaction of all and any service fees owed to ALMT by the Company. The payment of USD 75,000 was made and the
shares will be issued concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination. 

On November 10, 2023, the
Company entered into an agreement with Ontogeny, whereby Ontogeny agreed to receive 287,500 shares of common stock of the post-Business
Combination company in accordance with the Ontogeny Consulting Agreement, as full and final satisfaction of all obligations owed to Ontogeny
by the Company. The shares will be issued concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination. 

On November 13, 2023, the
Company entered into an agreement with Chardan, whereby Chardan agreed to receive, either in cash or in a number of shares of common stock
of the post-Business Combination company at the Company s discretion in accordance with the agreement and term sheet signed on November
13, 2023, as full and final satisfaction of all and any service fees owed to Chardan by the Company. The payment will be made concurrently
with the closing of the Business Combination. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures
designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as
this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
the chief executive officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As required by Rules 13a-15
and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer, who is also our principal financial officer, carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of September 30, 2024, due to the previously reported material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments
and stock-based compensation. We also have a material weakness in our internal control surrounding the review of accounts payable and
accrued expenses to ensure expense recognition in the proper period. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary
to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management
believes that the financial statements included in this Form 10-Q present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results
of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most
recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting except as described below. 

42 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may be subject to legal
proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business and other contingencies from time to time. We are not
currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding,
investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company,
the Company is not required to provide Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. However, in addition to the risk factors disclosed
in our prospectus filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021, the Company has identified the below-listed additional risk factors. Any of these
factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability continue as a going
concern . 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company had 0 in cash outside of the Trust
Account, and a working capital deficit of 7,017,758. Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant professional
costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant expenses in connection with our initial business combination activities.
Management s plans to address any need for additional capital are discussed in Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate
an initial business combination will be successful. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have
sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, if the Company is
unable to complete a business combination by December 2, 2024 (or January 2, 2025, if it exercises its option to extend the date to consummate
a business combination), the Company s board of directors would proceed to commence voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution
of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a business combination will be successful within the
Combination Period. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Due to the number of special purpose acquisition
companies seeking targets, attractive targets may become more scarce and there is increased competition for attractive targets. This could
increase the cost of our initial business combination and it could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial
business combination. 

In recent years, the number
of special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets has increased. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies
have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for
an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets
may be available to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there
are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition
for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved
financial terms. Attractive deals could also become more scarce for other reasons, such as high redemption rates, economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate
targets post-business combination. Together, this could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to
find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on
terms favorable to our shareholders altogether. 

43 

We may not be able to complete the Business
Combination since such initial business combination may be subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government
entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ), or ultimately prohibited. 

The Sponsor, Content Creation
Media LLC, is a Delaware limited liability company, is controlled by Shibasish Sarkar, an individual who resides in and is a citizen of
India. We are therefore likely considered a foreign person under the regulations administered by CFIUS and will continue
to be considered as such in the future for so long as the Sponsor has the ability to exercise control over us for purposes of CFIUS s
regulations. While we believe that the nature of IMAQ s business, and the nature of the businesses of Reliance should not make the
transaction subject to U.S. foreign regulations or review by a U.S. government entity, it is possible that the Business Combination may
be subject to CFIUS review, the scope of which was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA ),
to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even
with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subjects certain categories
of investments to mandatory filings. If the Business Combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are
required to make a mandatory filing or that we will submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the Business Combination without
notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the Business Combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay the
Business Combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to the Business Combination or order us to
divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company without first obtaining CFIUS clearance, which may limit the attractiveness
of or prevent us from consummating the Business Combination. 

Moreover, the process of government
review, whether by the CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete the Business Combination. If we fail
to consummate an initial business combination prior to July 2, 2025 (unless otherwise extended) because the review exceeds such timeframe
or because our initial business combination is ultimately prohibited by CFIUS or another U.S. government entity, we may be required to
liquidate. If we liquidate, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata share of the funds in the trust account, and our warrants
and rights will expire worthless. This will also cause you to lose the investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing
future gains on your investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. 

There are no assurances that we will be
able to complete an initial business combination. 

The Company can provide no
assurances that an agreement for an initial business combination will be signed or if signed that it will be consummated by December 2,
2024 (or January 2, 2025, if it exercises its option to extend the date to consummate a business combination). Our ability to consummate
an initial business combination is dependent on a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. If the Extension is approved
and implemented and the Company enters into a business combination agreement, the Company expects to seek stockholder approval of an initial
business combination. We will be required to offer public stockholders redemption rights again in connection with any stockholder vote
to approve an initial business combination. Even if an initial business combination is approved by our stockholders, it is possible that
redemptions will leave us with insufficient cash to consummate a business combination on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. 

44 

If we are deemed to be an investment
company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our
activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would
not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the
Company. 

If we are deemed to be an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act ), our activities may be restricted,
including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult to for us to complete an initial business combination. 

In addition, we may have imposed
upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

In order not to be regulated
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged
primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government
securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete an initial business combination and thereafter
to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale
or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our
current and anticipated principal activities subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account
may only be held as cash, or invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the
Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the
trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments or
by holding the proceeds as cash, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather
than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment
company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed
to be subject to the Investment Company Act. 

However, even if we
invest the proceeds in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, we may be deemed to be an
investment company. Additionally, in the adopting release for final rules issued on January 24, 2024 by the SEC (the 2024
SPAC Rules ), the SEC provided guidance that a SPAC s potential status as an investment company depends on
a variety of factors, such as a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities and is a question
of facts and circumstances requiring individualized analysis. The longer that the funds in the Trust Account are held in
short-term U.S. government securities or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, the greater the risk that we
may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate. 

If we are deemed to be an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted. In addition, we would be subject to
burdensome compliance requirements. If we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to registration under, compliance with and
regulation under the Investment Company Act, we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and expenses for which we have not allotted
funds. As a result, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our
efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company. Were we to liquidate, our warrants would expire
worthless, and our securityholders would lose the investment opportunity associated with an investment in the combined company, including
any potential price appreciation of our securities. 

45 

Changes to laws or regulations or in how
such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws, regulations, interpretations or applications
may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination. 

We are subject to laws and
regulations, and interpretations and applications of such laws and regulations, of national, regional, state and local governments and
applicable non-U.S. jurisdictions. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and potentially other legal and regulatory
requirements, and our consummation of an initial business combination may be contingent upon our ability to comply with certain laws,
regulations, interpretations and applications and any post-business combination company may be subject to additional laws, regulations,
interpretations and applications. Compliance with, and monitoring of, the foregoing may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those
laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time, and those changes could have a material
adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. A failure to comply with
applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination. 

The 2024 SPAC Rules, among
other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in initial public offerings by SPACs and business combination transactions involving
SPACs and private operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements applicable to business combination transactions involving
such companies; update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings, as well as when projections are disclosed
in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increase the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business
combination transactions; and could impact the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act
of 1940. The 2024 SPAC Rules may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete, and the costs
associated with, our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

To mitigate the risk that
we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we have instructed Continental, the trustee,
to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in an interest bearing demand
deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of an initial business combination or our liquidation. Following the liquidation
of investments in the Trust Account, we receive reduced interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account, which reduces the dollar
amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 

The funds in the Trust
Account are held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing
solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act.
However, the longer that the funds in the Trust Account are held in short-term U.S. government securities or in money market funds
invested exclusively in such securities, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which
case we may be required to liquidate. To mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including
under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment
Company Act, we instructed Continental, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury
obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in an interest
bearing demand deposit account at a bank until the earlier of the consummation of our Initial Business Combination or the
liquidation of the Company. Following such liquidation, we receive reduced interest on the funds held in the Trust Account. However,
interest previously earned on the funds held in the Trust Account still may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any, and certain
other expenses as permitted. As a result, our decision to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold
all funds in the Trust Account in an interest bearing demand deposit at a bank reduces the dollar amount our Public Shareholders
would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 

46 

Nasdaq has delisted our securities from
trading on Nasdaq, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

On July 30, 2024, the Company
received a notice Delisting Notice from the Listing Qualifications Staff of Nasdaq, which stated that, unless the
Company timely requests a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel by August 6, 2024 for additional time to
complete a business combination, trading of the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market would be suspended at the opening
of business on August 8, 2024, due to the Company s non-compliance with Nasdaq IM-5101-2, which requires that a special purpose
acquisition company complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. 

On August 8, 2024, trading
in the Company s securities was suspended on Nasdaq. The securities are now quoted on the OTC markets under the same symbols. 

The delisting of our securities
by Nasdaq could adversely affect the trading market for our securities, as price quotations may not be as readily obtainable, which would
likely have a material adverse effect on the market price of our securities and the Company s ability to raise additional capital. 

Moreover, we can provide no
assurance that trading in our securities will continue over the counter or otherwise. As a result of the delisting, we could face significant
material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; 

a determination that our shares of common stock are penny stock , which will require brokers trading in our shares of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our shares of common stock; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Currently our securities
are not eligible for proprietary broker-dealer quotations. All quotes will reflect unsolicited customer orders and, as a result, we
expect any trading to involve a higher risk of wider spreads, increased volatility, and price dislocations and a general illiquid
trading environment. Proprietary broker-dealer quotations may not commence until an initial review by a broker-dealer under the
SEC s Rule 15c2-11 which would enable brokers to publish competing quotes and provide continuous market making. No assurance
can be provided that a liquid trading market will develop even if market makers begin proprietary quotations and thus we expect
investors will experience difficulty in trading our securities. 

The National Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which
are referred to as covered securities. Because they have been delisted, our securities would not be covered securities and
we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. This state level regulation introduces additional compliance
requirements for brokers to consider making markets in our securities and will further negatively impact any trading liquidity in our
securities. 

47 

The Company may be affected by the Excise
Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. 

On August 16, 2022, President
Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act ), which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax
on any publicly traded domestic corporation that repurchases its stock after December 31, 2022 (the Excise Tax ). The Excise
Tax is imposed on the fair market value of the repurchased stock, with certain exceptions. Because we are a Delaware corporation and our
securities are trading on Nasdaq, we will be a covered corporation within the meaning of the IR Act. While not free from
doubt, absent any further guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury ), which has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the Excise Tax, the Excise Tax may apply
to any redemptions of our common stock after December 31, 2022, including redemptions in connection with an initial business combination,
extension vote or otherwise, unless an exemption is available. The Excise Tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming
holders. Generally, issuances of securities by us in connection with an initial business combination transaction (including any PIPE transaction
at the time of an initial business combination), as well as any other issuances of securities not in connection with our initial business
combination, would be expected to reduce the amount of the Excise Tax in connection with redemptions occurring in the same calendar year,
but the number of securities redeemed may exceed the number of securities issued. 

Whether and to what extent
the Company would be subject to the Excise Tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on
a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the business combination,
extension vote or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other
equity issuances in connection with a business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued
within the same taxable year of a business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. Consequently,
the Excise Tax may make a transaction with us less appealing to potential business combination targets. Finally, based on recently issued
interim guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and Treasury in Notice 2023-2, subject to certain exceptions, the Excise Tax should
not apply in the event of our liquidation. 

As a result of the redemptions
by the public stockholders in August 2023 and January 2024, the Company recorded 113,689 total excise tax liability as of September 30,
2024. During the second quarter of 2024, the Internal Revenue Service issued final regulations with respect to the timing and payment
of the Excise Tax. Pursuant to those regulations, the Company would need to file a return and remit payment for any liability incurred
during the period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 on or before October 31, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the excise tax return
for the calendar year 2023 has not been filed. The Company is currently evaluating its options with respect to payment of this obligation.
If the Company is unable to pay its obligation in full, it will be subject to additional interest and penalties which are currently estimated
at 10 interest per annum and a 5 underpayment penalty per month or portion of a month up to 25 of the total liability for any amount
that is unpaid from November 1, 2024 until paid in full. 

Payment of the Excise Tax if the Company
is subject to the Excise Tax. 

We will not be permitted to
use the proceeds placed in the Trust Account and the interest earned thereon to pay any Excise Taxes imposed under the IR Act on the any
future redemptions or stock buybacks by the Company. 

We have not asked our Sponsor
to reserve for any excise tax imposed under the IR Act, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to
satisfy any such excise tax payment, and we believe that our Sponsor s only material assets are securities of the Company. Therefore,
we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy any excise tax payments. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Recent Sale of Unregistered
Securities 

None. 

Use of Proceeds 

For a description of the use
of the proceeds generated in the IPO, see Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Purchases of Equity Securities
by the Issuer and Related Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

. 

48 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filings of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

49 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

International Media Acquisition Corp. 

Date: November
13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Shibasish Sarkar 

Shibasish Sarkar 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021894101ex31-1_internat.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Shibasish Sarkar, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of International Media Acquisition
Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Shibasish Sarkar 

Shibasish Sarkar 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and 

Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ea021894101ex32-1_internat.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of International
Media Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Shibasish Sarkar, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Shibasish Sarkar 

Shibasish Sarkar 

Chairman of the Board of Directors and 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive, 
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 imac-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 imac-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 imac-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 imac-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 imac-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

