<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-Q_edgar_data_1839839_0001839839-24-000212.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9705664</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>145675</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1595057</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3840453</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2061763</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1862087</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001839839-24-000212.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101163228
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001839839-24-000212
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Janus International Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001839839
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL DOORS, SASH, FRAMES, MOLDING & TRIM [3442]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0101

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40456
		FILM NUMBER:		241419505

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 JANUS INTERNATIONAL BLVD.
		CITY:			TEMPLE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30179
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(866) 562-2580

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 JANUS INTERNATIONAL BLVD.
		CITY:			TEMPLE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30179

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Janus Parent, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001839839-24-000212.txt : 20241101

10-Q
 1
 jbi-20240928.htm
 10-Q

jbi-20240928 

egment 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 ________________________ 
 
 FORM 
 ________________________ 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 Commission file number 
 ________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 
 
 ________________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 ________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: 
 ________________________ 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 25, 2024, shares of the Registrant s common stock were outstanding. 

1 

JANUS INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 Table of Contents 
 Page CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 3 
 PART I--FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 5 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 51 
 PART II--OTHER INFORMATION 
 52 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 52 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 52 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 52 
 Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 52 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 52 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 52 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 54 
 SIGNATURES 
 55 

2 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Form 10-Q that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance, business strategies, expectations for our business and any other statements of a future or forward-looking nature, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our financial condition, results of operations, earnings outlook and prospects or regarding our or our management s expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including our expectations regarding our revenues, cost of revenues, operating expenses, other operating results, and other key metrics, and our ability to meet previously announced earnings guidance with respect to the Company and/or its individual segments. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the risks set forth in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this Report, except as required by law. 
 In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as plan, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, outlook, estimate, forecast, project, continue, could, may, might, possible, potential, predict, should, would , and other similar words and expressions, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. We cannot assure you that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to: 
 changes adversely affecting the business in which we are engaged; 
 geopolitical risks and changes in applicable laws or regulations; 
 the possibility that Janus may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; 
 operational risk; 
 any failure to effectively manage, and receive anticipated returns from, acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions; 
 fluctuations in the demand for our products and services; 
 the impact of supply chain disruptions and inflation and our ability to recoup rising costs in the rates we charge to our customers; 
 the possibility that our long-lived assets and other assets, including inventory, property, plant, and equipment, intangibles, and investments in unconsolidated affiliates may become impaired; 
 our ability to maintain the listing of our securities on a national securities exchange; 
 the possibility of significant changes in foreign exchange rates and controls; 
 litigation and regulatory enforcement risks, including the diversion of management s time and attention and the additional costs and demands on Janus s resources; 
 general economic conditions, including the capital and credit markets, and adverse macroeconomic conditions, including unemployment, inflation, fluctuating interest rates, changes in consumer practices due to slower economic growth, and regional or global liquidity constraints; 
 the possibility of political instability, war or acts of terrorism in any of the countries where we operate; and 
 other risks detailed from time to time in our filings with the SEC, press releases, and other communications, including those set forth under Risk Factors included in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023, and in the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein. 
 
 3 

All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning the matters addressed in this Form 10-Q and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Form 10-Q. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-Q or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
 4 

PART I--FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Janus International Group, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (amounts in millions, except share and per share data - Unaudited) 
 September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses of and , as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively 
 Contract assets Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Right-of-use assets, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets, net 
 Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable Contract liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Deferred tax liabilities, net 
 Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Common stock, shares authorized, par value, and shares issued as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively 
 Treasury stock, at cost, and shares as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 5 

Janus International Group, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (amounts in millions, except share and per share data - Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 REVENUES Product revenues Service revenues Total revenues 
 Product cost of revenues Service cost of revenues Cost of revenues 
 GROSS PROFIT OPERATING EXPENSES Selling and marketing General and administrative Impairment 
 Operating expenses 
 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt ) ) ) Other income INCOME BEFORE TAXES Provision for income taxes 
 NET INCOME Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (Note 14) 
 Basic Diluted Net income per share, basic and diluted (Note 14) 
 Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

Janus International Group, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (amounts in millions, except share data - Unaudited) 
 Class A Preferred Units 
 shares authorized 
 par value of 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of 
 December 31, 2022 
 ) Issuance of restricted units Shares withheld for taxes upon vesting of restricted units ) ) ) Share-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Net income Balance as of April 1, 2023 ) ) Issuance of restricted units Shares withheld for taxes upon vesting of restricted units ) Share-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Net income Balance as of July 1, 2023 ) ) Issuance of restricted units Shares withheld for taxes upon vesting of restricted units ) Share-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) ) Net income Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 7 

Janus International Group, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (amounts in millions, except share data - Unaudited) Class A Preferred Units 
 shares authorized 
 par value of 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of 
 December 30, 2023 
 ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Issuance of restricted units Shares withheld for taxes upon vesting of restricted units ) ) ) Share-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) ) Net income Balance as of March 30, 2024 ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Issuance of restricted units Issuance of common stock on exercise of stock options Shares withheld for taxes upon vesting of restricted units ) ) ) Share-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Net income Balance as of June 29, 2024 ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Issuance of restricted units Shares withheld for taxes upon vesting of restricted units ) ) ) Share-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Net income Balance as of September 28, 2024 ) ) 
 Total shares issued are the aggregate of Common Stock outstanding and Treasury Shares. 
 See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 

Janus International Group, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (amounts in millions - Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Operating activities 
 Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
 Noncash lease expense 
 Provision for inventory obsolescence 
 Amortization of intangibles Deferred income taxes 
 Deferred finance fee amortization Provision for expected losses on accounts receivable 
 ) Share-based compensation Impairment 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt Loss on equity investment 
 Loss on sale of property, plant, and equipment 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, excluding effects of acquisition 
 Accounts receivable ) Contract assets ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Inventories ) Other assets Accounts payable ) Contract liabilities ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Other long-term liabilities 
 ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Investing activities 
 Purchases of property, plant, and equipment 
 ) ) Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Payment for equity-method investment 
 ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) Financing activities 
 Principal payments on long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt Principal payments under finance lease obligations ) ) Payments for deferred financing fees ) ) Cash paid for common stock withheld for taxes 
 ) Repurchase of common stock 
 ) Net cash used in financing activities 
 ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash Net (decrease) increase in cash 
 ) Cash, beginning of period 
 Cash, end of period 
 Supplemental cash flows information 
 Interest paid Income taxes paid Cash paid for operating leases included in operating activities Non-cash investing and financing activities: 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations RSU shares withheld included in accrued employee taxes 
 Excise taxes from common share repurchase included in accrued expenses 
 Capital expenditures in accounts payable 
 See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 operating and reportable segments, which are based on the geographic region of its operations: (i) Janus North America and (ii) Janus International. The Janus North America segment is comprised of all the other entities including Janus International Group, LLC Janus Core ), together with each of its operating subsidiaries, Betco, Inc. BETCO ), Nok , Inc. NOKE ), Asta Industries, Inc. ASTA ), Access Control Technologies, LLC ACT ), U.S. Door Building Components, LLC U.S. Door ), Janus Door, LLC Janus Door Steel Door Depot.com, LLC Steel Door Depot ), Janus International Canada, Ltd. Janus Canada ), and Terminal Door, LLC Terminal Door ). The Janus International segment is comprised of Janus International Europe Holdings Ltd. (U.K.) JIE ), whose production and sales are largely in Europe and Australia. The Company s common stock is currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol JBI . 

2. 

out of period adjustment as a reduction in service cost of revenues with an offset to accounts payable, to adjust estimated contract costs to actual costs incurred on installation projects which were completed during the years 2017 to 2023. adjustments were recorded for the three month period ended September 28, 2024 . 
 
 10 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

and for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively. 
 and for the three and nine months ending September 28, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Write-offs ) Provision for expected credit losses, net 
 Balance at September 28, 2024 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 Write-offs Provision for expected credit losses, net 
 ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 11 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 for our products with the exception of warranties for roofing at one of our business units, where we offer warranties of up to years. 
 Aggregate changes in the product warranty liability Balance at September 28, 2024 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Aggregate changes in the product warranty liability Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 and , respectively, of all raw material and finished goods purchases. This vendor provides raw-materials to the Company which can be sourced by alternative vendors should the need arise. 
 operating and reportable segments: Janus North America and Janus International. These segments align the Company s products and service offerings based on the geographic location between North America and International locations, which is consistent with how the Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM reviews and evaluates the Company s operations. The CODM allocates resources and evaluates the financial performance of each operating segment. The Company s segments are strategic businesses that are managed separately because each one develops, manufactures and markets distinct products and services. Refer to Note 16, Segments Information, for further details. 
 12 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 13 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 3. 
 
 Work-in-process Finished goods 
 Inventories 

4. 
 Building years Manufacturing machinery and equipment 
 - years 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Over the shorter of the lease term or respective useful life Computer and software years Furniture and fixtures, and vehicles - years 
 Construction in progress 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) 
 and for the three month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and and for the nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Depreciation expense included in operating expenses was and for the three month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively and and for the nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 5. 
 of the business operations (the T.M.C. Acquisition of Smith T.M.C., Inc., a Georgia corporation, Jerry O. Smith Company, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, and J.O.S. Realty, Inc., a Georgia corporation (collectively, the T.M.C. Sellers ). Pursuant to the asset purchase agreement for such acquisition, Terminal Door acquired substantially all assets of the T.M.C. Sellers related to the business of trucking terminal renovation, construction, remodeling, and maintenance. The Company accounted for this acquisition as a business combination. 
 For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company incurred approximately of third-party acquisition costs in connection with the T.M.C. Acquisition. These expenses are included in general and administrative expense in the accompanying Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 The Company is continuing its review of the fair value estimates for certain assets acquired in connection with the T.M.C. Acquisition, including intangible assets, and liabilities assumed. The final determination of the purchase price is pending calculations of working capital and other adjustments, and as such, the Company has not yet finalized its allocation of the purchase price. 

14 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Total purchase consideration 
 Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired 
 Accounts receivable Inventory Property and equipment Identifiable intangible assets Recognized amounts of identifiable liabilities assumed Accounts payable ) Contract liabilities ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Total net assets acquired 
 The Company recognized goodwill related to the T.M.C. Acquisition of . The goodwill recognized in this acquisition was attributable to the acquired assembled workforce, expected synergies and economies of scale, none of which qualify for recognition as a separate intangible asset. The goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 Tradename 
 Non-compete agreement 
 Identifiable intangible assets 
 
 Results of Acquired Operations 
 The results of the acquired operations of Terminal Door have been included in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company since the acquisition date of May 17, 2024. 
 and net income of . For the period from May 17, 2024 through September 28, 2024, Terminal Door contributed revenues of and net income of . 
 15 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 6. 

- 
 Tradenames and trademarks 
 Indefinite Indefinite 
 Tradename 
 Software 
 - 
 Noncompete agreements 
 - 

Changes to gross carrying amount of recognized intangible assets due to translation adjustments include a gain of and for the periods ended September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. The amortization of intangible assets is included in the general and administrative expense on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Amortization expense was approximately and for the three month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and and for the nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Impairment of Indefinite-Lived Tradenames and Trademarks 
 We account for business acquisitions in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . This standard requires the acquiring entity in a business combination to recognize all the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction and establishes the acquisition date fair value as the measurement objective for all assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Tradenames and Trademarks are recognized as a result of business combinations the company has made. ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other requires us to perform qualitative assessments to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an asset exceeds its carrying amount. If a qualitative assessment determines an impairment is more likely than not, the Company is required to perform a quantitative impairment test. Otherwise, no further analysis is required. Alternatively, the Company may elect to proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. In conducting a qualitative assessment, the Company analyzes actual and projected growth trends for revenue and margin, as well as historical performance versus plan and the results of prior quantitative tests performed. Additionally, the Company assesses factors that may impact its business, including macroeconomic conditions and the related impact, market-related exposures, plans to market for sale all or a portion of the business, competitive changes, new or discontinued product lines, changes in key personnel, and any potential risks to projected financial results. 
 During the three months ended September 28, 2024, the Company has experienced a revenue decline relative to expectations, historical performance, and strategic plans. This decrease was primarily driven by soft demand resulting from elevated interest rates and broader macroeconomic uncertainties, as well as a decline in stock price. Given these qualitative factors, the Company determined it was more likely than not that the fair value of the acquired assets could be impaired. Consequently, the Company performed a quantitative test of goodwill and indefinite-lived tradenames and trademarks as of September 28, 2024, ahead of the scheduled annual impairment test on September 29, 2024. This test applied a 50/50 weighting to both the discounted cash flow and guideline public company methods. 
 The quantitative test indicated that the carrying value of the DBCI tradename exceeded its fair value, leading the Company to record a non-cash impairment of for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024. The impairment was recorded in the caption Impairment in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. No other impairments were identified in the quantitative test performed. 
 If assumptions or estimates with respect to future performance vary from what is expected, including those assumptions related to revenue, margins, and economic indicators such as inflation and interest rates, it could result in a decline in fair value that may trigger future impairments. 
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Impairment 
 ) Balance as of September 28, 2024 

16 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Terminal Door Asset Acquisition 
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Balance as of September 28, 2024 
 
 7. 
 Employee compensation 
 Interest payable Current operating lease liabilities Sales tax payable 
 Accrued professional fees Product warranties 
 Accrued freight 
 Other liabilities (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Other liabilities as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 consists of property tax, credit card and various other accruals. 
 17 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 8. 
 with interest payments due in arrears. The interest rate on the facility is based on a base rate, unless a SOFR Rate (as defined in the 2018 LOC Agreement) option is chosen by the Company. 
 2023 ABL Credit and Guarantee Agreement - On August 3, 2023, the Company refinanced the revolving credit facility, pursuant to a new ABL Credit and Guarantee Agreement (the 2023 LOC Agreement ). The 2023 LOC Agreement, among other things (i) increased the previous aggregate commitments from to , (ii) updated the manner in which the previous borrowing base under the 2023 LOC Agreement was determined, and (iii) replaced the administrative agent with a new administrative agent. Interest payments with respect to the 2023 LOC Agreement are due in arrears. The maturity date is August 3, 2028. 
 The interest rate on the facility is based on a base rate, unless an Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the 2023 LOC Agreement) option is chosen by the Company. If the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate is elected, the interest computation is equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, which is subject to a basis points flat credit spread adjustment CSA plus the SOFR Margin (as defined in the 2023 LOC Agreement) of either , , or , based on excess availability (as of September 28, 2024, the SOFR Margin Rate was ). As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the interest rate in effect for the facility was and , respectively. The line of credit is collateralized by accounts receivable and inventories. The Company accrues an unused commitment fee to the administrative agent at the varying rate of to , based on the unused portion of the maximum commitment, as defined in the 2023 LOC agreement. 
 The Company incurred of debt issuance costs, which were capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the facility that expires on August 3, 2028, using the straight-line method, and are presented as part of other assets within our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The amortization of the deferred loan costs is included in interest expense, net on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 Amortization of approximately was recognized for both the three month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and was recognized for both the nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. The unamortized portion of the fees as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, was approximately and , respectively. There were borrowings outstanding on the line of credit as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023. 
 As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company maintained one letter of credit totaling approximately on which there were no balances due. The amount available on the line of credit as of both September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 was approximately . 
 18 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 9. 
 Financing leases 
 Less: unamortized deferred finance fees 
 Less: current maturities 
 Total long-term debt 

Notes Payable - First Lien - As a result of a credit rating upgrade in March 2024, the First Lien term loan allowed the previous applicable margin rate to decrease from to . On April 18, 2024, the Company made a voluntary prepayment of toward the First Lien Credit and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2018 (as amended to date, the First Lien Term Loan ). As a result of the prepayment, the Company expensed an additional for pro-ration of the unamortized debt issuance costs that was amortizing over the expected life of the borrowing. The Company used cash on hand to make the voluntary prepayment. 
 On April 30, 2024, the Company completed a repricing pursuant to Amendment No. 7 (the Repricing Amendment to the First Lien Term Loan. The Repricing Amendment reduced the applicable interest rate margins on the First Lien Term Loan from to for the term loans bearing interest at rates based on the base rate, and from to for the term loans bearing interest at rates based on the secured overnight financing rate. In addition to the change in the applicable margin rate, the Company is no longer subject to a CSA rate of . Interest is payable in arrears (with respect to Base Rate loans) or at the end of an interest period selected by the Company (with respect to SOFR loans). The outstanding loan balance is to be repaid on a quarterly basis in an amount equal to of the original balance of the amended loan, with the remaining principal due on the maturity date of August 3, 2030. The debt was secured by substantially all of the Company s business assets. There are no prepayment penalties if the Company makes voluntary prepayments on the outstanding principal balance. The interest rate on the First Lien Term Loan as of September 28, 2024 was , which is a variable rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR and includes an applicable margin percentage of . 
 The Repricing Amendment was accounted for in accordance with ASC 470-50, Debt - Modification and Extinguishment. The First Lien Term Loan consists of a syndicate of lenders which were evaluated, for accounting purposes, as individual lenders. Certain lenders exited the Term Loan credit facility in connection with the Repricing Amendment, which resulted in extinguishment accounting. There were of borrowings held by lenders in the First Lien Term Loan as amended by the Repricing Amendment, that were also held by lenders in the First Lien Term Loan prior to the Repricing Amendment. 
 As a result, the Company wrote off an immaterial portion of unamortized debt financing costs associated with the First Lien Term Loan prior to the Repricing Agreement, that was deemed extinguished and recognized within Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income. In conjunction with the Repricing Amendment, the Company incurred of costs from third parties that did not qualify for capitalization of deferred finance costs, and were expensed within Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 of capitalizable deferred finance costs, which will be amortized over the remaining term of the modified loan. Amortization of deferred loan costs is included in interest expense on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Amortization of approximately and was recognized for the three month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and and was recognized for the nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively . 
 19 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 10. 
 year and years, and some include options to extend (generally to years). Lease agreements generally do not include material variable lease payments, residual value guarantees, or restrictive covenants. 
 Finance lease assets Right-of-use assets, net Total leased assets Liabilities: Current: Operating Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Financing Current maturities of long-term debt Noncurrent: Operating Other long-term liabilities Financing Long-term debt Total lease liabilities 
 Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total lease cost 
 Other information related to leases was as follows: September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (in years) Operating Leases Finance Leases Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating Leases Finance Leases 
 20 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of future lease payments 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of future lease payments 
 
 11. 
 and on pre-tax income of and resulting in an effective tax rate of and , respectively. During the nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a total income tax provision of approximately and on pre-tax income of and resulting in an effective tax rate of and , respectively. For the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024, effective tax rates were primarily impacted by the change in statutory rate differentials, changes in estimated state income tax and apportionment rates, and permanent differences. For the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, effective rates were primarily impacted by statutory rate differentials, changes in estimated tax rates, and permanent differences. 
 
 21 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 12. 
 Unbilled receivables at September 28, 2024 
 Contract assets at September 28, 2024 
 Revenues in excess of billings at December 30, 2023 
 Unbilled receivables at December 30, 2023 
 Contract assets at December 30, 2023 
 Contract liabilities at December 30, 2023 
 Contract liabilities at September 28, 2024 
 
 During the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024, the Company recognized revenue of approximately and , respectively, related to contract liabilities at December 30, 2023. 
 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 Product revenues transferred over time Service revenues transferred over time 
 Janus International 
 Product revenues transferred at a point in time Service revenues transferred over time Eliminations ) ) ) ) Total Revenue 

22 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Self-storage - R3 
 Commercial and others 
 
 Janus International 
 Self-storage - new construction 
 Self-storage - R3 
 Eliminations ) ) ) ) Total Revenue 

13. 
 shares. 
 The Company measures compensation expense for share-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). During the nine month period ended September 28, 2024, the Company granted share-based awards including restricted stock units RSUs and performance-based restricted stock units PSUs under the Plan. The grant date fair value of RSUs and PSUs is equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock on either: (i) the date of grant; or (ii) the previous trading day, depending on the level of administration required. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur, any unvested RSUs, PSUs or stock options are forfeited upon a Termination of Service, as defined in the Plan, or as otherwise provided in the applicable award agreement or determined by the Company s Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. In connection with the equity awards, the share-based compensation expense was and for the three month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and and for the nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The income tax benefit from share-based compensation was and for the three month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and and for the nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Unit Grants 
 . RSU activity for the nine month period ended September 28, 2024 is as follows: 
 (amounts in millions, except share and per share data) 
 RSUs Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value 
 Unvested, outstanding at December 30, 2023 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested, outstanding at September 28, 2024 
 
 Share-based compensation expense for RSUs is recognized straight line over the respective vesting period, reduced for actual forfeitures, and included in general and administrative expense in the accompanying Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Total compensation expense related to the above awards was approximately and for the three month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and and for the nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 28, 2024, there was an aggregate of of unrecognized expense related to the RSUs granted, which the Company expects to amortize over a weighted-average period of years. 
 23 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 cumulative adjusted EBITDA. The number of PSUs that become earned can range between and of the original target number of PSUs. PSUs are subject to a performance cliff-vesting period. 
 Granted Vested Forfeited ) Unvested, outstanding at September 28, 2024 (1)(2) 
 
 (1) This number excludes performance stock units, which represents the incremental number of units that would be issued based on performance results from previously-granted PSU awards. 
 (2) This number includes performance stock units, which are projecting to payout at due to performance results from previously-granted PSU awards. 
 Share-based compensation expense for PSUs is recognized straight line over the requisite vesting period, reduced for actual forfeitures, and included in general and administrative expense in the accompanying Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Total compensation (benefit) expense related to the PSUs was approximately ) and for the three month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and and for the nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 28, 2024, there was an aggregate of of unrecognized expense related to the PSUs granted, which the Company expects to amortize over a weighted-average period of years. 
 The above table represents PSUs assuming of target payout at the time of the grant. The actual payout of the 2022 grants will be in a range of to , depending on performance results for the performance period from January 2, 2022, through December 28, 2024. As of September 28, 2024, the Company deemed the estimate of the PSUs granted in fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to be issued at of target, and have reflected such estimates within the share-based compensation expense. 
 The actual payout of the 2023 grants will be in a range of to , depending on performance results for the performance period from January 1, 2023, through December 27, 2025. As of September 28, 2024, the Company deemed the estimate of the PSUs granted in the nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 to be issued at of target, and have reflected such estimates within the share-based compensation expense. 
 The actual payout of the 2024 grants will be in a range of to , depending on performance results for the performance period from January 1, 2024, through December 26, 2026. As of September 28, 2024, the Company deemed the estimate of the PSUs granted in the nine month period ended September 28, 2024 to be issued at of target, and have reflected such estimates within the share-based compensation expense. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options are granted by applying a Black-Scholes valuation model to determine the fair value on the grant date. Stock options are subject to a vesting period of either three or . Stock option awards typically vest in or annual installments on each annual anniversary of the vesting commencement date for the duration of the vesting period, and expire from the grant date. 
 The principal assumptions utilized in valuing stock options include, the expected option life, the risk-free interest rate (an estimate based on the yield of United States Treasury zero coupon with a maturity equal to the expected life of the option), the expected stock price volatility using the historical and implied price volatility, and the expected dividend yield. 
 24 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 28, 2024 
 Outstanding, unvested Outstanding, vested 
 and for the three month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and and for the nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. Total unamortized share-based compensation expense related to the unvested stock options as of September 28, 2024, was approximately , which the Company expects to amortize over a weighted-average period of years. 
 25 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 14. 
 Denominator: Weighted average number of shares: Basic Adjustment for dilutive securities Diluted Basic net income per share attributable to common stockholders Diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders 
 
 15. 
 of its common stock. The repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date and may be terminated by the Company s Board of Directors at any time. As of September 28, 2024, is remaining under the share repurchase program. There was no repurchase program in place in the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 imposes a 1 excise tax on share repurchases in excess of issuances, which is effective for Janus for repurchases completed after December 31, 2022. We reflect the excise tax within equity as part of the repurchase of the common stock. 
 
 Share repurchase cost (including excise taxes) 

26 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 16. 
 reportable segments: Janus North America and Janus International, in accordance with ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting. The Janus International segment is comprised of JIE, with its production and sales located largely in Europe. The Janus North America segment is comprised of all the other entities including Janus Core, BETCO, NOKE, ASTA, DBCI, ACT, Janus Door, U.S. Door, Steel Door Depot, Janus Canada and Terminal Door. 
 
 Janus International Intersegment eliminations ) ) ) ) Consolidated Revenue Income From Operations Janus North America Janus International Total Segment Operating Income Depreciation Expense Janus North America Janus International Consolidated Depreciation Expense Amortization of Intangible Assets Janus North America Janus International Consolidated Amortization Expense Purchases of property, plant, and equipment 
 Janus North America Janus International Consolidated purchases of property, plant, and equipment 
 
 September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 Property, Plant, and Equipment, Net 
 Janus North America Janus International Consolidated Property, Plant, and Equipment, Net 
 Identifiable Assets Janus North America Janus International Intersegment Eliminations ) ) Consolidated Assets 
 Assets held at foreign locations were approximately and as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. Revenues earned at foreign locations totaled approximately and for the three month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and and for the nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 27 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 17. 
 of its facilities and phase one of the 2024 restructuring plan to improve operational excellence to support our corporate strategy. The Company incurred costs associated with restructuring initiatives intended to improve operating performance, profitability and efficiency of business processes. Restructuring charges include: severance costs, relocations costs, recruiting fees affiliated with hiring new personnel, legal costs, and contract cancellation costs. 
 
 The Company records restructuring charges when they are probable and estimable. Restructuring costs are accrued when the Company announces the closure or restructuring event, and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. Restructuring costs are included in general and administrative expenses on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Legal, consulting, and other costs Total restructuring charges 
 
 Restructuring charges Payments ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 Balance at December 30, 2023 
 Restructuring charges Payments ) Balance at September 28, 2024 

18. 
 as of both September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023. Provision for losses expected under this program is recorded based upon the Company s estimates of the aggregate liability for claims incurred and totaled approximately and as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. The amount of actual losses incurred could differ materially from the estimates reflected in these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Under the Company s health insurance program, coverage is obtained for catastrophic exposures under which the Company retains a portion of certain expected losses. The Company has stop loss insurance for claims in excess of as of both September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023. Provision for losses expected under this program is recorded based upon the Company s estimates of the aggregate liability for claims incurred and totaled approximately and as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. The amount of actual losses incurred could differ materially from the estimates reflected in these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 28 

Janus International Group, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 19. 
 
 29 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 JANUS S MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information which Janus s management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of consolidated results of operations and financial condition. You should read the following discussion and analysis of Janus s financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (the Form 10-Q and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in Janus s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023. 
 Certain information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, including information with respect to plans and strategy for Janus s business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors, Janus s actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, capital expenditures, economic and competitive conditions, regulatory changes and other uncertainties, as well as those factors discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. 
 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this Janus s Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section to Janus, we, us, our, and other similar terms refer to Janus International Group Inc. (Parent) and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Percentage amounts included in this Form 10-Q have not in all cases been calculated on the basis of such rounded figures, but on the basis of such amounts prior to rounding. For this reason, percentage amounts in this Form 10-Q may vary from those obtained by performing the same calculations using the figures in our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. Certain other amounts that appear in this Form 10-Q may not sum due to rounding. 
 Dollar amounts are shown in millions of dollars, unless otherwise noted, and rounded to the nearest tenth of a million except for share and per share amounts. 
 
 Introduction 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is a supplement to the accompanying Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, and provides additional information on our business, recent developments, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources, cash flows and results of operations. MD A is organized as follows: 
 Business Overview: This section provides a general description of our business, and a discussion of management s general outlook regarding market demand, our competitive position and product innovation, as well as recent developments that we believe are important to understanding our results of operations and financial condition or in understanding anticipated future trends. 
 Basis of Presentation: This section provides a discussion of the basis on which our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared. 
 Results of Operations: This section provides an analysis of our unaudited results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources: This section provides a discussion of our financial condition and an analysis of our unaudited cash flows for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. This section also provides a discussion of our contractual obligations, other purchase commitments and customer credit risk that existed at September 28, 2024, as well as a discussion of our ability to fund our future commitments and ongoing operating activities through internal and external sources of capital. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates: This section identifies and summarizes those accounting estimates that significantly impact our reported results of operations and financial condition and require significant judgment or estimates on the part of management in their application. 
 
 Business Overview 
 Janus is a global manufacturer and supplier of turn-key self-storage, commercial, and industrial building solutions including: roll up and swing doors, hallway systems, relocatable storage units, and facility and door automation technologies with manufacturing operations in Georgia, Texas, Arizona, Indiana, North Carolina, Poland, United Kingdom U.K. ), and Australia. The self-storage industry is comprised of institutional and non-institutional facilities. Institutional facilities typically include multi-story, climate controlled facilities located in prime 
 30 

locations owned and/or managed by large Real Estate Investment Trusts REITs or returns-driven operators of scale and are primarily located in the top 50 U.S. metropolitan statistical areas MSAs ), whereas the vast majority of non-institutional facilities are single-story, non-climate controlled facilities located outside of city centers owned and/or managed by smaller private operators that are mostly located outside of the top 50 U.S. MSAs. Janus is highly integrated with customers at every phase of a project, including facility planning/design, construction, access control and the restoration, rebuilding, and replacement R3 of self-storage facilities. 
 Our business is operated through two geographic regions that comprise our two reportable segments: Janus North America and Janus International. The Janus International segment is comprised of JIEH, whose production and sales are largely in Europe and Australia. The Janus North America segment is comprised of all the other entities including Janus International Group, LLC Janus Core ), together with each of its operating subsidiaries, Betco, Inc. BETCO ), Noke, Inc. NOKE ), Asta Industries, Inc. ASTA ), Access Control Technologies, LLC ACT ), U.S. Door Building Components, LLC U.S. Door ), Janus Door, LLC Janus Door ), Steel Door Depot.com, LLC Steel Door Depot ), Janus International Canada, Ltd. Janus Canada ), and Terminal Door, LLC Terminal Door ). 
 Furthermore, our business is comprised of three primary sales channels: self-storage - new construction, self-storage - R3 (R3), and commercial and other. The commercial and other category is primarily comprised of roll-up sheet and rolling steel door sales into the commercial marketplace. 
 New construction consists of engineering and project management work pertaining to the design, building, and logistics of a greenfield new self-storage facility tailored to customer specifications while being compliant with ADA regulations. Any Nok Smart Entry System revenue associated with a new construction project also rolls up into this sales channel. 
 The concept of R3 is to remodel self-storage facilities including storage unit doors, hallways, ceilings, offices, optimizing unit mix and utilizing vacant land for movable storage units (Janus MASS relocatable storage units), and adding a more robust security solution to enable customers to (1) charge higher rental rates and (2) compete with modern self-storage facilities and large operators. In addition, the R3 sales channel includes new self-storage capacity being brought online through conversions and expansions. R3 transforms facilities through door replacement, facility upgrades, Nok Smart Entry Systems, and relocatable storage MASS (Moveable Additional Storage Structures). 
 Commercial light duty steel roll-up doors are designed for applications that require less frequent and less demanding operations. Janus offers heavy duty commercial grade steel doors (minimized dead-load, or constant weight of the curtain itself) perfect for warehouses, commercial buildings, and terminals, designed with a higher gauge and deeper guides, which combat the heavy scale of use with superior strength and durability. Janus also offers rolling steel doors known for minimal maintenance and easy installation with, but not limited to, the following options for: commercial slat doors, heavy duty service doors, fire doors, fire rated counter shutters, insulated service doors, counter shutters and grilles. Following the T.M.C. Acquisition (hereinafter defined), our business expanded to provide trucking terminal renovation, construction, remodeling, and maintenance services to trucking customers in the Southeast United States. 
 
 Executive Overview 
 Janus s operational and corporate strategy is to penetrate the self-storage, commercial and industrial storage markets, as well as capitalizing on the aging self-storage facilities, while continuing to diversify our products and solutions. Janus is a bespoke provider of products and solutions for our clients. 
 Revenues decreased to 230.1 for the three month period ending September 28, 2024 compared to 280.1 for the three month period ending September 30, 2023. 
 
 Net income decreased to 11.8 for the three month period ending September 28, 2024, compared to 37.0 for the three month period ending September 30, 2023. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased to 43.1 for the three month period ending September 28, 2024 compared to 76.2 for the three month period ending September 30, 2023. 
 
 Cash flows from operations of 102.6 and free cash flow of 88.6 were generated for the nine month period ending September 28, 2024 compared to 146.5 cash flows from operations and 133.0 free cash flow for the nine month period ending September 30, 2023. 
 
 Common stock worth 45.5 was repurchased in the three months ended September 28, 2024, which consisted of 4,265,363 shares, as part of our previously announced 100.0 share repurchase program. Common stock worth 70.9 was repurchased in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, which consisted of 6,038,919 shares, as part of our previously announced 100.0 share repurchase program. 
 
 Information regarding use of Adjusted EBITDA, Free Cash Flow, and Net Leverage Ratio each a non-GAAP measure, and a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure, are included in Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 31 

Business Segment Information 
 Our business is operated through two geographic regions that comprise our two reportable segments: Janus North America and Janus International. 
 Janus North America produces and provides various fabricated components such as commercial and self-storage doors, walls, hallway systems, metal roof panels, metal wall panels and building components used primarily by owners or builders of self-storage facilities. Installation services are also provided along with the products. Janus also provides industrial building solutions. Janus North America represents approximately 90 - 95 of the Company s revenue. 
 The Janus International segment, whose production and sales are largely in Europe and Australia, produces and provides similar products and services as Janus North America, with the exception that the international segment does not sell into the Commercial sales channel. Janus International represents approximately 5 - 10 of Janus s revenue. 
 Acquisitions 
 Our accretive merger and acquisition M A strategy focuses on (i) portfolio diversification into attractive and logical adjacencies, (ii) geographic expansion, and (iii) technological innovation. Inorganic growth, through acquisitions, serves to increase Janus s strategic growth. 
 On May 17, 2024, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Terminal Door, acquired 100 of the business operations (the T.M.C. Acquisition of Smith T.M.C., Inc., a Georgia corporation, Jerry O.Smith Company, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, and J.O.S. Realty, Inc., a Georgia corporation (collectively, the T.M.C. Sellers ). Pursuant to the asset purchase agreement for such acquisition, Terminal Door acquired substantially all the assets of the T.M.C. Sellers related to the business of trucking terminal renovation, construction, remodeling, and maintenance for total consideration of . 
 Human Capital 
 Human capital is also one of the main cost drivers of the manufacturing, selling, and administrative processes of Janus. As a result, management believes that headcount reflects Janus s operational status, indicating whether the business is expanding or contracting. As of September 28, 2024, and September 30, 2023, the headcount was 2,306 employees (including 375 temporary employees) and 2,374 employees (including 503 temporary employees), respectively. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been derived from the accounts of Janus and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Janus s fiscal year follows a 4-4-5 calendar which divides a year into four quarters of 13 weeks, grouped into two 4-week months and one 5-week month. As a result, some monthly comparisons are not comparable as one month is longer than the other two. The major advantage of a 4-4-5 calendar is that the end date of the period is always the same day of the week, making manufacturing planning easier as every period is the same length. Every fifth or sixth year will require a 53rd week. 
 We have presented results of operations, including the related discussion and analysis for: 
 The thirteen week period ended September 28, 2024 compared to the thirteen week period ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Product Revenues. Product revenues represent the revenue from the sale of products, including steel roll-up and swing doors, rolling steel doors, steel structures, as well as hallway systems and facility and door automation technologies for commercial and self-storage customers. Product revenue is recognized upon transfer of control to the customer, which generally takes place at the point of destination. Product revenues also include all revenues affiliated with erecting a self-storage facility for our customers, which is recognized over-time, over the life of the contract. We expect our product revenue may vary from period to period based on, among other things, the timing and size of orders and delivery of products and the impact of significant transactions. Revenues are monitored and analyzed as a function of sales reporting within the following sales channels; new construction, R3, and commercial and other. 
 Service Revenues. Service revenues reflect installation services to customers for facilities, including steel roll-up and swing doors, hallway systems, and relocatable storage units, which is recognized over time based on the satisfaction of our performance obligation. Janus is highly integrated with customers at every phase of a project, including facility planning/design, construction, access control and R3 of damaged, or end-of-life products or rebranding of facilities due to market consolidation. Service revenues also include trucking terminal renovation, construction, remodeling, and maintenance services to trucking customers. 
 Service obligations are primarily short term and completed within a one-year time period. We expect our service revenue to increase as we add new customers and our existing customers continue to add more and more content per square foot. 
 Product Cost of Revenues. Product costs of revenues includes the manufacturing cost of our steel roll-up and swing doors, rolling steel doors, steel structures, and hallway systems which primarily consists of amounts paid to our third-party contract suppliers and personnel-related costs directly associated with manufacturing operations, depreciation on certain assets, as well as other overhead and indirect costs. Our product cost of revenues includes warranty costs, excess and obsolete inventory charges, shipping costs, cost of spare or replacement parts, 
 32 

and an allocated portion of overhead costs, including depreciation. Product costs of revenues also include all costs affiliated with erecting a self-storage facility for our customers. We expect our product cost of revenues to correlate to our product revenues. 
 Service Cost of Revenues. Cost of services includes third-party installation-based subcontractor costs directly associated with the installation of our products. We expect our service cost of revenues to correlate to our service revenues. 
 Selling and Marketing Expense. Selling expenses consist primarily of compensation and benefits of employees engaged in selling activities as well as related travel, advertising, and trade shows/conventions. We expect selling expenses to correlate to overall revenues, with some deviations for strategic investments. 
 General and Administrative Expense . General and administrative G A expenses are comprised primarily of expenses relating to back office employee compensation and benefits, provision for expected credit losses, travel, meals and entertainment expenses as well as depreciation on certain assets, and amortization. We expect general and administrative expenses to correlate to overall revenues, with some deviations for strategic investments. 
 Interest Expense, net. Consists of interest expense on short-term and long-term debt and amortization on deferred financing fees (see Note 9 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q for additional information), partially offset by interest income earned on cash equivalents. 
 
 Key Performance Measures 
 Management evaluates the performance of its reportable segments based on the revenue of services and products, gross profit, operating margins, and cash from business operations. We use Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial metric, as a supplemental measure of our performance in order to provide investors with an improved understanding of underlying performance trends. Please see the section Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for further discussion of this financial measure, including the reasons why we use such financial measures and reconciliations of such financial measures to the nearest GAAP financial measures. 
 The following tables set forth key performance measures for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Variance September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 
 
 Total Revenue 
 230.1 280.1 (50.0) (17.9) Adjusted EBITDA 
 43.1 76.2 (33.1) (43.4) Adjusted EBITDA of revenue) 
 18.7 27.2 (8.5) 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended Variance September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 
 
 Total Revenue 
 733.0 802.6 (69.6) (8.7) Adjusted EBITDA 
 173.9 211.4 (37.5) (17.7) Adjusted EBITDA of revenue) 
 23.7 26.3 (2.6) 

Total revenue decreased by 50.0 or 17.9 for the three month period ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three month period ended September 30, 2023, and decreased by 69.6 or 8.7 for the nine month period ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine month period ended September 30, 2023. The 63.7 and 87.3 decline in organic revenue for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively, is attributed to a decline in volume associated with customer deferrals of projects from the uncertainty in the economic and interest rate environment. The organic decline was partially offset by 13.7 and 17.7 in inorganic revenue from the T.M.C. Acquisition, for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively. 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased by 33.1 or 43.4 for the three month period ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three month period ended September 30, 2023, and decreased by 37.5 or 17.7 for the nine month period ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine month period ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreased margin from the decrease in revenue as noted above, as well as the increase in provision for expected losses on accounts receivable, and a decline from leverage on fixed costs, yielding a lower margin, partially offset by inorganic revenue and EBITDA from the T.M.C. Acquisition. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue decreased 850bps and 260bps for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA in the three and nine month period ended September 28, 2024, was primarily due to the items noted above. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures section). 
 33 

Factors Affecting the Results of Operations 
 Key Factors Affecting the Business and Financial Statements 
 Janus s management believes our performance and future growth depends on a number of factors that present significant opportunities but also pose risks and challenges. 
 Factors Affecting Revenues 
 Janus s revenues from products sold are driven by economic conditions, which impacts new construction of self-storage facilities, R3 of self-storage facilities, and commercial revenue. 
 Janus periodically modifies sales prices of its products due to changes in costs for raw materials and energy, market conditions, labor and logistics costs and the competitive environment. In certain cases, realized price increases are less than the announced price increases due to project pricing, competitive reactions and changing market conditions. 
 Janus also offers a wide assortment of products that are differentiated by style, design, and performance attributes. Pricing and margins for products within the assortment vary. In addition, changes in the relative quantity of products purchased at different price points can impact year-to-year comparisons of net sales and operating income. 
 Service revenue is driven by the product revenue and the increase in value-added services, such as installation and general contracting, project management, and third-party security. Janus differentiates itself through on-time delivery, efficient installation, customer service satisfaction, and a reputation for high quality products. 
 Factors Affecting Growth Through Acquisitions 
 Janus s business strategy includes growth through the acquisition of other companies that yield our acceptable internal rate of return. Janus evaluates companies that it believes will strategically fit into its business and growth objectives, including those that will support its overall strategy of portfolio diversification, geographic expansion, and technological innovation, among other areas of focus. While Janus seeks acquisition opportunities that it believes will augment its business and growth objectives, certain factors could prevent acquisition opportunities from materializing, including target-company availability, relative valuation expectations, and certain due diligence considerations, among other factors. 
 Factors Affecting Operating Costs 
 Janus s operating expenses are comprised of direct production costs (principally raw materials, labor, and energy), manufacturing overhead costs, freight, costs to purchase sourced products, selling and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. 
 Janus s largest individual raw material expenditure is steel coils. Fluctuations in the prices of steel coil are generally beyond Janus s control and have a direct impact on the financial results. Janus enters into agreements with large suppliers in order to lock in steel coil prices for part of Janus s production needs. These agreements are renewed annually and partially mitigate the potential impacts of short-term steel coil price fluctuations. These arrangements allow Janus to purchase quantities of product within specified ranges as outlined in the contracts. 
 Outbound freight costs are driven by Janus s volume of product revenues and are subject to the freight market pricing environment. 

34 

Results of Operations - Consolidated 
 The period to period comparisons of our results of operations have been prepared using the historical periods included in our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included elsewhere in this document. The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented in dollars and as a percentage of total revenue. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 For the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023: 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Variance September 28, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 REVENUES Product revenues (1) 
 175.9 237.8 (61.9) (26.0) Service revenues 54.2 42.3 11.9 28.1 Total revenues 
 230.1 280.1 (50.0) (17.9) Product cost of revenues 102.6 129.7 (27.1) (20.9) Service cost of revenues 36.3 31.3 5.0 16.0 Cost of revenues 
 138.9 161.0 (22.1) (13.7) GROSS PROFIT 91.2 119.1 (27.9) (23.4) OPERATING EXPENSES Selling and marketing 17.1 17.7 (0.6) (3.4) General and administrative 44.6 34.9 9.7 27.8 Impairment 
 2.8 2.8 100.0 Operating expenses 
 64.5 52.6 11.9 22.6 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 26.7 66.5 (39.8) (59.8) Interest expense, net (11.6) (14.5) 2.9 (20.0) Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt (3.9) 3.9 (100.0) Other income 1.3 (1.3) 100.0 INCOME BEFORE TAXES 15.1 49.4 (34.3) (69.4) Provision for income taxes 
 3.3 12.4 (9.1) (73.4) NET INCOME 11.8 37.0 (25.2) (68.1) 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended Variance September 28, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 REVENUES Product revenues (1) 
 596.8 686.0 (89.2) (13.0) Service revenues 136.2 116.6 19.6 16.8 Total revenues 
 733.0 802.6 (69.6) (8.7) Product cost of revenues 332.5 380.4 (47.9) (12.6) Service cost of revenues 89.9 86.9 3.0 3.5 Cost of revenues 
 422.4 467.3 (44.9) (9.6) GROSS PROFIT 310.6 335.3 (24.7) (7.4) OPERATING EXPENSES Selling and marketing 51.8 49.2 2.6 5.3 General and administrative 122.2 104.3 17.9 17.2 Impairment 
 2.8 2.8 100.0 Operating expenses 
 176.8 153.5 23.3 15.2 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 133.8 181.8 (48.0) (26.4) Interest expense, net (38.9) (45.3) 6.4 (14.1) Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt (1.7) (3.9) 2.2 (56.4) Other income 0.2 1.1 (0.9) (81.8) INCOME BEFORE TAXES 93.4 133.7 (40.3) (30.1) Provision for income taxes 
 23.3 33.7 (10.4) (30.9) NET INCOME 70.1 100.0 (29.9) (29.9) 
 35 

Revenues (Dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 
 Three Months Ended Variance Variance Breakdown September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 

Acquisition Revenue Organic Growth Organic Growth Product revenues (1) 
 175.9 237.8 (61.9) (26.0) (61.9) (26.0) Service revenues 
 54.2 42.3 11.9 28.1 13.7 (1.8) (4.3) Total 230.1 280.1 (50.0) (17.9) 13.7 (63.7) (22.7) 
 Nine Months Ended Variance Variance Breakdown September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 

Acquisition Revenue Organic Growth Organic Growth Product revenues (1) 
 596.8 686.0 (89.2) (13.0) (89.2) (13.0) Service revenues 
 136.2 116.6 19.6 16.8 17.7 1.9 1.6 Total 733.0 802.6 (69.6) (8.7) 17.7 (87.3) (10.9) 
 (1) Product revenues include product revenues transferred at a point in time and product revenues transferred over time. 
 Total revenue decreased by 50.0 or 17.9 for the three month period ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three month period ended September 30, 2023, and decreased by 69.6 or 8.7 for the nine month period ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine month period ended September 30, 2023. The organic revenue decline for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 is substantially all attributed to a decline in volume associated with customer deferrals of projects from the uncertainty in the economic and interest rate environment. The organic decline was partially offset by 13.7 and 17.7 in inorganic revenue from the T.M.C. Acquisition, for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. 
 The following tables and discussion compares Janus s sales by sales channel: 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Variance 
 Consolidated 
 September 28, 2024 of sales 
 September 30, 2023 of sales 

Self-storage - new construction 
 92.2 40.1 105.5 37.7 (13.3) (12.6) Self-storage - R3 
 56.9 24.7 86.7 31.0 (29.8) (34.4) Total self-storage 
 149.1 64.8 192.2 68.6 (43.1) (22.4) Commercial and other 
 81.0 35.2 87.9 31.4 (6.9) (7.8) Total 230.1 100.0 280.1 100.0 (50.0) (17.9) 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended Variance 
 Consolidated 
 September 28, 2024 of sales 
 September 30, 2023 of sales 

Self-storage - new construction 
 319.5 43.6 291.9 36.4 27.6 9.5 Self-storage - R3 
 189.1 25.8 252.5 31.5 (63.4) (25.1) Total self-storage 
 508.6 69.4 544.4 67.8 (35.8) (6.6) Commercial and other 
 224.4 30.6 258.2 32.2 (33.8) (13.1) Total 733.0 100.0 802.6 100.0 (69.6) (8.7) 
 New construction sales decreased by 13.3 or 12.6 and increased by 27.6 or 9.5 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease for the three month period ended September 28, 2024 was due to project deferrals associated with macroeconomic uncertainty. The increase for the nine month period ended September 28, 2024 was driven by the elevated occupancy rates and demand within the Self storage - new construction sales channel. 
 R3 sales decreased by 29.8 or 34.4 and 63.4 or 25.1 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The R3 sales decrease was due to project deferrals associated with macroeconomic uncertainty as well as a 50 decline in facility expansion and retail big-box conversion activity. 
 36 

Commercial and other sales decreased by 6.9 or 7.8 and 33.8 or 13.1 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was attributable to a decline in volumes for rolling sheet doors in the carports and sheds market, partially offset by 13.7 and 17.7 in inorganic revenue from the T.M.C. Acquisition, respectively. 
 Cost of Revenues and Gross Margin (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 
 Three Months Ended Variance Variance Breakdown September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 
 Acquisition Cost Organic Growth Organic Growth Product cost of revenues 102.6 129.7 (27.1) (20.9) (27.1) (20.9) Service cost of revenues 36.3 31.3 5.0 16.0 9.4 (4.4) (14.1) Cost of Revenues 138.9 161.0 (22.1) (13.7) 9.4 (31.5) (19.6) 
 
 Nine Months Ended Variance Variance Breakdown September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 
 Acquisition Cost Organic Growth Organic Growth Product cost of revenues 332.5 380.4 (47.9) (12.6) (47.9) (12.6) Service cost of revenues 89.9 86.9 3.0 3.5 12.3 (9.3) (10.7) Cost of Revenues 422.4 467.3 (44.9) (9.6) 12.3 (57.2) (12.2) 
 The cost of revenues decreased by 22.1 or 13.7 and 44.9 or 9.6 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease in product cost of revenues of 27.1 and 47.9 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively, is primarily attributable to the decline in volume. The increase in service cost of revenues of 5.0 and 3.0 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively, is primarily attributable to the T.M.C. Acquisition partially offset by the decline in organic volume. 
 Operating Expenses - Selling and marketing 
 Selling and marketing expense decreased 0.6 or 3.4 and increased 2.6 or 5.3 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023. The decrease for the three month period is due to a decrease in employee related expenses. The increase for the nine month period is due to an increase from strategic initiatives. 
 Operating Expenses - General and administrative 
 General and administrative expenses increased 9.7 or 27.8 and 17.9 or 17.2 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase for the three and nine months is primarily a result of the increase for the provision of expected credit losses for customers based on higher uncertainty of collectability as a result of macroeconomic impacts and increases in employee expenses as a result of strategic initiatives. 
 Intangible Asset Impairment 
 Due to the overall decline in our revenues, earnings, and cash flows compared to expectations and historical periods, we recognized a non-cash impairment of 2.8 on our DBCI Tradename, for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Interest expense, net decreased 2.9 or 20.0 and 6.4 or 14.1 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily due to voluntary debt repayments of 21.9 million during the nine month period ended September 28, 2024 and 85.3 million throughout the 2023 fiscal period, as well as the Repricing Agreement in April 2024, which lowered the overall interest rate, and the investment in cash equivalents, which resulted in interest income of 0.8 and 1.2 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively. See Liquidity and Capital Resources section). 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense decreased by 9.1 or 73.4 and 10.4 or 30.9 from 12.4 and 33.7 for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively, to 3.3 and 23.3 expense for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively, due to a decrease in income before taxes. 
 Net Income 
 The 25.2 or 68.1 and 29.9 or 29.9 decrease in net income for three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively, is largely due to a decrease in revenues and increase in operating expenses partially offset by a decrease in cost of revenues for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024. 
 37 

Segment Results of Operations 
 We operate in and report financial results for two segments: Janus North America and Janus International with the following sales channels: self-storage - new construction, self-storage - R3, and commercial and other. 
 Segment operating income is the measure of profit and loss that our chief operating decision maker uses to evaluate the financial performance of the business and as the basis for resource allocation, performance reviews and compensation. For these reasons, we believe that segment operating income represents the most relevant measure of Segment profit and loss. Our chief operating decision maker may exclude certain charges or gains, such as corporate charges and other special charges, to arrive at a Segment operating income that is a more meaningful measure of profit and loss upon which to base our operating decisions. We define Segment operating margin as Segment operating income as a percentage of the segment s Net revenues. The segment discussion that follows describes the significant factors contributing to the changes in results for each segment included in Results of Operations. 
 
 Results of Operations - Janus North America 
 For the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023: 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Variance 
 September 28, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 REVENUES Product revenues 164.5 228.0 (63.5) (27.9) Service revenues 44.6 32.5 12.1 37.2 Total revenues 
 209.1 260.5 (51.4) (19.7) Product cost of revenues 93.9 123.6 (29.7) (24.0) Service cost of revenues 29.5 24.0 5.5 22.9 Cost of Revenues 
 123.4 147.6 (24.2) (16.4) GROSS PROFIT 
 85.7 112.9 (27.2) (24.1) OPERATING EXPENSES 
 Selling and marketing 
 16.0 16.9 (0.9) (5.3) General and administrative 
 41.2 31.4 9.8 31.2 Impairment 
 2.8 2.8 100.0 Operating Expenses 
 60.0 48.3 11.7 24.2 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 
 25.7 64.6 (38.9) (60.2) 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended Variance 
 September 28, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 REVENUES Product revenues 566.7 651.5 (84.8) (13.0) Service revenues 113.6 89.1 24.5 27.5 Total revenues 
 680.3 740.6 (60.3) (8.1) Product cost of revenues 310.3 358.4 (48.1) (13.4) Service cost of revenues 73.3 66.5 6.8 10.2 Cost of Revenues 
 383.6 424.9 (41.3) (9.7) GROSS PROFIT 
 296.7 315.7 (19.0) (6.0) OPERATING EXPENSES 
 Selling and marketing 
 48.6 46.8 1.8 3.8 General and administrative 
 112.5 94.1 18.4 19.6 Impairment 
 2.8 2.8 100.0 Operating Expenses 
 163.9 140.9 23.0 16.3 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 
 132.8 174.8 (42.0) (24.0) 
 
 38 

Revenue (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Variance 
 Variance Breakdown September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Acquisition Revenue Organic Growth Organic Growth Product revenues 
 164.5 228.0 (63.5) (27.9) (63.5) (27.9) Service revenues 44.6 32.5 12.1 37.2 13.7 (1.6) (4.9) Total 209.1 260.5 (51.4) (19.7) 13.7 (65.1) (25.0) 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended Variance Variance Breakdown September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Acquisition Revenue Organic Growth Organic Growth Product revenues 566.7 651.5 (84.8) (13.0) (84.8) (13.0) Service revenues 113.6 89.1 24.5 27.5 17.7 6.8 7.6 Total 680.3 740.6 (60.3) (8.1) 17.7 (78.0) (10.5) 
 Total revenue decreased by 51.4 or 19.7 and 60.3 or 8.1 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The 65.1 and 78.0 organic revenue decline for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, is substantially attributed to a decline in volume associated with customer deferrals of projects. The organic decline was partially offset by 13.7 and 17.7 in inorganic revenue from the T.M.C. acquisition, for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively. 
 
 The following tables and discussion compares Janus North America sales by sales channel. 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Variance September 28, 2024 of Total Sales 
 September 30, 2023 of Total Sales 
 
 Self-storage - new construction 
 74.0 35.4 86.7 33.3 (12.7) (14.6) Self-storage - R3 
 53.8 25.7 85.1 32.7 (31.3) (36.8) Total self-storage 
 127.8 61.1 171.8 66.0 (44.0) (25.6) Commercial and other 
 81.3 38.9 88.7 34.0 (7.4) (8.3) Total 209.1 100.0 260.5 100.0 (51.4) (19.7) 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended Variance September 28, 2024 of Total Sales 
 September 30, 2023 of Total Sales 
 
 Self-storage - new construction 
 273.7 40.2 236.0 31.9 37.7 16.0 Self-storage - R3 
 180.8 26.6 245.2 33.1 (64.4) (26.3) Total self-storage 
 454.5 66.8 481.2 65.0 (26.7) (5.5) Commercial and other 
 225.8 33.2 259.4 35.0 (33.6) (13.0) Total 680.3 100.0 740.6 100.0 (60.3) (8.1) 
 New construction sales decreased by 12.7 or 14.6 and 37.7 or 16.0 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease in organic revenue for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, is substantially attributed to a decline in volume due to project deferrals associated with macroeconomic uncertainty and the economic and interest rate environment. 
 R3 sales decreased by 31.3 or 36.8 and 64.4 or 26.3 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The R3 sales decrease was due to project deferrals associated with macroeconomic uncertainty as well as a 50 decline in facility expansion and retail big-box conversion activity. 
 39 

Commercial and other sales decreased by 7.4 or 8.3 and 33.6 or 13.0 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease was attributable to an decline in volumes for rolling sheet doors in the carports and sheds market, partially offset by 13.7 and 17.7 in inorganic revenue from the T.M.C. acquisition, respectively. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Variance Variance Breakdown September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Acquisition Cost Organic Growth Organic Growth Product cost of revenues 93.9 123.6 (29.7) (24.0) (29.7) (24.0) Service cost of revenues 29.5 24.0 5.5 22.9 9.4 (3.9) (16.3) Cost of Revenues 123.4 147.6 (24.2) (16.4) 9.4 (33.6) (22.8) 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended Variance Variance Breakdown September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Acquisition Cost Organic Growth Organic Growth Product cost of revenues 310.3 358.4 (48.1) (13.4) (48.1) (13.4) Service cost of revenues 73.3 66.5 6.8 10.2 12.3 (5.5) (8.3) Cost of Revenues 383.6 424.9 (41.3) (9.7) 12.3 (53.6) (12.6) 
 The 24.2 or 16.4 and 41.3 or 9.7 decrease in cost of revenues for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively, is primarily due to the decrease overall revenues. 
 The decrease of product cost of revenues of 29.7 and 48.1 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively, is in line with the decline in product revenues. 
 
 The increase in service cost of revenues of 5.5 and 6.8 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024, is primarily attributable to an increase in service revenues as a result of the T.M.C. Acquisition. 
 Operating Expenses - Selling and marketing 
 Selling and marketing expenses decreased 0.9 or 5.3 from 16.9 and increased 1.8 or 3.8 from 46.8 for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023 to 16.0 and 48.6 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively. The decrease for the three month period is due to a decrease in employee related expenses. The increase for the nine month period is due to an increase in professional fees. 
 Operating Expenses - General and administrative 
 General and administrative expenses increased 9.8 or 31.2 and 18.4 or 19.6 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase for the three and nine months is primarily a result of the increase for the provision of expected credit losses for customers based on higher uncertainty of collectability as a result of macroeconomic impacts and increases in employee expenses as a result of strategic initiatives. 
 Intangible Asset Impairment 
 Due to the overall decline in our revenues, earnings, cash flows compared to expectations and historical periods, we recognized a non-cash impairment of 2.8 on our DBCI Tradename. 
 Income from Operations 
 Income from operations decreased by 38.9 or 60.2 and 42.0 or 24.0 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily due to an decrease in revenue yielding a decline in margin. 
 40 

INTERNATIONAL 
 Results of Operations - Janus International - For the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023: 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Variance 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 REVENUE 
 Product revenues 11.8 10.5 1.3 12.4 Service revenues 9.5 9.9 (0.4) (4.0) Total revenues 
 21.3 20.4 0.9 4.4 Product cost of revenues 9.0 6.9 2.1 30.4 Service cost of revenues 6.8 7.3 (0.5) (6.8) Cost of revenues 
 15.8 14.2 1.6 11.3 GROSS PROFIT 
 5.5 6.2 (0.7) (11.3) OPERATING EXPENSES 
 Selling and marketing 
 1.1 0.8 0.3 37.5 General and administrative 
 3.4 3.5 (0.1) (2.9) Operating expenses 
 4.5 4.3 0.2 4.7 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 
 1.0 1.9 (0.9) (47.4) 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended Variance 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 REVENUE 
 Product revenues 31.5 35.7 (4.2) (11.8) Service revenues 22.6 27.5 (4.9) (17.8) Total revenues 
 54.1 63.2 (9.1) (14.4) Product cost of revenues 23.7 23.2 0.5 2.2 Service cost of revenues 16.5 20.4 (3.9) (19.1) Cost of revenues 
 40.2 43.6 (3.4) (7.8) GROSS PROFIT 
 13.9 19.6 (5.7) (29.1) OPERATING EXPENSES 
 Selling and marketing 
 3.2 2.5 0.7 28.0 General and administrative 
 9.8 10.1 (0.3) (3.0) Operating expenses 
 13.0 12.6 0.4 3.2 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 
 0.9 7.0 (6.1) (87.1) 
 International Revenue 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Variance 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Product revenues 
 11.8 10.5 1.3 12.4 Service revenues 
 9.5 9.9 (0.4) (4.0) Total 21.3 20.4 0.9 4.4 

Nine Months Ended Variance 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Product revenues 
 31.5 35.7 (4.2) (11.8) Service revenues 
 22.6 27.5 (4.9) (17.8) Total 54.1 63.2 (9.1) (14.4) 
 Revenues increased 0.9 or 4.4 for the three month period ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three month period ended September 30, 2023. The 9.1 or 14.4 decrease in revenue for the nine month period ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine month period ended September 30, 2023 is due to a decline in volume as a result of the U.K. recessionary period earlier in the year. 
 
 41 

The following tables illustrate the sales by channel for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Variance 
 September 28, 2024 
 of Total Sales 
 September 30, 2023 of Total Sales 
 Self-storage - new construction 
 18.2 85.4 18.8 92.2 (0.6) (3.2) Self-storage - R3 
 3.1 14.6 1.6 7.8 1.5 93.8 Total 21.3 100.0 20.4 100.0 0.9 4.4 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended Variance 
 September 28, 2024 
 of Total Sales 
 September 30, 2023 of Total Sales 
 Self-storage - new construction 
 45.8 84.7 55.9 88.4 (10.1) (18.1) Self-storage - R3 
 8.3 15.3 7.3 11.6 1.0 13.7 Total 54.1 100.0 63.2 100.0 (9.1) (14.4) 
 
 New construction sales decreased by 0.6 or 3.2 and 10.1 or 18.1 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The year-to-date decrease is due to a decline in volume as a result of the U.K. recessionary period. 
 R3 sales increased by 1.5 or 93.8 and increased by 1.0 or 13.7 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 International Cost of Revenues 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Variance September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Product cost of revenues 9.0 6.9 2.1 30.4 Service cost of revenues 6.8 7.3 (0.5) (6.8) Cost of Revenues 15.8 14.2 1.6 11.3 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended Variance September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Product cost of revenues 23.7 23.2 0.5 2.2 Service cost of revenues 16.5 20.4 (3.9) (19.1) Cost of Revenues 40.2 43.6 (3.4) (7.8) 
 Cost of revenues increased by 1.6 or 11.3 and decreases 3.4 or 7.8 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The change in cost of revenues is generally aligned with the changes in revenues to follow volume activity. 
 Income from Operations 
 Income from operations decreased from 1.9 to 1.0 for the three month period ended September 28, 2024, and from 7.0 to 0.9 for the nine month period ended September 28, 2024 compared to the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023. The decrease for the periods is primarily due to a decrease in sales volume and decline from fixed costs leverage. 
 42 

Results of Operations - Eliminations 
 Eliminations include transactions to account for intersegment activity. The eliminations necessary to arrive at consolidated financial information activity for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 are as follows: 
 
 Revenues 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 North America Segment revenues before eliminations 
 209.1 260.5 680.3 740.6 International Segment revenues before eliminations 
 21.3 20.4 54.1 63.2 Intersegment eliminations (0.3) (0.8) (1.4) (1.2) Consolidated total revenues 
 230.1 280.1 733.0 802.6 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 North America Segment cost of revenues before eliminations 
 123.4 147.6 383.6 424.9 International Segment cost of revenues before eliminations 15.8 14.2 40.2 43.6 Intersegment eliminations (0.3) (0.8) (1.4) (1.2) Consolidated total cost of revenues 138.9 161.0 422.4 467.3 

43 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. In doing so, we review and analyze our current cash on hand, borrowing capacity, days sales outstanding, inventory turns, days payable outstanding, capital expenditure forecasts, interest and principal payments on debt and income tax payments. 
 Our primary sources of liquidity include cash balances on hand, cash flows from operations, debt offerings and borrowing availability under our existing credit facility. We believe our operating cash flows, along with funds available under the line of credit, provide sufficient liquidity to support Janus s short and long-term liquidity and financing needs, which are working capital requirements, capital expenditures, service of indebtedness, and acquisitions. 
 Financial Policy 
 Our financial policy seeks to: (i) maintain appropriate leverage by using free cash flows to repay outstanding borrowing, including certain strategic capital investments, (ii) selectively invest in organic and inorganic growth to enhance our portfolio, and (iii) deploy capital through repurchases of common stock. 
 Liquidity Policy 
 We maintain a strong focus on liquidity and define our liquidity risk tolerance based on sources and uses to maintain a sufficient liquidity position to meet our obligations under both normal and stressed conditions. We manage our liquidity to provide access to sufficient funding to meet our business needs and financial obligations, as well as capital allocation and growth objectives, throughout business cycles. 
 We have operations in various foreign countries, principally the United Kingdom, France, Australia, and Poland. Therefore, changes in the value of the related currencies affect our financial statements when translated into U.S. dollars. 
 Debt Profile (dollar amounts in table in millions) Principal Amount Issuance Date Maturity Date Interest Rate Net Carrying Value September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 Notes payable - First Lien 
 600.0 August 3, 2023 (1) 
 August 3, 2030 7.75 (2) 
 600.0 623.4 Financing leases 3.7 3.4 Total principal debt 603.7 626.8 Less: unamortized deferred finance fees 10.3 11.8 Less: current portion of long-term debt 7.3 7.3 Long-term debt, net of current portion 586.1 607.7 
 (1) Represents the original issuance date for the certain First Lien Credit and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2018 (as amended to date, the First Lien Term Loan ). Subsequent to the original issuance of the First Lien Term Loan, the Company has amended the First Lien Term Loan on a number of occasions, including most recently on April 30, 2024 when the Company completed a repricing pursuant to the Repricing Amendment described below. 
 (2) The interest rate on the Repricing Amendment as of September 28, 2024, was 7.75 , which is a variable rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR plus an applicable margin percent of 2.50 . 
 As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company maintained one letter of credit totaling approximately 0.4, on which there were no balances due. 
 First Lien Term Loan - In April 2024, the Company made a voluntary prepayment of 21.9 toward the First Lien Term Loan. The Company used cash on hand to make the voluntary prepayment. 
 On April 30, 2024, the Company completed a repricing pursuant to Amendment No. 7 (the Repricing Amendment to the First Lien Term Loan. The Repricing Amendment reduced the applicable interest rate margins on the 600.0 First Lien Term Loan from 2.0 to 1.50 for the term loans bearing interest at rates based on the base rate, and from 3.00 to 2.50 for the term loans bearing interest at rates based on the SOFR rate. In addition to the change in the applicable margin rate, the Company is no longer subject to a credit spread adjustment CSA rate of 0.1 . Interest is payable in arrears (with respect to base rate loans) or at the end of an interest period selected by the Company (with respect to SOFR loans). The outstanding loan balance is to be repaid on a quarterly basis in an amount equal to 0.25 of the original balance of the amended loan, with the remaining principal due on the maturity date of August 3, 2030. The interest rate on the First Lien Term Loan as of September 28, 2024, was 7.75 , which is a variable rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR and includes an applicable margin percentage of 2.50 . In conjunction with the Repricing Amendment, the Company incurred 1.7 of costs from third parties that did not qualify for capitalization of deferred finance costs and were expensed within Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt on the 
 44 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 9 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q for a further discussion. 
 Revolving Credit Facility - The revolving credit facility bears interest at a floating rate per annum consisting of the SOFR rate plus an applicable margin percent based on excess availability and a 10 basis points flat CSA. There was no outstanding balance on the line of credit as of September 28, 2024. As of September 28, 2024, the interest rate in effect for the facility was 6.60 . The line of credit is secured by accounts receivable and inventories. See Note 8 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q for a further discussion. 
 The LOC Agreement and Amendment No. 6 First Lien contain affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations on, subject to certain exceptions, the incurrence of indebtedness, the incurrence of liens, fundamental changes, dispositions, restricted payments, investments, transactions with affiliates as well as other covenants customary for financings of these types. 
 The LOC Agreement also includes a financial covenant, applicable only when the excess availability is less than the greater of (i) 10 of the lesser of the aggregate commitments under the line of credit facility and the borrowing base, and (ii) 10.0. In such circumstances, we would be required to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio for the trailing four quarters equal to at least 1.00 to 1.00, subject to our ability to make an equity cure (no more than twice in any four quarter period and up to five times over the life of the facility). As of September 28, 2024, we were compliant with our covenants under the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness. 
 As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company maintained one letter of credit totaling approximately 0.4 on which there were no balances due. The amount available on the line of credit as of both September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 was approximately 124.6. 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 The following table presents a summary of cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the following comparative periods. For additional detail, please see the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Nine month period ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine month period ended September 30, 2023: 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 102.6 146.5 (43.9) (30.0) Net cash used in investing activities 
 (75.9) (14.4) (61.5) 427.1 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (96.4) (101.0) 4.6 (4.6) Effect of foreign currency rate changes on cash 0.1 0.2 (0.1) (50.0) Net (decrease) increase in cash 
 (69.6) 31.3 (100.9) (322.4) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 43.9 for the nine month period ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the nine month period ended September 30, 2023. This decrease of 36.2 from the net cash activity from the net working capital requirements, with a further reduction of 7.7 from the decline in net income adjusted for non-cash items. 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased by 61.5 for the nine month period ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the nine month period ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash used was primarily due to the T.M.C. Acquisition which resulted in 59.4 of cash used. 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities decreased by 4.6 for the period ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the period ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in net debt principal payments of 89.3 in the nine month period ending September 30, 2023 compared to a 23.4 payments in the nine months period ending September 28, 2024. The decrease in debt pay down was partially offset by executing on our share repurchase program of 70.2. 
 Capital allocation strategy 
 We continually assess our capital allocation strategy, including decisions relating to M A, dividends, stock repurchases, capital expenditures, and debt pay-downs. The timing, declaration and payment of future dividends, if any, falls within the discretion of Janus s Board of Directors and will depend upon many factors, including, but not limited to, Janus s financial condition and earnings, the capital requirements of the business, restrictions imposed by applicable law, and any other factors the Board of Directors deems relevant from time to time. 
 45 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Janus uses measures of performance that are not required by or presented in accordance with GAAP in the United States. Non-GAAP financial performance measures are used to supplement the financial information presented on a GAAP basis. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the relevant GAAP measures and should be read in conjunction with information presented on a GAAP basis. This section also provides a discussion of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, Free Cash Flow and Debt Leverage Ratio, which are non-GAAP financial measures that the Company uses to assess liquidity and capital allocation and deployment. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure used by Janus to evaluate its operating performance, generate future operating plans, and make strategic decisions, including those relating to operating expenses and the allocation of internal resources. EBITDA is earnings 
 before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA ). 
 Janus presents Adjusted EBITDA which is a non-GAAP financial performance measure, which excludes from reported GAAP results, the impact of items consisting of restructuring, acquisition related activities, impairment and loss on extinguishment and modification of debt, and other non-recurring charges. Janus believes such items are not indicative of normal, ongoing operations, and their inclusion in results makes for more difficult comparisons between years and with peer group companies. 
 Accordingly, Janus believes these measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating Janus s operating results in the same manner as its management and board of directors. In addition, they provide useful measures for period-to-period comparisons of Janus s business, as they remove the effect of certain non-cash items and certain variable charges. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income excluding interest expense, income taxes, depreciation expense, amortization, and acquisition related and other non-recurring items. 
 Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation of, or as an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. There are a number of limitations related to the use of Adjusted EBITDA rather than net income, which is the nearest GAAP equivalent of Adjusted EBITDA. These limitations include that the non-GAAP financial measures: 
 exclude depreciation and amortization, and although these are non-cash expenses, the assets being depreciated may be replaced in the future; 
 do not reflect interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest on debt, which reduces cash available; 
 do not reflect the provision for or benefit from income tax that may result in payments that reduce cash available; 
 exclude non-recurring items which are unlikely to occur again and have not occurred before (e.g., the extinguishment of debt); and 
 may not be comparable to similar non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies, because the expenses and other acquisition related and other non-recurring items that Janus excludes in the calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the expenses and acquisition related and other non-recurring items, if any, that other companies may exclude from these non-GAAP financial measures when they report their operating results. 
 Because of these limitations, these non-GAAP financial measures should be considered along with other operating and financial performance measures presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following tables present a reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated: 
 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Variance September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Income 11.8 37.0 (25.2) (68.1) Interest, net 11.6 14.5 (2.9) (20.0) Income taxes 
 3.3 12.4 (9.1) (73.4) Depreciation 3.0 2.2 0.8 36.4 Amortization 8.2 7.4 0.8 10.8 EBITDA 
 37.9 73.5 (35.6) (48.4) Restructuring charges (1) 
 0.4 0.2 0.2 100.0 Acquisition expense (income) (2) 
 2.0 (1.4) 3.4 (242.9) Impairment (3) 
 2.8 2.8 100.0 Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt (4) 
 3.9 (3.9) (100.0) Adjusted EBITDA 
 43.1 76.2 (33.1) (43.4) 
 
 46 

(dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended Variance September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Income 70.1 100.0 (29.9) (29.9) Interest, net 38.9 45.3 (6.4) (14.1) Income taxes 
 23.3 33.7 (10.4) (30.9) Depreciation 8.9 6.6 2.3 34.8 Amortization 23.7 22.3 1.4 6.3 EBITDA 
 164.9 207.9 (43.0) (20.7) Restructuring charges (1) 
 1.1 1.0 0.1 10.0 Acquisition expense (income) (2) 
 3.4 (1.4) 4.8 (342.9) Impairment (3) 
 2.8 2.8 100.0 Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt (4) 
 1.7 3.9 (2.2) (56.4) Adjusted EBITDA 
 173.9 211.4 (37.5) (17.7) 
 
 (1) Restructuring charges consist of the following: 1) facility relocations, and 2) severance and hiring costs associated with our strategic transformation, including executive leadership team changes, and 3) strategic business assessment and transformation projects. 
 (2) Expenses or income related to various professional fees, net working capital finalization, and legal settlements from acquisition related activities. 
 (3) Impairment consists of the write down of the DBCI Tradename intangible asset. 
 (4) Adjustments for loss on extinguishment and modification of debt are related to the write off of unamortized fees and third-party fees as a result of the debt modification completed in April 2024 and the debt refinancing of its existing First Lien Term Loan pursuant to Amendment No. 6, that occurred in August 2023. 
 Janus uses measures of performance that are not required by or presented in accordance with GAAP in the United States. Non-GAAP financial performance measures are used to supplement the financial information presented on a GAAP basis. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the relevant GAAP measures and should be read in conjunction with information presented on a GAAP basis. 

Adjusted Net Income 
 Adjusted Net Income is defined as net income attributable to shareholders, which excludes from reported GAAP results, the impact of certain items consisting of restructuring charges, acquisition related activities, and other non-recurring charges. Similar to Adjusted EBITDA, such expenses, charges, and gains are excluded since they are not indicative of Janus s normal, ongoing operations, and their inclusion in results makes for more difficult comparisons between years and with peer group companies. 
 We use Adjusted Net Income to facilitate a comparison of our operating performance on a consistent basis from period to period that, when viewed in combination with our results prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, provides a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business than does U.S. GAAP measures alone. Adjusted net income should not be considered in isolation of, or as an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted Net Income for the periods indicated: 
 (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Income 
 11.8 37.0 70.1 100.0 Net Income Adjustments (1) 
 5.2 2.7 9.0 3.5 Tax Effect on Net Income Adjustments (2) 
 (1.3) (0.7) (2.3) (0.9) Non-GAAP Adjusted Net Income 
 15.7 39.0 76.8 102.6 
 (1) Net Income Adjustments for the three months ended September 28, 2024 include 0.4 restructuring charges, 2.8 impairment charge, and 2.0 acquisition expenses. Net Income adjustments for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 include 1.1 restructuring charges, 2.8 impairment charge, 3.4 acquisition expenses and 1.7 loss on extinguishment and modification of debt. Refer to the Adjusted EBITDA table above for further details. 
 (2) The effective tax rates of 24.9 was used for the nine months ended September 28, 2024. The effective tax rates of 25.2 was used for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Janus uses measures of performance that are not required by or presented in accordance with GAAP in the United States. Non-GAAP financial performance measures are used to supplement the financial information presented on a GAAP basis. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the relevant GAAP measures and should be read in conjunction with information presented on a GAAP basis. 
 47 

Free Cash Flow 
 The Company uses a measure of free cash flow to facilitate an understanding of its ability to generate cash for reinvestment into its businesses. We define Free Cash Flow as cash flow from operating activities, less cash used in purchases of property, plant and equipment. Free Cash Flow is not intended as an alternative measure of cash flow from operations, as determined in accordance with GAAP in the United States. We use this financial measure both in presenting results to shareholders and the investment community and in our internal evaluation and management of our businesses. We believe that this financial measure and the information it provides are useful to investors because it permits investors to view our performance using the same tool that we use to gauge progress in achieving our goals. We believe that the non-GAAP financial measure Free Cash Flow is also useful to investors because it is an indication of cash flow that may be available to fund investments in future growth initiatives. Free cash flow should not be considered in isolation of, or as an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of cash flows provided by operating activities to free cash flow for the periods indicated: (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flow from operating activities 102.6 146.5 Less: purchases of property, plant and equipment 
 (14.0) (13.5) Free cash flow 
 88.6 133.0 Non-GAAP Adjusted Net Income 
 76.8 102.6 Free cash flow conversion of Non-GAAP Adjusted Net Income 
 115 130 
 Janus uses measures of performance that are not required by or presented in accordance with GAAP in the United States. Non-GAAP financial performance measures are used to supplement the financial information presented on a GAAP basis. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the relevant GAAP measures and should be read in conjunction with information presented on a GAAP basis. 
 Net Leverage Ratio 
 The Company uses the net leverage ratio as a metric to assess liquidity and the flexibility of its balance sheet. Consistent with other liquidity metrics, the Company monitors the net leverage ratio as a measure to determine the appropriate level of debt the Company believes is optimal to operate its business, and accordingly, to quantify debt capacity available for strengthening the balance sheet for strategic capital allocation and deployment through investments in the business, and for returning capital to the shareholders. The net leverage ratio is the ratio of our consolidated senior secured indebtedness reduced by cash to our trailing four-quarter consolidated EBITDA. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Long-Term Debt to Net Debt and Long-Term Debt to Net Income Ratio to Net Leverage Ratio for the periods indicated: (dollar amounts in tables in millions) 
 September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 Note payable - First Lien 600.0 623.4 Less: Cash 
 102.1 171.7 Net Debt 
 497.9 451.7 Net Income (Trailing Twelve-Month periods ended) (1) 
 105.9 135.7 Adjusted EBITDA (Trailing Twelve-Month periods ended) (2) 
 248.2 285.6 Long-Term Debt to Net Income 
 5.7 4.6 Non-GAAP Net Leverage Ratio 
 2.0 1.6 
 (1) Trailing Twelve-months Net Income for the period ended September 28, 2024 consists of the sum of Net Income as reported in the Company s Quarterly and Annual Reports, as applicable of 35.8, 30.7, 27.6 and 11.8 for the periods ended December 30, 2023, March 30, 2024, June 29, 2024 and September 28, 2024, respectively. Trailing Twelve-months Net Income for the period ended December 30, 2023 is Net Income as reported in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023. 
 (2) Trailing Twelve-months Adjusted EBITDA for the period ended September 28, 2024 consists of the sum of Adjusted EBITDA as reported in the Company s Quarterly or Annual Reports, as applicable of 74.3, 66.3, 64.5 and 43.1 for the three month periods ended December 30, 2023, March 30, 2024, June 29, 2024 and September 28, 2024, respectively. Trailing Twelve-month Adjusted EBITDA for the period ended December 30, 2023 is Adjusted EBITDA as reported in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023. 
 Janus uses measures of performance that are not required by or presented in accordance with GAAP in the United States. Non-GAAP financial performance measures are used to supplement the financial information presented on a GAAP basis. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the relevant GAAP measures and should be read in conjunction with information presented on a GAAP basis. 
 48 

Credit Ratings 
 Costs of borrowing and their respective ability to access the capital markets are affected not only by market conditions but also by the short-term and long-term credit ratings assigned to our respective debt by the major credit rating agencies. 
 In determining our credit ratings, the rating agencies consider a number of quantitative factors, including but not limited to, debt to total capitalization, operating cash flow relative to outstanding debt, and operating cash flow coverage of interest. In addition, the rating agencies consider qualitative factors such as consistency of our earnings over time, and the quality of our management and business strategy. 
 Our debt is rated by two rating agencies: Standard Poor s Corporation (S P) and Moody s Investors Service (Moody s). As of September 28, 2024, our outlook and current debt ratings are as follows: 
 S P Moody s Corporate B+ Ba3 Senior secured long-term debt (1) 
 BB- Ba3 Outlook Positive Positive 
 (1) A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Our credit ratings may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. There can be no assurance that a rating will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered, or withdrawn entirely, by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. 

Contractual Obligations 
 Summarized below are our contractual obligations as of September 28, 2024 and their expected impact on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods (dollar amounts in millions): 
 Total 2024 2025-2026 2027-2028 Thereafter Debt obligations 
 600.0 3.0 12.0 12.0 573.0 Finance lease obligations 3.7 0.4 2.3 1.0 Supply contracts (1) 
 1.5 1.0 0.5 Operating lease obligations 52.5 1.9 14.5 12.3 23.8 Total 657.7 6.3 29.3 25.3 596.8 
 
 (1) Supply contracts relate to the multiple fixed price agreements. 
 Debt obligations are presented for the principal balance and include the First Lien Term Loan payments. The First Lien Term Loan has a maturity date of August 3, 2030. (See Note 9, Long-Term Debt, to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q for a further discussion). 
 Finance lease obligations include future payments related to finance leases. Operating lease obligations consist of future payments related to operating lease liabilities for real and personal property leases with various lease expiration dates. The amount included in the Thereafter column is primarily comprised of thirteen real property leases with expiration dates ranging from 2029 2036. Finance and operating lease obligations are presented net of imputed interest. (See Note 10, Leases, to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q for a further a discussion of future lease payments). 
 The table above does not include warranty liabilities because it is not certain when these liabilities will be funded and because they are considered immaterial. 
 In addition to the contractual obligations and commitments listed and described above, the Company also had another commitment for which it is contingently liable as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 consisting of an outstanding letter of credit of 0.4. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 For the critical accounting estimates used in preparing Janus s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Janus makes assumptions, judgments and estimates that can have a significant impact on its revenue, results from operations, and net income, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets. Janus bases its assumptions, judgments and estimates on historical experience and various other factors that Janus believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The Company s critical accounting estimates requiring significant judgment that could materially impact the Company's results of operations, financial position and cash flows are described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023. Since the date of the Company s most recent Annual Report, there have been no material changes in the Company s critical accounting estimates or assumptions. 
 49 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 See Note 2 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
 50 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 There have been no material changes in exposures to market risk since December 30, 2023. For information regarding our exposure to certain market risks, see Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the participation of certain members of management (collectively the management team evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 28, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow their timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 28, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, as specified above. Our management recognizes that any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain judgments and assumptions, and cannot provide absolute assurance that its objectives will be met. Management continues to refine and assess its overall control environment. 

51 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 See Note 18 to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, in this Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 For information regarding factors that could affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity, see the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023. 
 
 As of the date of this report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023. We may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 The following table sets forth repurchases of our common stock during the nine month period ended September 28, 2024: 
 
 (amounts in millions, except share and per share data) 
 Total number of shares purchased (1) 
 Average price paid per share (2) 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of the publicly announced program Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet to be purchased under program December 31, 2023 - January 30, 2024 January 31, 2024 - March 1, 2024 March 2, 2024 - April 1, 2024 1,019,889 14.84 1,019,889 84.9 April 2, 2024 - May 2, 2024 May 3, 2024 - June 2, 2024 June 2, 2024 - July 3, 2024 753,667 13.26 753,667 74.9 July 4, 2024 - August 3, 2024 August 4, 2024 - September 4, 2024 3,362,721 10.59 3,362,721 43.0 September 5, 2024 - September 28, 2024 902,642 10.49 902,642 29.9 Total 6,038,919 11.61 6,038,919 29.9 
 (1) On February 28, 2024, the Company announced that the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program, pursuant to which the Company is authorized to purchase up to 100.0 million of its common stock. The repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date and may be terminated by the Company s Board of Directors at any time. There were 4,265,363 and 6,038,919 shares repurchased as part of our publicly announced share repurchase program during the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 respectively. 
 (2) The share price paid per share is exclusive of 0.5 and 0.8 for the three and nine month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively, of commission and excise taxes associated with the share repurchase transactions. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 imposes a 1 excise tax on share repurchases in excess of issuances, which is effective for Janus for repurchases completed after December 31, 2022. We reflect the excise tax within equity as part of the repurchase of the common stock. 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities. 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 Equity Trading Plan Elections 
 
 (c) Certain executive officers and directors of the Company may execute purchases and sales of the Company s common stock through 10b5-1 and non-Rule 10b5-1 equity trading plans. 
 
 52 

During the three month period ended September 28, 2024, none of our executive officers or directors (as defined in Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), , , or modified a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). 
 53 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Janus International Group, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on June 24, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Janus International Group, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2024). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Janus International Group, Inc., adopted as of January 31, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Janus International Group, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 The certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 Submitted electronically with this Report in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S-T. 
 54 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: November 1, 2024 
 By: /s/ Anselm Wong Name: Anselm Wong Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 55 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit3101-section302cert.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 I, Ramey Jackson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 28, 2024 of Janus International Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 1, 2024 
 By s Ramey Jackson Ramey Jackson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit3102-section302cert.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 I, Anselm Wong, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 28, 2024 of Janus International Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 1, 2024 
 By s Anselm Wong Anselm Wong Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit3201-section906cert.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Janus International Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Ramey Jackson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 
 
 Date November 1, 2024 
 By s Ramey Jackson Ramey Jackson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit3202-section906cert.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Janus International Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Anselm Wong, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

November 1, 2024 
 By s Anselm Wong Anselm Wong Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 jbi-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 jbi-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 jbi-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 jbi-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 jbi-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

