<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1809750_0001477932-24-007062.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4958131</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>96100</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>891193</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1212376</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1084080</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1549029</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007062.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113095632
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007062
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Edible Garden AG Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001809750
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - CROPS [0100]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				850558704
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41371
		FILM NUMBER:		241451638

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		283 COUNTY ROAD 519
		CITY:			BELVIDERE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07823
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-750-3953

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		283 COUNTY ROAD 519
		CITY:			BELVIDERE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07823

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Edible Garden Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200415

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007062.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 edbl_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

edbl_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large Accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes No As of November 11, 2024, the registrant had shares of Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Page Item 1. Financial Statements Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 3 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 4 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 5 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 7 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 8 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 24 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 34 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 34 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 35 Item 1A. Risk Factors 35 Item 6. Exhibits 36 Signatures 37 2 Table of Contents EDIBLE GARDEN AG INCORPORATED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (unaudited, in thousands, except shares) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Accounts receivable, net Inventory, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net Finance lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) LIABILITIES: Current liabilities: Accounts payable and other accrued expenses Current maturities of finance lease liabilities Short-term debt, net of discounts Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Long-term debt, net of discounts Long-term finance lease liabilities Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 10) STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT): Common stock par value, shares authorized, and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (1)) Series A Convertible Preferred stock par value, shares authorized; nil shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) Additional paid-in capital Obligation to issue shares Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity (deficit) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) (1) Adjusted to reflect the stock splits as described in Note 1. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 Table of Contents EDIBLE GARDEN AG INCORPORATED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (unaudited, in thousands, except share and per-share information) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Loss from operations Other income (expenses) Interest expense, net Gain (Loss) from extinguishment of debt Employee retention credit Other income / (loss) Total other income (expenses) NET LOSS Less: Series A Preferred Dividend NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCK Net Income / (Loss) per common share - basic and diluted (1) Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding Basic and Diluted (1) (1) Adjusted to reflect the stock splits as described in Note 1. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents EDIBLE GARDEN AG INCORPORATED UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (in thousands, except for shares) (1) Additional Obligation Common Stock Paid-In to Issue Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Shares Deficit Total Balance at June 30, 2024 - Issuance of common stock and warrants in public offering, net of expenses Exercises of common stock warrants Net Income (Loss) - Balance at September 30, 2024 Additional Obligation Common Stock Paid-In to Issue Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Shares Deficit Total Balance at June 30, 2023 - Issuance of common stock and warrants in public offering, net of expenses - Cashless exercise of common stock warrants - Net Income (Loss) - - Balance at September 30, 2023 - (1) Adjusted to reflect the stock splits as described in Note 1. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 Table of Contents EDIBLE GARDEN AG INCORPORATED UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (in thousands, except for shares) (1) Additional Obligation Common Stock Paid-In to Issue Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Shares Deficit Total Balance at December 31, 2023 - Issuance of common stock and warrants in public offering, net of expenses Exercises of common stock warrants Sale of common stock pursuant to Equity Distribution Agreement, net of fees - Issuance of common stock as payment of severance - Issuance of common stock to employees and consultants - Issuance of common stock to round up shares due to stock split - Net Income (Loss) - - Balance at September 30, 2024 Additional Obligation Common Stock Paid-In to Issue Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Shares Deficit Total Balance at December 31, 2022 - Issuance of common stock and warrants in public offering, net of expenses - Cashless exercise of common stock warrants - Issuance of common stock for Directors' fees - Issuance of common stock to employees and consultants - Series A Preferred dividend - - Net Income (Loss) - - Balance at September 30, 2023 - (1) Adjusted to reflect the stock splits as described in Note 1. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents EDIBLE GARDEN AG INCORPORATED UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net Income (Loss) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Bad debt expense Depreciation and amortization Amortization of operating lease right of use asset Amortization of debt discount (Gain) / Loss on extinguishment of debt Stock-based compensation Stock issued for payment of severance Stock issued to Directors Other non-cash expenses Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities NET CASH PROVIDED BY / (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of property, equipment and leasehold improvements NET CASH PROVIDED BY / (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from debt, including related parties Payments of debt principal, including related parties Payment of debt issuance costs Proceeds from sales of common stock from Equity Distribution Agreement Payment of commissions related to sale of common stock Proceeds from common stock and warrants issued in public offering Payment of costs related to public offering Proceeds from common stock warrant exercises Principal payments on finance lease liabilities Payment of preferred stock dividends NET CASH PROVIDED BY / (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES NET CHANGE IN CASH Cash at beginning of period CASH AT END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE FOR OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Cash paid for interest SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE FOR NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Trucks acquired with debt Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use-assets Unpaid stock issuance costs Directors Officers insurance policy purchased with financing The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 7 Table of Contents EDIBLE GARDEN AG INCORPORATED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS shares of common stock, par value per share common stock ), at formation. On October 14, 2020, we simultaneously and increased the number of authorized common shares to . On June 30, 2021, we simultaneously (1) converted Edible Garden from a Wyoming into a Delaware corporation, (2) , and (3) increased the total number of authorized common shares to . On September 8, 2021, we simultaneously and increased the number of authorized common shares to . On January 18, 2022, the Company s board of directors and stockholders approved a , which became effective on May 3, 2022. On January 26, 2023, we effected a the total number of authorized common shares to . On June 8, 2023, we increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from shares to shares. On November 10, 2023, we increased the total number of authorized shares of capital stock of the Company from to and increased the total authorized shares of common stock from shares to shares. On April 5, 2024, we . The conversion or exercise prices of our issued and outstanding stock options and warrants were adjusted in connection with the reverse stock split. All historical share and per share amounts reflected throughout this report have been adjusted to reflect the stock splits described above. Nature of Business Edible Garden is a retail seller of locally grown hydroponic produce, nutraceuticals and hot sauce, which is distributed throughout the Northeast and Midwest. Currently, Edible Garden s products are sold at over 5,000 supermarkets. Our target customers are those individuals seeking fresh produce locally grown using environmentally sustainable methods. Basis of Presentation The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. Therefore, these financial statements should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The December 31, 2023 balances reported herein are derived from the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected for the full year. 8 Table of Contents Use of Estimates 9 Table of Contents and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Concentrations of Credit Risk of our total revenue. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, five customers accounted for approximately of our total revenue. As of September 30, 2024, approximately of our gross outstanding trade receivables were attributed to four customers, of which was due from one customer. As of December 31, 2023, approximately of our gross outstanding trade receivables were attributed to four customers, of which was due from one customer. This concentration of customers leaves us exposed to the risks associated with the loss of one or more of these significant customers, which would materially and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. The Company maintains a cash balance in a financial institution that is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to certain federal limitations. At times, the Company s cash balance exceeds these federal limitations. The amount in excess of insured limitations was approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Inventory Prepaid Expenses Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, Net 10 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition and Performance Obligations Vitamins and Supplements Total Vitamins and Supplements Total 11 Table of Contents . These payments were made as a weekly deduction from the Company s receivables from the Buyer. The Agreements became effective as of January 1, 2024 and expire on . The Agreements may be renewed for an additional two-year term upon the mutual agreement of the Company and the Buyer. The Agreements may be terminated by the Buyer without cause upon sixty days prior notice. Management has determined the payments for the fixtures should be treated as a reduction in revenue under the guidance of ASC 606. As we do not . Cost of Goods Sold Advertising Expenses and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Loss Per Common Share and shares of common stock, respectively, because the exercise prices were greater than the average market price of the common shares. 12 Table of Contents Segment Reporting Work-in-progress Finished goods Total inventory 13 Table of Contents Computer hardware Leasehold improvements Vehicles Land Construction in progress Subtotal Less accumulated depreciation Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net Depreciation expense related to property, equipment and leasehold improvements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Non-compete agreement Total Intangible Assets, net Amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was . Annual amortization expense for each of the next five years will be and the total thereafter . 14 Table of Contents Current operating lease liability Accrued interest payable Accrued payroll Accrued severance Accrued vacation Accrued transaction expenses Other accrued expenses Employee retention credit funds Total Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses Future receivables financing agreement with Cedar Advance, LLC NJD Investments, LLC promissory note SBA loan Vehicle loans Insurance financing agreement Total Gross Debt Less: Gross short term debt Less: Long-term debt discount Net Long Term Debt Scheduled maturities of debt as of September 30, 2024, are as follows (in thousands): 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 15 Table of Contents with Sament Capital Investments, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Predecessor, Sament in connection with the acquisition of the Predecessor s assets. The First Sament Note accrued interest at a rate of per annum on a 360-day year basis and had a maturity date of . The First Sament Note was secured by the Company s operating assets purchased from the Predecessor. On November 15, 2023, Sament assigned the note to various third parties who are not affiliated with the Company. On September 30, 2024, the Company prepaid the principal and accrued interest due under the First Sament Note with a premium of . As a result of the agreement, the Company repaid 3,106,458 of outstanding principal and of accrued interest. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a loss from extinguishment of debt equal to for the premium paid plus the unamortized debt discount on the First Sament Note. As of December 31, 2023, the total outstanding balance of is included in Long-term debt, net of discounts on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2023, the unamortized discount related to the promissory note was . Total accrued interest on the First Sament Note as of December 31, 2023 was . On June 2, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note for with Sament (the Second Sament Note ), which accrued interest at a rate of per annum and had a maturity date of . The Second Sament Note was secured by the Company s operating assets purchased from the Predecessor. During the year ended December 31, 2021, accrued interest of was added to the principal of the Second Sament Note. On February 17, 2023, the Company prepaid the principal and accrued interest due under the Second Sament Note in exchange for Sament agreeing to reduce the principal amount of the Second Sament Note by approximately 10 . As a result of the agreement, the Company repaid of outstanding principal, and of accrued interest, and recognized a gain from extinguishment of the debt of during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Future Receivables Financing Agreement with Cedar Advance, LLC On March 14, 2024, the Company entered into a standard merchant cash advance agreement (the Cedar Agreement with Cedar Advance LLC Cedar ), dated as of March 12, 2024, pursuant to which the Company sold to Cedar of its future accounts receivable for a purchase price of , less fees and expenses of , for net funds provided of . Pursuant to the Cedar Agreement, Cedar was expected to withdraw a week directly from the Company s bank account until the due to Cedar under the Cedar Agreement is paid in full. To secure the Company s obligations under the Cedar Agreement, the Company granted Cedar a security interest in all accounts, including all deposit accounts, accounts receivable, and other receivables, and proceeds as those terms are defined by Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code (the Collateral ). In addition, the Company agreed not to incur, directly or indirectly, any lien on or with respect to the Collateral. In the event of a default (as defined in the Cedar Agreement), Cedar, among other remedies, can enforce its security interest in the Collateral and demand payment in full of the uncollected receivables purchased plus all fees due under the Cedar Agreement. On May 7, 2024, the Company entered into an amended and restated standard merchant cash advance agreement (the Restated Agreement with Cedar. Under the Restated Agreement, the Company sold to Cedar a total of of its future accounts receivable collections for a purchase price of . The Company received cash of after pay-off of the remaining amount due under the Cedar Agreement of and fees and expenses of . Pursuant to the Restated Agreement, the Company is required to pay Cedar of all funds collected weekly from customers and Cedar is expected to withdraw per week from the Company s bank account until the due to Cedar (representing 1,750,000 of principal and of interest) under the Restated Agreement is paid in full. Except as amended by the Restated Agreement, the remaining terms of the Cedar Agreement remain in full force and effect. Management determined the Restated Agreement should be accounted for as an extinguishment of debt and recorded a loss on extinguishment of during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Accrued interest and unamortized financing fees on the loan totaled and as of September 30, 2024, respectively. 16 Table of Contents with NJDI in connection with its purchase of the assets of 2900 Madison Ave. SE, Grand Rapids, Michigan the Property ). The NJDI Note accrues interest at a rate of per annum and will mature on . The Company may prepay the outstanding amount due at any time without penalty. The Company makes monthly payments of principal and interest of . The NJDI Note is secured by a mortgage on the Property (the Mortgage and a security interest in the assets owned by the Subsidiary in favor of NJDI (the Security Agreement ). In addition, the Company s obligation to repay the amounts due under the NJDI Note, or up to plus any accrued interest, is guaranteed by the Company under a guaranty in favor of NJDI (the Guaranty entered into on August 30, 2022. Under the Guaranty, in the event that the Company defaulted on the NJDI Note, the Company would be responsible for any sum remaining due after NJDI foreclosed on the Mortgage and exercised its rights under the Security Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, accrued interest of was added to the principal of the NJDI Note. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and of the outstanding balance is included in Short-term debt, net of discounts and and is included in Long-term debt, net of discounts within the consolidated balance sheets, respectively. Small Business Administration SBA Loans On June 22, 2020, the Company entered into a U.S. Small Business Administration Loan Authorization and Agreement pursuant to which the Company received loan proceeds of (the SBA Loan ). The SBA Loan was made under, and is subject to the terms and conditions of, the Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program, which was a program expanded for COVID-19 relief under the CARES Act and is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration. The term of the SBA Loan is thirty (30) years with a maturity date of and the annual interest rate of the SBA Loan is a fixed rate of . Under the terms of the CARES Act, the use of loan proceeds for the SBA Loan is limited to alleviating economic injury caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The outstanding balance on the SBA Loan of is included in Long-term debt, net of discounts within the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, total accrued interest on the SBA Loan was and , respectively. Vehicle Loans During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into three financing agreements totaling for the purchase of vehicles. The loans, which accrue interest at rates of - , mature in . The loans are secured by the vehicles purchased. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into two financing agreements totaling for the purchase of vehicles. The loans, which accrue interest at a rate of , mature in . The loans are secured by the vehicles purchased. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company entered into three financing agreements totaling for the purchase of vehicles. The loans, which accrue interest at a rate of , mature in . The loans are secured by the vehicles purchased. As of September 30, 2024, of the total outstanding balance of the vehicle loans is included within Short-term debt, net of discounts and is included in Long-term debt, net of discounts on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2023, of the total outstanding balance of the vehicle loans is included within Short-term debt, net of discounts and is included in Long-term debt, net of discounts on the consolidated balance sheet. 17 Table of Contents . The Warrants have an exercise price of per share, are immediately exercisable, and, in the case of Class A Warrants, . The exercise price of the Class A and Class B Warrants is subject to adjustment for stock splits, reverse splits, and similar capital transactions as described in such Warrants. Subject to certain ownership limitations described in the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at a nominal exercise price of 0.01 per share of common stock any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. In connection with the September Offering, on September 27, 2024, the Company also entered into a placement agency agreement pursuant to which Maxim Group LLC (the Placement Agent served as the exclusive placement agent in connection with the September Offering. The Company paid the Placement Agent a cash fee of 7.0 of the aggregate gross proceeds raised at the closing of the September Offering and reimbursement of certain expenses and legal fees in the amount of . The Company also issued to the Placement Agent warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock (the Placement Agent Warrants ). The Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price of per share and substantially the same terms as the Class A Warrants, except the Placement Agent Warrants are not exercisable until March 26, 2025. The Company received gross proceeds of from the September Offering and paid underwriting and other fees of , resulting in net proceeds of . As of September 30, 2024, shares of common stock purchased in the September Offering had not been issued. Management recorded an obligation to issue shares of as of September 30, 2024, equal to the allocated fair value of the remaining shares to be issued. May 2024 Public Offering On May 23, 2024, . The May Warrants had an exercise price of per share, subject to an exercise price reset, were immediately exercisable, and, in the case of May Class A Warrants, will expire on May 23, 2029, and in the case of May Class B Warrants, will expire on November 23, 2025. The Warrants had an exercise price reset feature whereby if, on June 22, 2024, the exercise price of the May Warrants was greater than the arithmetic average of the volume-weighted average price of the common stock for the prior five days (the reset price ), the exercise price of the May Warrants would be reduced to the reset price. Pursuant to the reset feature, the exercise price of the May Warrants became on June 22, 2024. The exercise price of the May Class A and May Class B Warrants is also subject to adjustment for stock splits, reverse splits, and similar capital transactions as described in such May Warrants. Subject to certain ownership limitations described in the May Pre-Funded Warrants, the May Pre-Funded Warrants were immediately exercisable and may be exercised at a nominal exercise price of 0.01 per share of common stock any time until all of the May Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. 18 Table of Contents . The Company also issued to the May Placement Agent warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock (the May Placement Agent Warrants ). The May Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price of per share and have substantially the same terms as the May Class A Warrants, except the May Placement Agent Warrants were not subject to an exercise price reset and are not exercisable until November 18, 2024. The Company received gross proceeds of from the May Offering and paid underwriting fees of , resulting in net proceeds of . 2024 Equity Distribution Agreement On February 7, 2024, the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement with Maxim Group LLC Maxim or the sales agent ), pursuant to which the Company could offer and sell shares of common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to (the Aggregate Offering Amount from time to time through the sales agent. The offering under the Equity Distribution Agreement terminated when the Company sold the Aggregate Offering Amount. Maxim was entitled to compensation at a fixed commission rate of of the gross sales price per share sold. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold shares of common stock for total gross proceeds of and paid commissions to Maxim of . 2023 Public Offerings On February 7, 2023, . During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to the holders who exercised of the February Follow-On Warrants via the alternative cashless exercise option. On September 8, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock and warrants September Follow-On Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock pursuant to an underwriting agreement between the Company and the Representative and raised approximately million of gross proceeds. The September Follow-On Warrants became exercisable on September 8, 2023 to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share and will expire on . Also on September 8, 2023, the Company issued warrants to the Representative to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share (the Representative s Warrants ). These warrants are initially exercisable on the later to occur of (i) the effective date of an increase in our authorized shares of common stock in an amount sufficient to permit the exercise in full of the Representative s Warrants or (ii) March 6, 2024 and will expire on September 7, 2028. 19 Table of Contents shares of common stock with par value. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and common shares were issued and outstanding, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock, as summarized below: Sale of common stock pursuant to Equity Distribution Agreement Exercises of warrants Issuances of common stock to employees and consultants Issuance of common stock as payment for severance Issuance of common stock to round up shares due to stock split Common stock issued during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Summary table of common stock share transactions: Shares outstanding at December 31, 2023 Common stock issuances Shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 Stock-Based Compensation On January 18, 2022 in connection with the IPO, the board of directors (the Board approved the Edible Garden AG Incorporated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ). The 2022 Plan provides for equity incentive compensation for employees, non-employee directors, and any other individuals who perform services for the Company. The number of shares initially available for grant under the 2022 Plan was . A variety of discretionary awards are authorized under the 2022 Plan, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other stock-based awards. The vesting of such awards may be conditioned upon either a specified period of time or the attainment of specific performance goals as determined by the administrator of the 2022 Plan. The option price and terms are also subject to determination by the administrator with respect to each grant. On June 8, 2023 the stockholders of the Company approved the First Amendment to the 2022 Plan, which increased the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance thereunder by shares and extended the term of the 2022 Plan until June 8, 2033. On August 21, 2024, the stockholders of the Company approved the Second Amendment (the Plan Amendment to the 2022 Plan to: (i) increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance thereunder by 650,000 shares, (ii) update the recoupment provisions of the 2022 Plan to be consistent with the Company s Policy for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation, and (iii) extend the term of the 2022 Plan until August 21, 2034. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued restricted stock awards to employees and consultants of the Company as compensation. We recognized stock-based compensation expense of for the awards, which vested immediately. Also, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of for payment of accrued severance. Shares available for future stock compensation grants totaled at September 30, 2024. Warrants The following table summarizes transactions involving the Company s outstanding warrants to purchase common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Warrants issued in public offerings Warrants exercised Outstanding at September 30, 2024 20 Table of Contents years. The Company s finance lease agreements do not contain any material non-lease components, residual value guarantees, or material restrictive covenants. Finance leases recorded on the balance sheet consist of the following as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: Current maturities of finance lease liabilities Long-term finance lease liabilities The components of finance lease expense are as follows: Interest on finance lease liabilities Interest expense, net Total finance lease cost Other information related to finance lease terms and discount rate is as follows: Interest rate 21 Table of Contents The table below presents the maturities of finance lease liabilities as of September 30, 2024: 2025 2026 2027 Total lease payments Less: interest Total finance lease liabilities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company was party to an ongoing arrangement with our predecessor company, Edible Garden Corp., whereby the Company made lease payments of approximately per month to the lessor of the land on which our flagship facility is built and for which our predecessor company was the lessee. Our month-to-month arrangement meets the definition of a short-term lease and is therefore excluded from the recognition requirements of ASC 842, Leases . On October 1, 2024, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Edible Garden Corp. and assumed the lease of the land its flagship facility is built on. Refer to Note 12, Subsequent Events for additional details. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total operating lease cost was , all of which was associated with short-term leases. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, total operating lease cost was , of which was associated with short-term leases. As of December 31, 2023, a short-term operating lease liability of is included within Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. The table below presents total operating lease assets and lease liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: Operating lease liabilities in the form of salary continuation until January 2025. In addition, Mr. James is . Of this amount, the Company has paid in milestone payments to Mr. James as of September 30, 2024. The Company granted Mr. James a restricted stock award with a fair value equal to as of April 2, 2024. As described in detail in Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, on February 8, 2024, the Company entered into two agreements with the Buyer to supply and sell products over a three-year period. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company paid approximately to the Buyer for product displays and fixtures during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 22 Table of Contents million. We expect to experience further significant net losses in the foreseeable future. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash available for operations of million. We have not been able to generate sufficient cash from operating activities to fund our ongoing operations. Since our inception, we have raised capital through our issuance of debt and equity securities. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to achieve profitable operations and generate cash from operating activities. There is no guarantee that we will be able to generate enough revenue and/or raise capital to support our operations. We will be required to raise additional funds through public or private financing, additional collaborative relationships or other arrangements until we are able to raise revenue and reduce costs to a point of positive cash flow. We are evaluating various options to further reduce our cash requirements to operate at a reduced rate, as well as options to raise additional funds, including obtaining loans and selling securities. There is no guarantee that we will be able to generate enough revenue and/or raise capital to support our operations, or if we are able to raise capital, that it will be available to us on acceptable terms, on an acceptable schedule, or at all. The issuance of additional securities may result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining loans, assuming these loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain further funds required for our continued operations or that additional financing will be available for use when needed or, if available, that it can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis, we will not be able to meet our other obligations as they become due and we will be forced to scale down or perhaps even cease our operations. The risks and uncertainties surrounding our ability to raise capital and to continue our business with limited capital resources raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. shares of common stock in satisfaction of the obligation to issue the remaining shares of common stock from the September Offering. Additionally, the Company issued shares of common stock for Pre-Funded Warrant exercises. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock to employees upon the vesting of restricted stock units previously granted to the employees, pursuant to the 2022 Plan. Acquisition of Edible Garden Corp. On October 1, 2024, the Company acquired Edible Garden Corp. EGC from Unrivaled Brands, Inc., the Company s former parent company, for the nominal price of . At the Company s inception, it had acquired substantially all of the assets of EGC from Unrivaled Brands, Inc., except for the lease agreement between EGC and Whitetown Realty, LLC (the Landlord ), made as of December 30, 2014 (the Lease Agreement ), as amended by a lease extension agreement between EGC and the Landlord, dated September 10, 2019 (the Lease Extension, together with the Lease Agreement, the Lease ), for a 5-acre greenhouse location in Belvidere, New Jersey. As a result, prior to October 1, 2024, the Company had operated the New Jersey property through an informal arrangement with EGC in which the Company effectively rented the property on a month-to-month basis with no set term. On October 1, 2024, upon the closing of its acquisition of EGC, the Company assumed the Lease and became subject to its terms. The Lease has a term that commenced on January 1, 2015 and ends on December 31, 2029. Under the terms of the Lease, the Company will pay the Landlord a monthly lease payment of approximately . The Lease includes customary covenants, terms, and conditions, along with two options that may be exercised at the discretion of the Company to extend the term of the Lease for additional periods of five years each by providing written notice at least nine months prior to expiration of the current term, provided that no default of the Lease has occurred. Under the Lease, if the Landlord desires to sell the New Jersey property and receives a bona fide written offer, the Company has the right to purchase the New Jersey property at the same price and terms contained in the bona fide written offer. In the event the Company terminates the Lease early, as further described in the Lease, the security deposit of 28,000 will be forfeited to the Landlord as liquidated damages. If the Company (i) fails to pay any lease payment, and such failure continues for five days following the due date, or (ii) breaches any other agreement, covenant or obligation included in the Lease and fails to cure the breach within fifteen days after notice from the Landlord, the Landlord may terminate the Lease upon five business days notice to the Company. 23 Table of Contents ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS In addition to historical information, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by us. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, including statements concerning our plans, objectives, goals, beliefs, business strategies, future events, business conditions, results of operations, financial position, business outlook, business trends, and other information, may be forward-looking statements. Words such as might, will, would, could, should, may, can, estimates, expects, anticipates, projections, plans, potential, intends, believes, future, and variations of such words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based upon our current expectations, beliefs, estimates and projections, and various assumptions, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Our expectations, beliefs, estimates, and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that our expectations, beliefs, estimates, and projections will occur or can be achieved. Actual results may vary materially from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or anticipated results, including: our history of losses and our ability to continue as a going concern; our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our operations; our ability to remain listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq and regain compliance with its listing standards; our ability to pay our debts as they come due; the departure of members of our management team; our market opportunity; our ability to effectively manage our growth; our ability to integrate business acquisitions; the effects of increased competition as well as innovations by new and existing competitors in our market; our ability to retain our existing customers and to increase our customer base; the future growth of the indoor agriculture industry and demands of our customers; our ability to maintain, or strengthen awareness of, our brand; our ability to expand the product lines we offer; our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property; future revenue, hiring plans, expenses and capital expenditures; our ability to comply with new or modified laws and regulations that currently apply or become applicable to our business; our ability to recruit and retain key employees and management personnel; our financial performance and capital requirements; the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the potential insufficiency of our disclosure controls and procedures to detect errors or acts of fraud; and the potential lack of liquidity and trading of our securities. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this report and our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 24 Table of Contents OVERVIEW We are a controlled environment agriculture CEA farming company. We use traditional agricultural growing techniques together with technology to grow fresh, organic food, sustainably and safely while improving traceability. We use the controlled environment of traditional greenhouse structures, such as glass greenhouses, together with hydroponic and vertical greenhouses to sustainably grow organic herbs, lettuces and floral products. In our hydroponic greenhouse, we grow plants without soil. Instead of planting one row of lettuce in the ground, by using a vertical greenhouse, we can grow many towers of lettuce in the same area by planting up instead of planting across. Growing these products sustainably means that we avoid depleting natural resources in order to maintain an ecological balance, such as by renewing, reusing and recycling materials in order to lower the overall one-time use of materials. Our controlled greenhouse facilities allow us to grow consistent quality herbs and lettuces year-round, first by eliminating some of the variability of outdoor farming with our CEA techniques, and second by leveraging our proprietary software, GreenThumb. In addition to using hydroponic and vertical greenhouse systems, we use a closed loop system in our greenhouses. Generally, in a closed loop system, drain water is recollected and reused for irrigation. In our closed loop system, we also cycle water back into the system that has been collected through reverse osmosis. When compared with conventional agriculture, our closed looped systems and hydroponic methods use less land, less energy and less water (than legacy farms), thus conserving some of the planet s limited natural resources. Our advanced systems are also designed to help mitigate contamination from harmful pathogens, including salmonella, e-coli and others. We have also developed patented software called GreenThumb that assists in tracking plants through our supply chain. Utilizing our GreenThumb software to track the status of our plants as they grow and move throughout the greenhouse allows us to add a layer of quality control due to the frequent monitoring of the growing process, leading to improved traceability. In this context, traceability means being able to track a plant through all stages of production and distribution. In addition to improving traceability, GreenThumb helps us better manage the day-to-day operations of our business. GreenThumb is a web-based greenhouse management and demand planning system that does the following: integrates in real-time with our cloud business software suite for monitoring daily sales data; generates reports by category, product, customer, and farm to allow us to analyze sales, trends, margins and retail shrink (spoiled product); provides dynamic pallet mapping for packout, which enables us to more efficiently ship our products; utilizes a proprietary algorithm that uses year-over-year and trending sales data to develop customer specific and aggregate product specific forecasting for our greenhouses; aggregates all greenhouse activity input to provide real-time inventory and availability reports of all products in our greenhouses; manages our online ordering system with user-controlled product availability based upon greenhouse inventory; provides a route management system for coordinating the logistics of our direct store delivery program; and tracks all production activities at greenhouses, including sowing, spacing, dumping, spraying, picking and packing, using handheld devices. We also use our GreenThumb software to help monitor the quality of our products, and we have dedicated quality assurance and quality control personnel that check and monitor our products. We have customer service personnel that answer any questions the consumers of our products may have, and we regularly ask for feedback from our customers on the quality of our products. The combination of the GreenThumb software, quality assurance and control processes (including compliance with food safety standards), and feedback from consumers and purchasers holds us accountable for maintaining the quality of our herbs and lettuce. We focus our efforts on producing our herbs and vegetables in a sustainable manner that will reduce consumption of natural resources, by recycling water in our closed loop system and using LED lights instead of conventional lightbulbs to accelerate crop growth and yield, when necessary. In addition, the inventory management component of GreenThumb allows us to manage inventory levels, order quantities and fill rates while maximizing truck loads. This means that we are better able to control shipping our products in full truck loads, thus eliminating multiple deliveries and decreasing the excess emission of greenhouse gases that would result from many partially full trucks delivering our products. Together, these elements of our production and distribution process are intended to reduce our carbon footprint, or the total amount of greenhouse gases that are generated by our actions, as compared with a legacy farm business. 25 Table of Contents We believe our focus on our brand Edible Garden is a significant differentiator. The brand not only lends itself to our current portfolio of products but allows us to develop other products in the Consumer Brands category. Our focus on sustainability, traceability, and social contribution, which we define as an ongoing effort to improve employee relations, working conditions, and local communities, presents our value proposition to our customers and supermarket partners and distributors. RECENT DEVELOPMENTS Nasdaq Compliance On October 21, 2024, we received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of our common stock for at least 30 consecutive business days, we no longer met Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), which requires listed companies to maintain a minimum bid price of at least 1 per share (the Bid Price Rule ). On October 28, 2024, we submitted a request for a hearing before a Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel to appeal the delisting notice from the Staff. Until the hearing process concludes and the Panel issues a written decision, our common stock and warrants will continue to trade on the Nasdaq under the symbols EDBL and EDBLW, respectively. There can be no assurance that the Panel will grant us additional time to regain compliance with Nasdaq s listing standards or that we could ultimately meet all applicable criteria for continued listing on Nasdaq. Acquisition of Edible Garden Corp. On October 1, 2024, we acquired Edible Garden Corp. EGC from Unrivaled Brands, Inc., our former parent company, for the nominal price of 1.00. At our inception, we had acquired substantially all of the assets of EGC from Unrivaled Brands, Inc., except for the lease agreement between EGC and Whitetown Realty, LLC (the Landlord ), made as of December 30, 2014 (the Lease Agreement ), as amended by a lease extension agreement between EGC and the Landlord, dated September 10, 2019 (the Lease Extension, together with the Lease Agreement, the Lease ), for a 5-acre greenhouse location in Belvidere, New Jersey. As a result, prior to October 1, 2024, we had operated the New Jersey property through an informal arrangement with EGC in which we effectively rented the property on a month-to-month basis with no set term. On October 1, 2024, upon the closing of its acquisition of EGC, we assumed the Lease and became subject to its terms. The Lease has a term that commenced on January 1, 2015 and ends on December 31, 2029. Under the terms of the Lease, we will pay the Landlord a monthly lease payment of approximately 22,189. Payoff of Secured Promissory Note On March 30, 2020, we entered into a promissory note (the First Sament Note for 3,000,000 with Sament Capital Investments, Inc. Sament in connection with the acquisition of EGC s assets. The First Sament Note accrued interest at a rate of 3.5 per annum on a 360-day year basis and had a maturity date of March 30, 2025. The First Sament Note was secured by our operating assets purchased from EGC. On September 30, 2024, we prepaid the principal and accrued interest due under the First Sament Note with a premium of 155,322. As a result of the agreement, we repaid 3,106,458 of outstanding principal and 9,061 of accrued interest. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a loss from extinguishment of debt equal to 163,584 for the premium paid less the unamortized debt discount on the First Sament Note. 26 Table of Contents September 2024 Public Offering On September 30, 2024, we closed on a best-efforts public offering (the September Offering of (i) 4,240,650 common units, each consisting of one share of common stock, one Class A warrant Class A Warrant to purchase one share of common stock and one Class B warrant Class B Warrant, together with the Class A Warrants, the Warrants to purchase one share of common stock at a purchase price of 0.36 per unit; and (ii) 11,460,000 pre-funded units, each consisting of one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of common stock, one Class A Warrant and one Class B Warrant at a purchase price of 0.35 per unit. The Warrants have an exercise price of 0.36. Gross proceeds from the September Offering, before deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses, were approximately 5.6 million. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES The preparation of the unaudited consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to use judgment in making estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. The following accounting policies are based on, among other things, judgments and assumptions made by management that include inherent risks and uncertainties. Management s estimates are based on historical experience, the relevant information available at the end of each period, and their judgment. Although management believes the judgment applied in preparing estimates is reasonable based on circumstances and information known at the time, actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or market conditions. The most significant accounting estimates involve a high degree of judgment or complexity. Management believes the estimates and judgments most critical to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and to the understanding of our reported financial results include allowance for doubtful accounts. The following are the accounting policies most critical to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Revenue Recognition Revenues is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the Company s customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The Company does not offer returns, discounts, loyalty programs or other sales incentive programs that are material to revenue recognition. Payments from our customers are due upon delivery or within a short period after delivery. Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements Property, equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Our fixed assets, which are comprised of leasehold improvements, equipment and vehicles, have useful lives of five years. Expenditures for major renewals and improvements are capitalized, while minor replacements, maintenance and repairs, which do not extend the asset lives, are charged to operations as incurred. Upon sale or disposition, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in operations. The Company continually monitors events and changes in circumstances that could indicate that the carrying balances of its property, equipment and leasehold improvements may not be recoverable in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment. When such events or changes in circumstances are present, the Company assesses the recoverability of long-lived assets by determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through undiscounted expected future cash flows. If the total of the future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of those assets, the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets. Income Taxes The provision for income taxes is determined in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes . The Company files a consolidated United States federal income tax return. The Company provides for income taxes based on enacted tax law and statutory tax rates at which items of income and expense are expected to be settled in our income tax return. Certain items of revenue and expense are reported for Federal income tax purposes in different periods than for financial reporting purposes, thereby resulting in deferred income taxes. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The Company has incurred net operating losses for financial-reporting and tax-reporting purposes. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, such net operating losses were offset entirely by a valuation allowance. 27 Table of Contents The Company recognizes uncertain tax positions based on a benefit recognition model. Provided that the tax position is deemed more likely than not of being sustained, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50.0 likely of being ultimately realized upon settlement. The tax position is derecognized when it is no longer more likely than not of being sustained. The Company classifies income tax related interest and penalties as interest expense and selling, general and administrative expense, respectively, on the consolidated statements of operations. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS COMPARISON OF THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (in thousands): Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenue 2,584 3,289 Cost of goods sold 1,885 3,277 Gross profit 699 12 Selling, general and administrative expenses 2,189 2,387 Loss from operations (1,490 (2,375 Other expenses Interest expenses, net (409 (57 Loss from extinguishment of debt (164 - Other income / (loss) 1 Total other expenses (573 (56 NET LOSS (2,063 (2,431 Revenue Revenue was 2.584 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 3.289 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in revenue of 705 thousand was driven by our strategic shift away from the sale of lower margin products; specifically, lettuce and floral. Combined, the omission of these two products drove a decrease of 597 thousand. In addition, certain shipments of our nutraceutical products were delayed due to a hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico, which caused 215 thousand of revenue to shift to the fourth quarter. This was partially offset by an increase in cut herbs of 10 98 thousand) and the addition of Pulp revenue of 30 thousand. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, total revenue was reduced by approximately 67 thousand as we adjusted the transaction price of our sales to a customer to account for funds we agreed to pay to the customer for the installation of fixtures in their stores. See Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 28 Table of Contents Cost of goods sold Cost of goods sold were 1.885 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 3.277 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Cost of goods sold decreased 1.392 million, or 42.5 , primarily driven by our seasonally low sales in the current quarter and the elimination of the use of large third-party growers that previously made up a material portion of our cost of goods sold. Selling, general and administrative Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A were 2.189 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.387 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. SG A decreased 198 thousand, or 8.3 , due to a reduction in labor costs and professional fees. Loss from operations Lower cost of goods sold along with lower SG A expenses resulted in a loss from operations of 1.490 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.375 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net loss from operations was 885 thousand, or 37.3 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023. 29 Table of Contents Interest expense Interest expense was 409 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 57 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Higher interest expense was related to the amended and restated standard merchant cash advance agreement with Cedar Advance LLC (the Cedar Agreement ). Loss from extinguishment of debt During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a loss from the extinguishment of the First Sament Note of 164 thousand related to the premium paid associated with the early payoff of the First Sament Note. Net loss Net loss was 2.063 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 2.431 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease of the net loss of 368 thousand, or 15.1 , was primarily driven by a 27 expansion of gross profit margin and lower SG A offset by other expenses. COMPARISON OF THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (in thousands): Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenue 9,985 9,965 Cost of goods sold 7,696 9,425 Gross profit 2,289 540 Selling, general and administrative expenses 8,823 7,458 Loss from operations (6,534 (6,918 Other expenses Interest expenses, net (944 (344 Gain (Loss) from extinguishment of debt (498 70 Employee retention credit - 1,233 Other income / (loss) 4 1 Total other expenses (1,438 970 NET LOSS (7,972 (5,948 Revenue Revenue was 9.985 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 9.965 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in revenue of 20 thousand, was primarily attributed to an increase in customer demand for our core products of cut herbs and potted herbs. Revenue from cut herbs increased by 55 1.1 million) and our potted herb revenue increased by 179 thousand (5 ). In 2024 there was additional revenue supplied by the new Pulp product offering of 67 thousand. This was offset by our strategic shift away from low margin floral and lettuce products which decreased by 1 million along with the hurricane-related delay of recognizing revenue from nutraceuticals in the third quarter of 2024. 30 Table of Contents During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total revenue was reduced by approximately 124 thousand as we adjusted the transaction price of our sales to a customer to account for funds we agreed to pay to the customer for the installation of fixtures in their stores. See Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . Cost of goods sold Cost of goods sold were 7.696 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 9.425 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. Cost of goods sold decreased 1.729 million, or 18.3 , primarily due to our shift away from using third party growers for some of our produce business as our Michigan facility production capacity was brought online during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses were 8.823 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 7.458 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. SG A increased 1.365 million, or 18.3 , due to a one-time severance charge of 0.6 million related to the departure of our Chief Financial Officer and higher audit, accounting and legal fees related to our capital raising activities. Loss from operations Higher SG A expense resulted in a loss from operations of 6.534 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 6.918 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in loss from operations was 384 thousand, or 5.6 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to improvement in gross margin during the period and offset by higher SG A expense. 31 Table of Contents Interest expense Interest expense was 944 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 334 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Higher interest expense was a result of the company entering into and amending the Cedar Agreement. Loss from extinguishment of debt During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a loss from the extinguishment of debt of 498 thousand related to the Cedar Agreement and the early payoff of the First Sament Note. Net loss Net loss was 7.972 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 5.948 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net loss for the nine months ending September 30, 2023 included one time Employee Retention Credit income of 1.233 million. Without this one-time income item, the net loss for the nine months ending September 30, 2023 was 7.181 million. The reasons for the increase in net loss are explained above. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Going Concern Considerations We have incurred significant losses since our inception. We recognized net losses of approximately 7.972 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 10.188 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, we have an accumulated deficit of 38.2 million. Our operating activities used 6.6 million and 8.5 million of cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023, respectively. We expect our capital expenses and operational expenses to increase in the future due to expected increased sales and marketing expenses, operational costs, and general and administrative costs. Therefore, we believe our operating losses will continue at least through the near term. The risks and uncertainties surrounding our ability to continue our business with limited capital resources raises substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. Our financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies we may not continue to meet our obligations and continue our operations for the next twelve months. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result if we are unable to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, holders of our securities might lose their entire investment. These factors, among others, may make it difficult to raise any additional capital and may cause us to be unable to continue to operate our business. There is no assurance that we will ever be profitable or that debt or equity financing will be available to us in the amounts, on terms, and at times deemed acceptable to us, if at all. The issuance of additional equity or equity-linked securities by us would result in significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. If we are unable to obtain financing in the amounts and on terms deemed acceptable to us, we may be unable to continue our business as planned and as a result may be required to scale back or cease operations, which could cause our stockholders to lose some or all of their investment in us. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 32 Table of Contents Liquidity The Company s primary liquidity requirements are for working capital, continued investments in capital expenditures, repayment of indebtedness, and other strategic investments. Although income taxes are not currently a significant use of funds, after the benefits of our net operating loss carryforwards are fully recognized, they could become a material use of funds, depending on our future profitability and future tax rates. The Company s liquidity needs have been met primarily through public equity offerings, term loan borrowings, accounts receivable financing, convertible notes, and related party loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 2.214 million and 510 thousand in cash and cash equivalents available, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used 6.761 million of cash for operating activities. As of September 30, 2024, we had working capital of 524 thousand. As of December 31, 2023, we had a working capital deficit of 257 thousand. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 2.035 million and 4.445 million of total gross debt outstanding, respectively. To meet our cash needs, we closed a best-efforts public offering on September 30, 2024 and raised net proceeds of approximately 4.797 million after paying underwriting and other expenses and before the repayment of the First Sament Note. We may not be able to access the capital markets in the future on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Our ability to fund future operating expenses and capital expenditures and our ability to meet future debt service obligations or refinance our indebtedness will depend on our future operating performance, which will be affected by general economic, financial and other factors beyond our control, including those described under Risk Factors below and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024. Capital Resources On September 30, 2024, we closed on the September Offering of (i) 4,240,650 common units, each consisting of one share of common stock, one Class A Warrant and one Class B Warrant at a purchase price of 0.36 per unit; and (ii) 11,460,000 pre-funded units, each consisting of one Pre-Funded Warrant, one Class A Warrant and one Class B Warrant at a purchase price of 0.35 per unit. Gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses, were approximately 5.552 million. With the proceeds, the Company used approximately 3.27 million to pay off debt, paid down accounts payable of 603 thousand, acquired inventory of 900 thousand, and paid costs relating to the public offering of 408 thousand. On May 23, 2024, we closed on the May offering of (i) 2,437,000 common units, each consisting of one share of common stock, one Class A Warrant to purchase one share of common stock and one Class B Warrant to purchase one share of common stock at a purchase price of 2.26 per unit; and (ii) 218,000 pre-funded units, each consisting of one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of common stock, one Class A Warrant and one Class B Warrant at a purchase price of 2.25 per unit. The Warrants had an exercise price of 2.26 per share, subject to an exercise price reset, which took effect on June 22, 2024 and reduced the exercise price of the Warrants to 1.49 per share. Gross proceeds from the May offering, before deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses, were approximately 6 million. On March 14, 2024, we entered into a standard merchant cash advance agreement with Cedar Advance LLC Cedar ), pursuant to which we agreed to sell 1,491,000 of trade receivables to Cedar in exchange for 1,000,000 of cash proceeds, after deducting 50,000 for underwriting fees and other transaction expenses. On May 7, 2024, we entered into the Cedar Agreement, pursuant to which we sold Cedar an additional 994,000 of our future accounts receivable for a purchase price of 700,000, less aggregate fees and expenses of 87,500, for additional net funds provided of 544,250, bringing the total financing with Cedar to 2,485,000 in accounts receivable sold for 1,544,250 of net funds provided. Pursuant to the Cedar Agreement, we are required to pay Cedar 35.0 of all funds collected weekly from customers for the sale of goods and services. Weekly, Cedar is authorized to withdraw 65,000 of funds from our bank account until such time a reconciliation is provided calculating the 35.0 of collections owed to Cedar, until such time the total balance of 2,485,000 is repaid. The Cedar Agreement is collateralized by our cash and receivable accounts. In the event of a default (as defined in the Cedar Agreement), Cedar, among other remedies, can enforce its security interest in the collateral and demand payment in full of the uncollected amount of receivables purchased plus all fees due under the Cedar Agreement. On February 6, 2024, we entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement EDA with Maxim Group LLC Maxim as sales agent, pursuant to which we may, from time to time, issue and sell shares of common stock through Maxim in an at-the-market offering for an aggregate offering price of up to 1,146,893. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we received net proceeds of approximately 1.1 million from the sale of common stock under the EDA after deducting Maxim s commission of 3.5 of the gross proceeds and other offering expenses. For more information on our outstanding debt as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, see Note 7 to our financial statements. Cash Flows Operating activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, cash used for operating activities was 6.761 million and 6.778 million, respectively. Cash expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased primarily due to an increase in our net loss, an increase in inventory purchases for the holiday growing season and lower collections. Investing activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, cash used in investing activities was 177 thousand and 800 thousand, respectively. The decrease was due to lower purchases of property, equipment and leasehold improvements related to the completion of our Michigan facility. Financing activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, cash provided by financing activities was 8.642 million and 10.046 million, respectively. The 1.4 million decrease in cash provided by financing activities was due to components of both debt and equity; specifically, an incremental 2.27 million in debt proceeds from the Cedar agreements, offset by 3.1 million in incremental debt repayments as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily related to the payoff of the First Sament Note. In addition, cash provided by financing activities decreased 497 thousand as a result of our equity activities; specifically, cash provided by financing activities increased 1.2 million as a result of sales under our EDA in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, offset by a reduction of 686 thousand in year over year proceeds from our public offerings and 874 thousand of higher costs related to our 2024 public offerings. 33 Table of Contents ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were ineffective as of September 30, 2024, due to the existence of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that we have yet to fully remediate. Because we are a small company with few employees in our finance department, we lacked the ability to have adequate segregation of duties in the financial statement preparation process. Since these entity level controls have a pervasive effect across the organization, management has determined that these circumstances constitute a material weakness. In addition, we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting because we lack maintenance of appropriate documentation to support our internal controls and we have insufficiently reviewed reports identifying user entity controls. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 34 Table of Contents PART II - OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we may be party to or otherwise involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Management does not believe that there is any pending or threatened proceeding against us, which, if determined adversely, would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should consider the risks described in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of these risks and uncertainties, including those discussed below, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and/or the market price of our common stock. The risks described below and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and/or operating results. Because we are not in compliance with the Nasdaq continued listing requirements and are appealing the determination of the Nasdaq Staff to suspend the trading of our securities, we can provide no assurance that our shares will continue to be listed on Nasdaq, which would affect our common stock s liquidity and reduce our ability to raise capital. On October 21, 2024, we received a letter from the Staff of Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of our common stock for at least 30 consecutive business days, we no longer meet the Bid Price Rule. Under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)(iv), because we effected reverse stock splits in the last two years with a cumulative ratio greater than 250 shares to 1, we are not eligible for any compliance period to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. On October 28, 2024, we submitted a request for a hearing before the Panel to appeal the delisting notice from the Staff. There can be no assurance that the Panel will grant us additional time to regain compliance with Nasdaq s listing standards or that we could ultimately meet all applicable criteria for continued listing on Nasdaq. The Panel may determine to delist our securities from Nasdaq. If our common stock is delisted, our warrants will also be delisted. We and holders of our securities could be materially adversely impacted if our securities are delisted from Nasdaq. In particular: we may be unable to raise equity capital on acceptable terms or at all; we may lose the confidence of our customers, which would jeopardize our ability to continue our business as currently conducted; the price of our common stock will likely decrease as a result of the loss of market efficiencies associated with Nasdaq and the loss of federal preemption of state securities laws; holders may be unable to sell or purchase our securities when they wish to do so; we may become subject to stockholder litigation; we may lose the interest of institutional investors in our common stock; we may lose media and analyst coverage; our common stock could be considered a penny stock, which would likely limit the level of trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock; and we would likely lose any active trading market for our common stock, as it may only be traded on one of the over-the-counter markets, if at all. Our indebtedness could have important consequences to you. Our indebtedness could have important consequences to you. For example, it could: limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; require us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow for operations and other purposes; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that may have proportionately less debt and greater financial resources. The promissory note issued in connection with our purchase of our Edible Garden Heartland property Edible Garden Heartland is secured by a mortgage on Edible Garden Heartland and a security interest in the assets at Edible Garden Heartland. In addition, the balance under the Cedar Agreement is collateralized by our cash and receivable accounts. If we were to default on our obligations under these loans and arrangements, the counterparties would have the right to our assets. We could be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations, and the value realized on such assets or operations will depend on market conditions and the availability of buyers. Accordingly, any such sale may not, among other things, be for a sufficient dollar amount. If we were to otherwise attempt to sell material assets or operations, the foregoing encumbrances may limit our ability to dispose of material assets or operations. If we are unable to raise additional capital or improve our ability to generate cash from operating activities, we may not have sufficient cash on hand or available liquidity that can be utilized to meet our debt service and other obligations when they become due. If we were to default on our obligations under these loans and arrangements, the secured counterparties would have the right to our assets. In the event that the counterparties enforced their rights to our assets, we may have to discontinue our business, and our stockholders could lose all or a part of their investment in us. 35 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Description Form File No. Filing Date 4.1 Form of Class A Warrant dated September 30, 2024. 8-K 001-41371 October 4, 2024 4.2 Form of Class B Warrant dated September 30, 2024. 8-K 001-41371 October 4, 2024 4.3 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant dated September 30, 2024. 8-K 001-41371 October 4, 2024 4.4 Warrant Agency Agreement dated as of September 30, 2024 between the Company and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC. 8-K 001-41371 October 4, 2024 4.5 Form of Placement Agent Warrant dated September 30, 2024. 8-K 001-41371 October 4, 2024 10.1+ Second Amendment to the Edible Garden AG Incorporated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. 8-K 001-41371 August 23, 2024 10.2 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of September 27, 2024 between the Company and the investors thereto. 8-K 001-41371 September 27, 2024 10.3 Placement Agency Agreement dated as of September 27, 2024 between the Company and Maxim Group LLC. 8-K 001-41371 September 27, 2024 10.4 Form of Letter Agreement by and between the Company and the investor party thereto Regarding Prepayment of Secured Promissory Note Originally Issued to Sament Capital Investments, Inc. 8-K 001-41371 September 27, 2024 10.5 Lease Agreement, made as of December 30, 2014, by and between Edible Garden Corp. and Whitetown Realty, LLC. 8-K 001-41371 October 4, 2024 10.6 Lease Extension Agreement, dated September 10, 2019, by and between Edible Garden Corp. and Whitetown Realty, LLC. 8-K 001-41371 October 4, 2024 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith 32 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Furnished herewith 101 Materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL); (i) Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet, (ii) Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit, and (v) related Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Filed herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (included in Exhibit 101). Filed herewith + Management contract or compensatory arrangement. Certain information has been omitted from this exhibit in reliance upon Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K and will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 36 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. EDIBLE GARDEN AG INCORPORATED By: /s/ James E. Kras James E. Kras Chief Executive Officer and President (principal executive officer) By: /s/ Kostas Dafoulas Kostas Dafoulas Interim Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) Date: November 13, 2024 37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 edbl_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 edbl_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, James E. Kras, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Edible Garden AG Incorporated; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 13, 2024 /s/ James E. Kras James E. Kras President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 edbl_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 edbl_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Kostas Dafoulas, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Edible Garden AG Incorporated; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 13, 2024 /s/ Kostas Dafoulas Kostas Dafoulas Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 edbl_ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 edbl_ex32.htm EXHIBIT 32 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 James E. Kras, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kostas Dafoulas, Interim Chief Financial Officer of Edible Garden AG Incorporated (the Company ), each certify in his capacity as an officer of the Company that he has reviewed the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 and that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: November 13, 2024 /s/ James E. Kras James E. Kras President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 13, 2024 /s/ Kostas Dafoulas Kostas Dafoulas Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) The purpose of this statement is solely to comply with Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, as amended by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 edbl-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 edbl-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 edbl-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 edbl-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

