<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1518715_0001518715-24-000181.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22130333</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>135165</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1933703</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11734550</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3836150</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3808472</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001518715-24-000181.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107195130
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001518715-24-000181
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HomeStreet, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001518715
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				910186600
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35424
		FILM NUMBER:		241437650

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 UNION STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206-623-3050

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 UNION STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001518715-24-000181.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 hmst-20240930.htm
 10-Q

hmst-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________ 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended: 
 OR 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
 Commission file number: 
 ________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , 98101 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large Accelerated Filer 

Non-accelerated Filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 The number of outstanding shares of the registrant's common stock as of November 5, 2024 was . 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Income Statements for the Quarters and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Quarters and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Quarters and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 ITEM 2 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 45 
 ITEM 3 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 62 
 ITEM 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 65 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 65 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 66 
 ITEM 2 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 68 
 ITEM 3 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 68 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 68 
 ITEM 5 OTHER INFORMATION 
 68 
 ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 
 69 
 SIGNATURES 
 70 

Unless we state otherwise or the content otherwise requires, references in this Form 10-Q to "HomeStreet," "we," "our," "us" or the "Company" refer collectively to HomeStreet, Inc., a Washington corporation, HomeStreet Bank ("Bank") and other direct and indirect subsidiaries of HomeStreet, Inc. 
 
 2 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

HOMESTREET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in thousands, except share data) (Unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents 
 Investment securities 
 Loans held for sale ("LHFS") 
 Loans held for investment ("LHFI") (net of allowance for credit losses of and 
 Mortgage servicing rights ("MSRs") Premises and equipment, net Other real estate owned ("OREO") Intangible assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Liabilities: Deposits Borrowings Long-term debt Accounts payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value, authorized shares; issued and outstanding, shares and shares 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 3 

HOMESTREET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except share and per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income: Loans Investment securities Cash, Fed Funds and other Total interest income 
 Interest expense: Deposits Borrowings Total interest expense 
 Net interest income 
 Provision for credit losses ) ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses 
 Noninterest income: Net gain on loan origination and sale activities Loan servicing income Deposit fees Other Total noninterest income 
 Noninterest expense: Compensation and benefits Information services Occupancy General, administrative and other Goodwill impairment Total noninterest expense 
 Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Net income (loss) per share: Basic ) ) ) Diluted 
 ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic 
 Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 4 

HOMESTREET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities available for sale ("AFS") ) ) Reclassification for net (gains) losses included in income ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before tax ) ) Income tax impact of: Unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities AFS ) ) Reclassification for net (gains) losses included in income ) Total 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 5 

HOMESTREET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share data) Number of shares Common stock Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total shareholders' equity For the quarter ended September 30, 2023 Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Net income (loss) Share-based compensation expense Common stock issued - Stock grants Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Common stock issued - Stock grants Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Common stock repurchased 
 ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) For the quarter ended September 30, 2024 Balance, June 30, 2024 
 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Balance, December 31, 2023 
 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Share-based compensation expense 
 Common stock issued - Stock grants Other comprehensive income (loss) Common stock repurchased 
 ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 6 

HOMESTREET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Goodwill impairment charge Provision for credit losses ) Depreciation and amortization, premises and equipment Amortization of premiums and discounts: investment securities, deposits, debt Operating leases: excess of payments over amortization ) ) Amortization of finance leases Amortization of core deposit intangibles Amortization of deferred loan fees and costs ) ) Share-based compensation expense Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) Origination of LHFS ) ) Proceeds from sale of LHFS Net fair value adjustment and gain on sale of LHFS ) ) Origination of MSRs ) ) Change in fair value of MSRs Amortization of servicing rights Gain on sale of OREO ) Net change in trading securities ) ) Increase in other assets 
 ) ) Increase in accounts payable and other liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of investment securities 
 ) Proceeds from sale of investment securities Principal payments on investment securities 
 Proceeds from sale of OREO Net (increase) decrease in LHFI 
 Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) Net cash received from acquisition of branches Proceeds from sale of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Purchases of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities 
 7 

Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Decrease in deposits, net 
 ) ) Changes in short-term borrowings, net Proceeds from other long-term borrowings Repayment of other long-term borrowings ) ) Repayment of finance lease principal ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid during the period for: Interest Federal and state income taxes ) Non-cash activities: Increase in lease assets and lease liabilities LHFI foreclosed and transferred to OREO Loans transferred from LHFI to LHFS, net Ginnie Mae loans recognized with the right to repurchase, net Ginnie Mae loans derecognized with the right to repurchase, net Repurchase of common stock-award shares Acquisition: Loans acquired Premises and equipment and other assets Liabilities assumed Goodwill and other intangibles 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 8 

HomeStreet, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 
 
 reporting segment. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 
 
 These unaudited interim financial statements reflect all adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair statement of the results for the periods presented. These adjustments are of a normal recurring nature, unless otherwise disclosed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The results of operations in the interim financial statements do not necessarily indicate the results that may be expected for the full year. The interim financial information should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 ("2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K"), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). 
 
 Branch Acquisition 
 
 On February 10, 2023, the Company completed its acquisition of branches in southern California, whereby we assumed approximately million in deposits and purchased approximately million in loans. The application of the acquisition method of accounting resulted in recording goodwill of million and a core deposit intangible of million. 
 
 Merger 
 
 On April 30, 2024, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the previously announced definitive merger agreement with FirstSun Capital Bancorp FirstSun ), the holding company of Sunflower Bank, N.A ("Sunflower Bank"), and Dynamis Subsidiary, Inc., whereby, under the merger agreement, as amended, the Company and the Bank will merge with and into FirstSun and Sunflower Bank, respectively (collectively, the "Merger"). Subject to terms and conditions of the merger agreement, as amended, the companies will combine in an all-stock transaction in which HomeStreet shareholders will receive of a share of FirstSun common stock for each share of HomeStreet common stock. 
 
 On October 29, 2024 First Sun and the Company announced that based on discussions with the Federal Reserve and the Texas Department of Banking, regulatory approvals necessary for the Merger to proceed have not been obtained and FirstSun and Sunflower Bank have been asked to withdraw their merger applications. FirstSun and the Company are discussing the pursuit of an alternative regulatory structure for the Merger. The parties are also discussing terms on which they would terminate the merger agreement if no alternative structure is feasible. There can be no assurance that an alternative regulatory structure may ultimately be feasible. 
 
 9 

. 

NOTE 2 
 ) Commercial ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ("CMOs"): Residential ) Commercial ) Municipal bonds ) Corporate debt securities ) U.S. Treasury securities ) Agency debentures ) Total ) HTM Municipal bonds ) 
 
 10 

) Commercial ) CMOs: Residential ) Commercial ) Municipal bonds ) Corporate debt securities ) U.S. Treasury securities ) Agency debentures ) Total ) HTM Municipal bonds 
 ) 
 
 At September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company held million and million, respectively, of trading securities, consisting of US Treasury notes used as economic hedges of our single family mortgage servicing rights, which are carried at fair value and included within investment securities on the balance sheet. For the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, net gains of million and net losses of million on trading securities, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, net gains of million and net losses of million on trading securities, respectively, were recorded in servicing income. 
 
 MBS and CMOs represent securities issued or guaranteed by government sponsored enterprises ("GSEs"). Most of the MBS and CMO securities in our investment portfolio are guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Ginnie Mae or Freddie Mac. Municipal bonds are comprised of general obligation bonds (i.e., backed by the general credit of the issuer) and revenue bonds (i.e., backed by either collateral or revenues from the specific project being financed) issued by various municipal corporations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, substantially all securities held, including municipal bonds and corporate debt securities, were rated investment grade based upon nationally recognized statistical rating organizations where available and, where not available, based upon internal ratings. 
 11 

) ) Commercial ) ) CMOs: Residential ) ) Commercial ) ) Municipal bonds ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Agency debentures ) ) Total ) ) ) HTM Municipal bonds ) ) 
 
 At December 31, 2023 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total (in thousands) Gross unrealized losses Fair value Gross unrealized losses Fair value Gross unrealized losses Fair value AFS MBS: Residential ) ) ) Commercial ) ) CMOs: 
 Residential ) ) ) Commercial ) ) Municipal bonds ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Agency debentures ) ) ) Total ) ) ) HTM Municipal bonds ) ) 
 
 The Company has evaluated AFS securities in an unrealized loss position and has determined the decline in value is temporary and is related to the change in market interest rates since purchase. The decline in value is not related to any issuer- or industry-specific credit event. The Company has not identified any expected credit losses on its debt securities as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. The Company bases this conclusion in part on its periodic review of the credit ratings of the AFS securities or reviews of the financial condition of the issuers. In addition, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had not made a decision to sell any of its debt securities held, nor did the Company consider it more likely than not that it would be required to sell such securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis. 
 
 12 

Corporate debt securities 
 U.S. Treasury securities 
 Agency debentures Total HTM 
 Municipal bonds 
 
 At December 31, 2023 Within one year After one year through five years After five years through ten years After ten years Total (dollars in thousands) Fair Value Weighted Average Yield Fair Value Weighted Average Yield Fair Value Weighted Average Yield Fair Value Weighted Average Yield Fair Value Weighted Average Yield AFS 
 Municipal bonds 
 Corporate debt securities 
 U.S. Treasury securities 
 Agency debentures Total HTM 
 Municipal bonds 
 
 The weighted-average yield is computed using the contractual coupon of each security weighted based on the fair value of each security. Taxable-equivalent amounts are used where applicable. MBS and CMOs are excluded from the tables above because such securities are not due on a single maturity date. The weighted average yield of MBS and CMOs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 
 Gross gains Gross losses 

13 

Washington, Oregon and California to secure public deposits Other securities pledged Total securities pledged as collateral 
 
 The Company assesses the creditworthiness of the counterparties that hold the pledged collateral and has determined that these arrangements have little credit risk. 
 
 Tax-exempt interest income on investment securities was million for both quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 14 

NOTE 3- 
 portfolio segments, commercial loans and consumer loans. 
 Multifamily Construction/land development Total Commercial and industrial loans Owner occupied CRE Commercial business Total 
 Consumer loans Single family Home equity and other Total (1) 
 Total LHFI Allowance for credit losses ("ACL") ) ) Total LHFI less ACL 
 
 million of loans at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, where a fair value option election was made at the time of origination and, therefore, are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated income statements. 
 
 Loans totaling billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were pledged to secure borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") and loans totaling billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were pledged to secure borrowings from the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco ("FRBSF"). 
 
 Credit Risk Concentrations 
 
 LHFI are primarily secured by real estate located in the Pacific Northwest, California and Hawaii. At September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023 single family loans in the state of Washington represented and of the total LHFI portfolio. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, multifamily loans in California represented of the total LHFI portfolio. 
 
 Credit Quality 
 Management considers the level of ACL to be appropriate to cover credit losses expected over the life of the loans for the LHFI portfolio. The cumulative loss rate used as the basis for the estimate of credit losses is comprised of the Bank s historical loss experience and eight qualitative factors for current and forecasted periods. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the historical expected loss rates increased when compared to December 31, 2023 due to product mix risk and composition changes. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the qualitative factors decreased due to economic conditions and improved collateral conditions, partially offset by increases related to the volume and nature of the portfolio. Additionally, over the two-year forecast period in the markets in which it operates, the Bank expects neutral economic forecasts and neutral to improving collateral forecasts. 
 
 In addition to the ACL for LHFI, the Company maintains a separate allowance for unfunded loan commitments which is included in accounts payable and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. The allowance for unfunded commitments was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 15 

million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was reported in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Provision for credit losses ) ) Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) Ending balance Allowance for unfunded commitments: 
 Beginning balance Provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) Ending balance Provision for credit losses: Allowance for credit losses - loans ) ) Allowance for unfunded commitments ) ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 16 

Multifamily ) Construction/land development 
 Multifamily construction ) CRE construction Single family construction Single family construction to permanent ) Total ) Commercial and industrial loans Owner occupied CRE ) Commercial business ) Total ) ) Consumer loans Single family ) Home equity and other ) Total ) Total ACL ) 

Quarter Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Beginning balance Charge-offs Recoveries Provision Ending balance CRE Non-owner occupied CRE Multifamily Construction/land development Multifamily construction CRE construction ) Single family construction ) Single family construction to permanent ) Total ) Commercial and industrial loans Owner occupied CRE Commercial business ) Total ) Consumer loans Single family ) Home equity and other ) Total ) ) Total ACL ) ) 

17 

) Multifamily Construction/land development Multifamily construction ) CRE construction ) Single family construction ) Single family construction to permanent ) Total ) Commercial and industrial loans Owner occupied CRE ) Commercial business ) Total ) Consumer loans Single family ) Home equity and other ) ) Total ) ) Total ACL ) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Beginning balance Charge-offs Recoveries Provision Ending balance CRE Non-owner occupied CRE Multifamily ) Construction/land development Multifamily construction CRE construction ) Single family construction ) Single family construction to permanent ) Total ) Commercial and industrial loans Owner occupied CRE Commercial business ) Total ) Consumer loans Single family Home equity and other ) Total ) Total ACL ) ) 

18 

Special Mention Substandard Total Multifamily Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Multifamily construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Total CRE construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Single family construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Single family construction to permanent Current 
 Past due: 
 30-59 days 
 60-89 days 
 90+ days 
 Total Owner occupied CRE Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial business Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Total commercial portfolio 
 
 19 

Past due: 
 30-59 days 
 60-89 days 
 90+ days 
 Total Home equity and other Current 
 Past due: 
 30-59 days 
 60-89 days 
 90+ days 
 Total Total consumer portfolio (1) 
 Total LHFI 
 
 (1) Includes million of loans where a fair value option election was made at the time of origination and, therefore, are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated income statements. 
 20 

Special Mention Substandard Total Multifamily Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Multifamily construction Pass ) Special Mention Substandard Total ) CRE construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Single family construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Single family construction to permanent Current Past due: 30-59 days 60-89 days 90+ days Total Owner occupied CRE Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial business Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Total commercial portfolio 
 
 21 

Past due: 
 30-59 days 
 60-89 days 
 90+ days 
 Total Home equity and other Current 
 Past due: 
 30-59 days 
 60-89 days 
 90+ days 
 Total Total consumer portfolio (1) 
 Total LHFI 
 (1) Includes million of loans where a fair value option election was made at the time of origination and, therefore, are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated income statements. 
 
 The following tables present a vintage analysis of the commercial and consumer portfolio segment by loan sub-class and gross charge-offs: 
 At September 30, 2024 (in thousands) 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 and prior Revolving Revolving-term Total COMMERCIAL PORTFOLIO Commercial business Gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) CONSUMER PORTFOLIO Home equity and other Gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) Total LHFI ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 At December 31, 2023 (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 and prior Revolving Revolving-term Total COMMERCIAL PORTFOLIO Commercial business Gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) CONSUMER PORTFOLIO Home equity and other Gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Total LHFI ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 22 

Multifamily 
 Construction/land development 
 CRE construction Total 
 Commercial and industrial loans Owner occupied CRE Commercial business 
 Total 
 Consumer loans Single family 
 Total collateral-dependent loans 
 At December 31, 2023 (in thousands) 1-4 Family Non-residential real estate Other non-real estate Total CRE Non-owner occupied CRE Construction/land development 
 CRE construction Total 
 Commercial and industrial loans Commercial business 
 Total 
 Consumer loans Single family 
 Total collateral-dependent loans 
 
 23 

Multifamily 
 Construction/land development 
 CRE construction Total 
 Commercial and industrial loans Owner occupied CRE Commercial business Total 
 Consumer loans Single family 
 Home equity and other Total 
 Total nonaccrual loans 
 
 Multifamily Construction/land development 
 Multifamily construction CRE construction Single family construction Single family construction to permanent Total 
 Commercial and industrial loans Owner occupied CRE Commercial business Total 
 Consumer loans Single family 
 (2) Home equity and other Total 
 (3) Total loans 
 24 

Multifamily Construction/land development Multifamily construction CRE construction Single family construction Single family construction to permanent Total 
 Commercial and industrial loans Owner occupied CRE Commercial business Total 
 Consumer loans Single family 
 (2) Home equity and other Total 
 (3) Total loans 
 (1) Includes loans whose repayments are insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA or Small Business Administration ("SBA") of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) FHA-insured and VA-guaranteed single family loans that are 90 days or more past due are maintained on accrual status if they are determined to have little to no risk of loss. 
 million of loans at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, where a fair value option election was made at the time of origination and, therefore, are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in our consolidated income statements. 
 
 25 

Commercial business Single family Term Extension Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) Amortized Cost Basis at Period End of Total Class of Financing Receivable Amortized Cost Basis at Period End of Total Class of Financing Receivable Amortized Cost Basis at Period End of Total Class of Financing Receivable Amortized Cost Basis at Period End of Total Class of Financing Receivable Commercial business Single family 
 
 Significant Payment Delay and Term Extension Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) Amortized Cost Basis at Period End of Total Class of Financing Receivable Amortized Cost Basis at Period End of Total Class of Financing Receivable Amortized Cost Basis at Period End of Total Class of Financing Receivable Amortized Cost Basis at Period End of Total Class of Financing Receivable Non-owner occupied CRE Construction/land development Single family 

Interest Rate Reduction, Significant Payment Delay and Term Extension Quarter Ended June 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) Amortized Cost Basis at Period End of Total Class of Financing Receivable Amortized Cost Basis at Period End of Total Class of Financing Receivable Amortized Cost Basis at Period End of Total Class of Financing Receivable Amortized Cost Basis at Period End of Total Class of Financing Receivable Single family 
 26 

to . 
 Significant Payment Delay Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Non-owner occupied CRE The weighted average duration of loan payments deferred is years 
 The weighted average duration of loan payments deferred is years. 
 Multifamily 
 The weighted average duration of loan payments deferred is years 
 The weighted average duration of loan payments deferred is years 
 Construction/land development The weighted average duration of loan payments deferred is years. 
 The weighted average duration of loan payments deferred is years. 
 Commercial business The weighted average duration of loan payments deferred is years. 
 Single Family Provided payment deferrals to borrowers. A weighted average of loan balances were capitalized and added to the remaining term of the loan. 
 Provided payment deferrals to borrowers. A weighted average of loan balances were capitalized and added to the remaining term of the loan. 
 Provided payment deferrals to borrowers. A weighted average of loan balances were capitalized and added to the remaining term of the loan. 
 Provided payment deferrals to borrowers. A weighted average of loan balances were capitalized and added to the remaining term of the loan. 
 Term Extension Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Non-owner occupied CRE Added a weighted average years to the life of loans, which reduced the monthly payment amounts to the borrowers. 
 Added a weighted average years to the life of loans, which reduced the monthly payment amounts to the borrowers. 
 Construction/land development Added a weighted average years to the life of loans, which reduced the monthly payment amounts to the borrowers. 
 Added a weighted average years to the life of loans, which reduced the monthly payment amounts to the borrowers. 
 Commercial business Added a weighted average years to the life of loans, which reduced the monthly payment amounts to the borrowers. 
 Added a weighted average years to the life of loans, which reduced the monthly payment amounts to the borrowers. 
 Added a weighted average years to the life of loans, which reduced the monthly payment amounts to the borrowers. 
 Added a weighted average years to the life of loans, which reduced the monthly payment amounts to the borrowers. 
 Single family Added a weighted average years to the life of loans, which reduced the monthly payment amounts to the borrowers. 
 Added a weighted average years to the life of loans, which reduced the monthly payment amounts to the borrowers. 
 Added a weighted average years to the life of loans, which reduced the monthly payment amounts to the borrowers. 
 Added a weighted average years to the life of loans, which reduced the monthly payment amounts to the borrowers. 

Upon determination that a modified loan (or portion of a loan) has subsequently been deemed uncollectible, the loan (or portion of the loan) is written off. Therefore, the amortized cost basis of the loan is reduced by the uncollectible amount and the allowance for credit losses is adjusted by the same amount. 
 27 

Commercial business Single family Total 
 
 The following table depicts the payment status of loans that were classified as MBFDs on or after July 1, 2022 through June 30, 2023: 
 
 Payment Status (Amortized Cost Basis) at September 30, 2023 
 (in thousands) Current 30-89 Days Past Due 90+ Days Past Due Non-owner occupied CRE Construction/land development Commercial business Single family Total 

Total 

The following table provides the amortized cost basis as of September 30, 2023 of MBFDs on or after July 1, 2022 through June 30, 2023 and subsequently had a payment default: 
 Amortized Cost Basis of Modified Loans That Subsequently Defaulted Quarter Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Significant Payment Delay Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction and Term Extension Significant Payment Delay and Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction, Significant Payment Delay and Term Extension Commercial business Single family Total 

28 

Construction/land development Commercial business Single family Total 

The following table provides the amortized cost basis as of September 30, 2023 of MBFDs on or after July 1, 2022 through June 30, 2023 and subsequently had a payment default: 
 Amortized Cost Basis of Modified Loans That Subsequently Defaulted Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Significant Payment Delay Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction and Term Extension Significant Payment Delay and Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction, Significant Payment Delay and Term Extension Commercial business Single family Total 

29 

NOTE 4 
 
 Interest bearing: Interest-bearing demand deposits Savings Money market Certificates of deposit Brokered deposits Other Total interest bearing deposits Total deposits 
 
 There were million and million in public funds included in deposits at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 One to two years Two to three years Three to four years Four to five years Thereafter Total 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 30 

NOTE 5 
 
 . 
 ) Interest rate lock commitments ) Interest rate swaps ) Futures ) Options Total derivatives before netting ) Netting adjustment/Cash collateral (1) 
 ) Carrying value on consolidated balance sheet ) 
 
 At December 31, 2023 Notional amount Fair value derivatives (in thousands) Asset Liability Forward sale commitments ) Interest rate lock commitments Interest rate swaps ) Futures ) Options Total derivatives before netting ) Netting adjustment/Cash collateral (1) 
 ) Carrying value on consolidated balance sheet ) 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 ) Derivative liabilities ) ) At December 31, 2023 Derivative assets ) Derivative liabilities ) ) 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 31 

million and million, respectively, in cash collateral received from counterparties and receivables of thousand and thousand, respectively, in cash collateral paid to counterparties.) ) Loan servicing income (loss) (2) 
 ) ) ) Other (3) 
 ) ) 
 (1) Comprised of forward contracts used as an economic hedge of loans held for sale and interest rate lock commitments ("IRLCs") to customers. 
 (2) Comprised of futures, US Treasury options and forward contracts used as economic hedges of single family MSRs. 
 (3) Impact of interest rate swap agreements executed with commercial banking customers and broker dealer counterparties. 
 
 The interest income from US Treasury notes securities used for hedging purposes, which is included in interest income on the consolidated income statements, were million for both quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 million and million, respectively. 

NOTE 6 
 
 CRE, multifamily and SBA Total 
 
 Loans sold consisted of the following for the periods indicated: 
 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Single family CRE, multifamily and SBA Total 
 
 32 

CRE, multifamily and SBA ) Total 
 
 CRE, multifamily and SBA Total 

Additions, net of adjustments (1) 
 ) ) ) Realized (losses) recoveries, net (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 (1) Includes additions for new loan sales and changes in estimated probable future repurchase losses on previously sold loans. 
 (2) Includes principal losses and accrued interest on repurchased loans, "make-whole" settlements, settlements with claimants and certain related expenses. 
 
 The Company has agreements with certain investors to advance scheduled principal and interest amounts on delinquent loans. Advances are also made to fund the foreclosure and collection costs of delinquent loans prior to the recovery of reimbursable amounts from investors or borrowers. Advances of million and million were recorded in other assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 When the Company has the unilateral right to repurchase Ginnie Mae pool loans it has previously sold (generally loans that are more than 90 days past due), the Company records the balance of the loans as other assets and other liabilities. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, delinquent or defaulted mortgage loans currently in Ginnie Mae pools that the Company has recognized on its consolidated balance sheets totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 33 

Amortization of single family MSRs (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Amortization of multifamily and SBA MSRs ) ) ) ) Total 
 Risk management, single family MSRs: 
 
 ) ) Net gain (loss) from economic hedging (3) 
 ) ) ) Total 
 ) ) ) ) Loan servicing income 
 (1) Represents changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows and curtailments. 
 (2) Principally reflects changes in model assumptions, including prepayment speed assumptions, which are primarily affected by changes in mortgage interest rates. 
 (3) The interest income from US Treasury notes securities used for hedging purposes, which is included in interest income on the consolidated income statements, was million for both quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Additions and amortization: Originations 
 Purchases 
 Amortization (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Net additions and amortization 
 ) ) ) ) Changes in fair value assumptions (2) 
 ) ) Ending balance 
 (1) Represents changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows and curtailments. 
 (2) Principally reflects changes in model assumptions, including prepayment speed assumptions, which are primarily affected by changes in mortgage interest rates. 

Discount rate 
 (1) Based on a weighted average. 
 (2) Represents an expected lifetime average CPR used in the model. 
 
 34 

- 
 - 
 Discount Rates - 
 - 
 
 (1) Weighted averages of all the inputs within the range. 
 (2) Represents the expected lifetime average CPR used in the model. 
 
 To compute hypothetical sensitivities of the value of our single family MSRs to immediate adverse changes in key assumptions, we computed the impact of changes to CPRs and in discount rates as outlined below: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) At September 30, 2024 Fair value of single family MSR Expected weighted-average life (in years) CPR Impact on fair value of 25 basis points adverse change in interest rates ) Impact on fair value of 50 basis points adverse change in interest rates ) Discount rate Impact on fair value of 100 basis points increase ) Impact on fair value of 200 basis points increase ) 
 
 Originations Amortization ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Key economic assumptions used in measuring the initial fair value of capitalized multifamily MSRs were as follows: 
 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (rates per annum) (1) 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Discount rate 
 (1) Based on a weighted average. 

35 

- 
 - 
 
 (1) Weighted averages of all the inputs within the range. 

NOTE 7 
 
 billion and billion, respectively. The Company's reserve liability related to this arrangement totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. There were actual losses incurred under this arrangement during the quarters and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had recorded a mortgage repurchase liability for loans sold on a servicing-retained and servicing-released basis, included in accounts payable and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, of million and million, respectively. 

NOTE 8 ) ) Weighted average shares: Basic weighted-average number of common shares outstanding 
 Dilutive effect of outstanding common stock equivalents Diluted weighted-average number of common shares outstanding Net income (loss) per share: Basic earnings per share ) ) ) Diluted earnings per share (1) 
 ) ) ) 
 and unvested stock units convertible into shares of common stock were excluded at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 36 

NOTE 9 
 
 37 

38 

Investment securities AFS Mortgage backed securities: Residential Commercial Collateralized mortgage obligations: Residential Commercial Municipal bonds Corporate debt securities U.S. Treasury securities Agency debentures Single family LHFS Single family LHFI Single family mortgage servicing rights Derivatives Forward sale commitments Options Interest rate lock commitments Interest rate swaps Total assets Liabilities: Derivatives Futures Forward sale commitments Interest rate lock commitments Interest rate swaps Total liabilities 
 
 39 

Investment securities AFS Mortgage backed securities: Residential 
 Commercial 
 Collateralized mortgage obligations: Residential Commercial Municipal bonds Corporate debt securities U.S. Treasury securities Agency debentures Single family LHFS Single family LHFI Single family mortgage servicing rights Derivatives Forward sale commitments Options Interest rate swaps Total assets Liabilities: Derivatives Futures Forward sale commitments Interest rate swaps Total liabilities 
 
 There were transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the quarters and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Level 3 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 The Company's Level 3 recurring fair value measurements consist of investment securities AFS, single family MSRs, single family LHFI where fair value option was elected, certain single family LHFS and interest rate lock commitments, which are accounted for as derivatives. For information regarding fair value changes and activity for single family MSRs during the quarters and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, see Note 6, Mortgage Banking Operations of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 The fair value of IRLCs considers several factors, including the fair value in the secondary market of the underlying loan resulting from the exercise of the commitment, the expected net future cash flows related to the associated servicing of the loan (referred to as the value of servicing) and the probability that the commitment will not be converted into a funded loan (referred to as a fall-out factor). The fair value of IRLCs on LHFS, while based on interest rates observable in the market, is highly dependent on the ultimate closing of the loans. The significance of the fall-out factor to the fair value measurement of an individual IRLC is generally highest at the time that the rate lock is initiated and declines as closing procedures are performed and the underlying loan gets closer to funding. The fall-out factor applied is based on historical experience. The value of servicing is impacted by a variety of factors, including prepayment assumptions, discount rates, delinquency rates, contractually specified servicing fees, servicing costs and underlying portfolio characteristics. Because these inputs are not observable in market trades, the fall-out factor and value of servicing are considered to be Level 3 inputs. The fair value of IRLCs decreases 
 40 

million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Income approach Implied spread to benchmark interest rate curve 
 Single family LHFI Income approach Implied spread to benchmark interest rate curve Interest rate lock commitments, net Income approach Fall-out factor Value of servicing December 31, 2023 Investment securities AFS Income approach Implied spread to benchmark interest rate curve 
 Single family LHFI Income approach Implied spread to benchmark interest rate curve Interest rate lock commitments, net Income approach Fall-out factor Value of servicing 
 
 We had no LHFS where the fair value was not derived with significant observable inputs at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 41 

) Single family LHFI Quarter Ended September 30, 2023 Investment securities AFS ) ) Single family LHFI ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Investment securities AFS ) Single family LHFI Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Investment securities AFS ) ) Single family LHFI ) ) 
 (1) Changes in fair value for single LHFI are recorded in other noninterest income on the consolidated income statements. 
 
 The following table presents fair value changes and activity for Level 3 interest rate lock commitments: 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Beginning balance, net Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) Settlements ) ) ) ) Ending balance, net ) ) 
 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Certain assets held by the Company are not included in the tables above, but are measured at fair value on a periodic basis. These assets include certain LHFI and OREO that are carried at the lower of cost or fair value of the underlying collateral, less the estimated costs to sell. The estimated fair values of real estate collateral are generally based on internal evaluations and appraisals of such collateral, which use the market approach and income approach methodologies. We have omitted disclosure related to quantitative inputs given the insignificance of assets measured on a nonrecurring basis. 
 
 The fair value of commercial properties is generally based on third-party appraisals that consider recent sales of comparable properties, including their income-generating characteristics, adjusted (generally based on unobservable inputs) to reflect the general assumptions that a market participant would make when analyzing the property for purchase. The Company uses a fair value of collateral technique to apply adjustments to the appraisal value of certain commercial LHFI that are collateralized by real estate. 
 
 The Company uses a fair value of collateral technique to apply adjustments to the stated value of certain commercial LHFI that are not collateralized by real estate and to the appraisal value of OREO. 
 
 Residential properties are generally based on unadjusted third-party appraisals. Factors considered in determining the fair value include geographic sales trends, the value of comparable surrounding properties as well as the condition of the property. 
 
 These adjustments include management assumptions that are based on the type of collateral dependent loan and may increase or decrease an appraised value. Management adjustments vary significantly depending on the location, physical characteristics and income producing potential of each individual property. The quality and volume of market information available at the time of the appraisal can vary from period-to-period and cause significant changes to the nature and magnitude of the unobservable inputs used. Given these variations, changes in these unobservable inputs are generally not a reliable indicator for how fair value will increase or decrease from period to period. 
 
 42 

At or for the Quarter Ended September 30, 2023 LHFI ) At or for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 LHFI ) At or for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 LHFI ) 
 (1) Represents the carrying value of loans for which adjustments are based on the fair value of the collateral. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 Investment securities HTM LHFI Mortgage servicing rights multifamily and SBA Federal Home Loan Bank stock Other assets - GNMA EBO loans Liabilities: Certificates of deposit Borrowings Long-term debt 
 At December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Carrying Value Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities HTM LHFI LHFS multifamily and other Mortgage servicing rights multifamily and SBA Federal Home Loan Bank stock Other assets-GNMA EBO loans Liabilities: Certificates of deposit Borrowings Long-term debt 
 43 

44 

ITEM 2 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes presented elsewhere in this report and in HomeStreet, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 ("2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K"). 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the Reform Act ). Generally, forward-looking statements include the words anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, should, will, and would and similar expressions (or the negative of these terms). Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-Q also include statements regarding discussions by FirstSun and the Company relating to the pursuit of an alternative regulatory structure for the proposed merger of HomeStreet into FirstSun Capital Bancorp FirstSun and HomeStreet Bank into Sunflower Bank, N.A. ("Sunflower Bank") a subsidiary of FirstSun (collectively, the Merger ), discussions relating to terms on which HomeStreet and FirstSun would terminate the merger agreement if no alternative structure is feasible, the expected impact of decreases in interest rates and expectations regarding dividend payments in 2024. Such statements involve inherent risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond control of HomeStreet Inc. (the "Company"). Forward-looking statements are based on the Company s expectations at the time such statements are made and speak only as of the date made and are not guarantees of future performance. The Company does not assume any obligation or undertake to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by federal securities or other applicable laws, although the Company may do so from time to time. The Company does not endorse any projections regarding future performance that may be made by third parties. For all forward-looking statements, the Company claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Reform Act. 
 
 We caution readers that actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the Company s forward-looking statements. Rather, more important factors could affect the Company s future results, including but not limited to the following: (1) our ability to successfully consummate the proposed Merger with FirstSun; (2) the ability of HomeStreet and FirstSun to obtain required regulatory and governmental approvals of the Merger when expected or at all (and the risk that such approvals may result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the Merger); (3) the failure to satisfy the closing conditions in the definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated as of January 16, 2024, as amended on April 30, 2024, by and between HomeStreet and FirstSun, or any unexpected delay in closing the Merger; (4) the ability to achieve expected cost savings, synergies and other financial benefits from the Merger within the expected time frames and costs or difficulties relating to integration matters being greater than expected; (5) the diversion of management time from core banking functions due to Merger-related issues; (6) potential difficulty in maintaining relationships with customers, associates or business partners as a result of the announced Merger; (7) the ability of FirstSun to consummate its investment agreements to obtain the necessary capital to support the Merger; (8) the occurrence of any event, change or circumstance that could give rise to the right of one or both parties to terminate the Merger Agreement; (9) the outcome of any legal proceedings that have been or may be instituted against FirstSun or HomeStreet; (10) changes in the U.S. and global economies, including business disruptions, reductions in employment, inflationary pressures and an increase in business failures, specifically among our customers; (11) changes in the interest rate environment; (12) changes in deposit flows, loan demand or real estate values may adversely affect the business of our primary subsidiary, HomeStreet Bank (the Bank ), through which substantially all of our operations are carried out; (13) there may be increases in competitive pressure among financial institutions or from non-financial institutions; (14) our ability to attract and retain key members of our senior management team; (15) the timing and occurrence or non-occurrence of events may be subject to circumstances beyond our control; (16) our ability to control operating costs and expenses; (17) our credit quality and the effect of credit quality on our credit losses expense and allowance for credit losses; (18) the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses; (19) changes in accounting principles, policies or guidelines may cause our financial condition to be perceived or interpreted differently; (20) legislative or regulatory changes that may adversely affect our business or financial condition, including, without limitation, changes in corporate and/or individual income tax laws and policies, changes in privacy laws, and changes in regulatory capital or other rules, and the availability of resources to address or respond to such changes; (21) general economic conditions, either nationally or locally in some or all areas in which we conduct business, or conditions in the securities markets or banking industry, may be less favorable than what we currently anticipate; (22) challenges our customers may face in meeting current underwriting standards may adversely impact all or a substantial portion of the value of our rate-lock loan activity we recognize; (23) technological changes may be more difficult or expensive than what we anticipate; (24) a failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or information technology infrastructure, or those of our third-party providers and vendors, including due to cyber-attacks; (25) success or consummation of new business initiatives may be more difficult or expensive than what we anticipate; (26) our ability to grow efficiently both organically and through acquisitions and to manage our growth and integration costs; (27) staffing fluctuations in response to product demand or the implementation of corporate 
 strategies that affect our work force and potential associated charges; (28) litigation, investigations or other matters before regulatory agencies, whether currently existing or commencing in the future, may delay the occurrence or non-occurrence of events longer than what we anticipate; and (29) our ability to obtain regulatory approvals or non-objection to take various capital actions, including the payment of dividends by us or the Bank, or repurchases of our common stock. A discussion of the factors, risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results, business goals and operational and financial objectives discussed in our 2023 annual report on Form 10-K or in our releases, public statements and/or filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC is also contained in the Risk Factors section of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 (the "First Quarter 2024 Report on Form 10-Q"). We strongly recommend readers review those disclosures in conjunction with the discussions herein. 
 
 All future written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or any person acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to above. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and factors that the Company currently deems immaterial may become material, and it is impossible for the Company to predict these events or how they may affect the Company. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 We have identified two estimates as being critical because they require management to make particularly difficult, subjective, and/or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because of the likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. These policies relate to the allowance for credit losses ACL and the valuation of single family mortgage servicing rights MSRs"). 
 
 The ACL is calculated based on quantitative and qualitative factors to estimate credit losses over the life of the loan. The inputs used to determine quantitative factors include estimates based on historical experience of probability of default and loss given default. Inputs used to determine qualitative factors include changes in current portfolio characteristics and operating environments such as current and forecasted unemployment rates, capitalization rates used to value properties securing loans, rental rates and single family pricing indexes. Qualitative factors may also include adjustments to address matters not contemplated by the model and assumptions used to determine qualitative factors. Although we believe that our methodology for determining an appropriate level for the ACL adequately addresses the various components that could potentially result in credit losses, the processes and their elements include features that may be susceptible to significant change. Any unfavorable differences between the actual outcome of credit-related events and our estimates could require an additional provision for credit losses. For example, if the projected unemployment rate was downgraded one grade for all periods, the amount of the ACL at September 30, 2024 would increase by approximately 8 million. This sensitivity analysis is hypothetical and has been provided only to indicate the potential impact that changes in assumptions may have on the ACL estimate. 
 
 The valuation of MSRs is based on various assumptions which are set forth in Note 6 Mortgage Banking Operations of the financial statements. Note 6 also provides sensitivity analysis based on the assumptions used. The sensitivity analyses are hypothetical and have been provided to indicate the potential impact that changes in assumptions may have on the estimate of the fair value of MSRs. 

45 

Summary Financial Data 
 
 Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per share data and FTE data) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 2024 2023 Select Income Statement data: 
 Net interest income 28,619 29,701 90,471 131,764 Provision for credit losses (886) Noninterest income 11,058 13,227 33,739 30,965 Noninterest expense 49,166 50,931 152,261 192,361 Income (loss) before income taxes (9,489) (8,003) (28,051) (28,746) Net income (loss) (7,282) (6,238) (21,017) (24,089) Net income (loss) per fully diluted share (0.39) (0.33) (1.11) (1.28) Core net income (loss): (1) 
 Total 
 (5,999) (4,341) (15,809) 10,533 Core net income (loss) per fully diluted share (0.32) (0.23) (0.84) 0.56 Select Performance Ratios: Return on average equity - annualized (5.4) (4.8) (5.3) (5.7) Return on average tangible equity - annualized (1) 
 (4.2) (3.0) (3.7) 3.1 Return on average assets - annualized Net income (loss) (0.32) (0.27) (0.30) (0.34) Core (1) 
 (0.26) (0.19) (0.23) 0.15 Efficiency ratio (1) 
 118.7 111.9 116.1 92.7 Net interest margin 1.33 1.37 1.38 1.96 Other data Full time equivalent employees 819 840 839 910 
 (1) Core net income (loss), core net income (loss) per fully diluted share, return on average tangible equity, core return on average assets and the efficiency ratio are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP financial measure or the computation of the measure see Non-GAAP Financial Measures elsewhere in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 46 

As of (in thousands, except share and per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Selected Balance Sheet Data Loans held for sale 38,863 19,637 Loans held for investment, net 7,294,603 7,382,404 ACL 38,651 40,500 Investment securities 
 1,158,035 1,278,268 Total assets 9,201,285 9,392,450 Deposits 6,435,404 6,763,378 Borrowings 
 1,896,000 1,745,000 Long-term debt 225,039 224,766 Total shareholders' equity 538,315 538,387 Other data: 
 Book value per share 
 28.55 28.62 Tangible book value per share (1) 
 28.13 28.11 Total equity to total assets 
 5.9 5.7 Tangible common equity to tangible assets (1) 
 5.8 5.6 Shares outstanding at end of period 
 18,857,565 18,810,055 Loans to deposit ratio (Bank) 
 113.5 109.4 Credit Quality: 
 ACL to total loans (2) 
 0.53 0.55 ACL to nonaccrual loans 
 95.9 103.9 Nonaccrual loans to total loans 
 0.55 0.53 Nonperforming assets to total assets 
 0.47 0.45 Nonperforming assets 
 43,320 42,643 Regulatory Capital Ratios: 
 Bank 
 Tier 1 leverage 8.59 8.50 Total risk-based capital 
 13.41 13.49 Common equity Tier 1 capital 12.75 12.79 Company 
 Tier 1 leverage 7.04 7.04 Total risk-based capital 
 12.70 12.84 Common equity Tier 1 capital 9.50 9.66 
 (1) Tangible book value per share and tangible common equity to tangible assets are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP financial measure, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures elsewhere in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 (2) This ratio excludes balances insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA or SBA. 
 
 47 

Current Developments 
 Proposed Merger Transaction 
 On January 16, 2024, the Company entered into a definitive merger agreement (as amended on April 30, 2024, the merger agreement with FirstSun, the holding company of Sunflower Bank and Dynamis Subsidiary, Inc., whereby the Company and the Bank will merge with and into FirstSun and Sunflower Bank, respectively. The merger agreement was approved by HomeStreet s shareholders at a meeting held on June 18, 2024. Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, the companies will combine in an all-stock transaction in which HomeStreet shareholders will receive 0.3867 of a share of FirstSun common stock for each share of HomeStreet common stock. 
 
 On October 29, 2024 FirstSun and the Company announced that based on discussions with the Federal Reserve and the Texas Department of Banking, regulatory approvals necessary for the Merger to proceed have not been obtained and FirstSun and Sunflower Bank have been asked to withdraw their merger applications. FirstSun and the Company are discussing the pursuit of an alternative regulatory structure for the Merger. The parties are also discussing terms on which they would terminate the Merger agreement if no alternative structure is feasible. There can be no assurance that an alternative regulatory structure may ultimately be feasible. 
 
 Economic and Market Conditions 
 
 Our financial results have been adversely impacted by the historically significant increase in short-term interest rates by the Federal Reserve during 2022 and 2023. This dramatic increase in rates resulted in significant reductions in loan demand, particularly in single family mortgage. Accordingly, our gain on loan sales activities declined significantly and are expected to remain at low levels in 2024. Additionally, our interest sensitive deposits declined as customers moved funds to higher yielding products both at our Bank and at other financial institutions and brokerage firms. We have taken a number of steps to reduce the pressure on our funding base, including: (i) significantly reducing our level of loan originations; and (ii) introducing promotional priced deposit products which allow us to attract and retain deposits without repricing our existing interest-bearing deposit base. Inflationary pressures have adversely impacted our operations by increasing our costs, primarily compensation costs which we expect to be higher in 2024. 
 
 Due to the impacts of the significant increases in short term rates by the Federal Reserve in 2023, and as a result of our actions taken to address the impact of these increases, we expect the balance of our loans held for investment to stay relatively stable during 2024 and our net interest margin to be lower in 2024 as compared to 2023. However, with the recent decrease in short term interest rates, we expect our funding costs to decrease in the fourth quarter and beyond and our interest margin to begin to increase. 

Management's Overview of the Third Quarter 2024 Financial Performance 
 
 Third Quarter of 2024 Compared to the Second Quarter of 2024 
 
 General: Our net loss and loss before income taxes were (7.3) million and (9.5) million, respectively, in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to (6.2) million and (8.0) million, respectively, in the second quarter of 2024. The 1.5 million increase in loss before income taxes was primarily due to lower net interest income and lower noninterest income which was partially offset by a decrease in noninterest expense. 
 
 Income Taxes: The income tax benefit realized resulted in an effective tax rate of 23.3 for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to an effective tax rate of 22.1 in the second quarter of 2024. 
 48 

Net Interest Income: The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, information regarding (i) the total dollar amount of interest income from interest-earning assets and the resultant average yields on those assets; (ii) the total dollar amount of interest expense and the average rate of interest on our interest-bearing liabilities; (iii) net interest income; (iv) net interest rate spread; and (v) net interest margin: 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands) 
 Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Cost Assets: Interest-earning assets: Loans (1) 
 7,385,970 87,330 4.66 7,454,945 87,492 4.66 Investment securities (1) 
 1,155,284 10,536 3.65 1,164,144 11,065 3.80 FHLB Stock, Fed Funds and other 186,336 3,043 6.42 239,344 3,640 6.06 Total interest-earning assets 
 8,727,590 100,909 4.56 8,858,433 102,197 4.59 Noninterest-earning assets 410,701 413,698 Total assets 
 9,138,291 9,272,131 Liabilities and shareholders' equity: Interest-bearing deposits: (2) 
 Demand deposits 
 316,487 250 0.31 315,942 183 0.23 Money market and savings 
 1,703,531 7,237 1.68 1,781,427 7,517 1.68 Certificates of deposit 
 3,025,378 36,522 4.80 3,024,915 35,835 4.76 Total 5,045,396 44,009 3.47 5,122,284 43,535 3.41 Borrowings: Borrowings 
 1,950,109 24,105 4.85 2,025,415 24,786 4.85 Long-term debt 
 224,994 3,104 5.48 224,903 3,101 5.49 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 7,220,499 71,218 3.90 7,372,602 71,422 3.87 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Demand deposits (2) 
 1,283,502 1,282,447 Other liabilities 
 102,682 94,178 Total liabilities 
 8,606,683 8,749,227 Shareholders' equity 531,608 522,904 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 9,138,291 9,272,131 Net interest income 
 29,691 30,775 Net interest rate spread 0.66 0.72 Net interest margin 1.33 1.37 
 
 (1) Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments primarily related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and securities of 1.1 million for both quarters ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. The estimated federal statutory tax rate was 21 for the periods presented. 
 (2) Cost of all deposits, including noninterest-bearing demand deposits was 2.76 and 2.73 for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Our net interest income in the third quarter of 2024 was 1.1 million lower than the second quarter of 2024 due to a decrease in our net interest margin from 1.37 to 1.33 and a decrease in interest earning assets. The decrease in the net interest margin was due to a 3 basis point decrease in the yield on interest earning assets and a 3 basis point increase in the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Yields on interest-earning assets decreased due to lower yields on investment securities. The increase in the rates paid on our interest-bearing liabilities was due to higher deposit costs due to a greater proportion of higher cost certificates of deposit. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses: There was no provision for credit losses recognized during either the third or second quarter of 2024. This reflects the stable balance of our loan portfolio, a minimal level of identified credit issues in our loan portfolio and the lack of significant expected credit issues arising in future periods. 

49 

Noninterest Income consisted of the following: 
 Quarter Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Noninterest income Gain on loan origination and sale activities (1) 
 Single family 
 2,779 2,718 CRE, multifamily and SBA (19) 318 Loan servicing income 3,058 3,410 Deposit fees 
 2,222 2,209 Other 3,018 4,572 Total noninterest income 11,058 13,227 
 (1) May include loans originated as held for investment. 
 
 Loan servicing income, a component of noninterest income, consisted of the following: 
 Quarter Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Single family servicing income, net Servicing fees and other 
 3,776 3,751 Changes - amortization (1) 
 (1,669) (1,713) Net 
 2,107 2,038 Risk management, single family MSRs: Changes in fair value due to assumptions (2) 
 (1,963) 529 Net gain (loss) from economic hedging (3) 
 1,418 (509) Subtotal 
 (545) 20 Single Family servicing income 1,562 2,058 Commercial loan servicing income: Servicing fees and other 2,919 2,811 Amortization of capitalized MSRs (1,423) (1,459) Total 
 1,496 1,352 Total loan servicing income 3,058 3,410 
 (1) Represents changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows and curtailments. 
 (2) Principally reflects changes in model assumptions, including prepayment speed assumptions, which are primarily affected by changes in mortgage interest rates. 
 (3) The interest income from US Treasury notes securities used for hedging purposes, which is included in interest income on the consolidated income statements, was 0.3 million for both the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 
 
 Noninterest income in the third quarter of 2024 decreased from the second quarter of 2024 primarily due to more income realized in the second quarter of 2024 from our investments in small business investment companies. 
 
 Noninterest Expense consisted of the following: Quarter Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Noninterest expense Compensation and benefits 26,760 27,616 Information services 7,742 7,580 Occupancy 4,974 5,130 General, administrative and other 9,690 10,605 Total noninterest expense 49,166 50,931 
 
 50 

The 3.5 decrease in noninterest expenses in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the second quarter of 2024, reflects the Company's emphasis on reducing operating expenses where possible. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 General: Our net income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were (21.0) million and (28.1) million, respectively, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to (24.1) million and (28.7) million, respectively, in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our core net income (loss) and core income (loss) before income taxes in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which excludes the impact of merger related expenses and goodwill impairment charges, was (15.8) million and (21.4) million, as compared to 10.5 million and 11.1 million, respectively, in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (1) .The 32.5 million decrease in core income before taxes was primarily due to lower net interest income, partially offset by an increase in noninterest income and a decrease in noninterest expenses. 
 
 Income Taxes: The income tax benefit realized in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted in an effective tax rate of 25.1 as compared to an effective tax rate of 16.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our effective tax rate in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was significantly impacted by the goodwill impairment charge, a portion of which is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 (1) Core net income (loss) and core income (loss) before income taxes are non-GAAP financial measures. For a discussion of these measures and a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure, please see Non-GAAP Financial Measures at the end of this Item 2. 
 
 51 

Net Interest Income: The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, information regarding (i) the total dollar amount of interest income from interest-earning assets and the resultant average yields on those assets; (ii) the total dollar amount of interest expense and the average rate of interest on our interest-bearing liabilities; (iii) net interest income; (iv) net interest rate spread; and (v) net interest margin: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) 
 Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Cost Assets: Interest-earning assets: Loans (1) 
 7,433,680 261,248 4.64 7,477,454 254,959 4.51 Investment securities (1) 
 1,186,061 33,228 3.74 1,417,438 40,755 3.83 FHLB Stock, Fed Funds and other 271,070 12,254 6.00 160,833 6,270 5.19 Total interest-earning assets 
 8,890,811 306,730 4.56 9,055,725 301,984 4.42 Noninterest-earning assets 412,787 452,976 Total assets 
 9,303,598 9,508,701 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits: (2) 
 Demand deposits 
 318,871 604 0.25 399,962 732 0.24 Money market and savings 
 1,774,733 22,133 1.65 2,320,958 23,077 1.32 Certificates of deposit 
 3,039,514 107,414 4.72 2,736,363 74,794 3.65 Total 5,133,118 130,151 3.38 5,457,283 98,603 2.41 Borrowings: Borrowings 
 2,016,440 73,567 4.81 1,677,276 59,016 4.69 Long-term debt 
 224,904 9,312 5.49 224,525 9,081 5.37 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 7,374,462 213,030 3.84 7,359,084 166,700 3.02 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Demand deposits (2) 
 1,295,044 1,459,506 Other liabilities 
 103,376 124,911 Total liabilities 
 8,772,882 8,943,501 Shareholders' equity 530,716 565,200 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 9,303,598 9,508,701 Net interest income 
 93,700 135,284 Net interest spread 0.73 1.40 Net interest margin 1.38 1.96 
 (1) Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments primarily related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and securities of 3.2 million and 3.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The estimated federal statutory tax rate was 21 for the periods presented. 
 (2) Cost of deposits including noninterest-bearing deposits, was 2.70 and 1.90 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Net interest income in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 41.3 million as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due primarily to a decrease in our net interest margin. Our net interest margin decreased from 1.96 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 1.38 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to a 82 basis point increase in the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities which was partially offset by a 14 basis point increase in the yield on interest earning assets. Yields on interest-earning assets increased as yields on adjustable rate loans increased due to increases in the indexes on which their pricing is based. The increase in the rates paid on our interest-bearing liabilities was due to an increase in the proportion of higher cost borrowings and a decrease in the proportion of noninterest-bearing deposits to the total balance of interest-bearing liabilities and higher deposit costs and higher borrowing costs. The increases in the rates paid on deposits were due to increases in market interest rates over the prior year and the migration of noninterest-bearing and lower cost interest-bearing accounts to higher cost certificates of deposit and money market accounts. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses: There was no provision for credit losses recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to a 0.9 million recovery in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These low levels of provisions for credit losses reflect the stable balance of our loan portfolio, a minimal level of identified credit issues in our loan portfolio and the lack of significant expected credit issues arising in future periods. 

52 

Noninterest Income consisted of the following: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Noninterest income Gain on loan origination and sale activities (1) 
 Single family 
 7,483 6,656 CRE, multifamily and SBA 
 619 582 Loan servicing income 9,500 9,390 Deposit fees 
 6,672 7,817 Other 9,465 6,520 Total noninterest income 33,739 30,965 
 (1) May include loans originated as held for investment. 

Noninterest income in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher levels of income realized from our investments in small business investment companies, an increase in single family gain on loan origination and sales activities which were partially offset by lower deposit fees. 
 
 Loan servicing income, a component of noninterest income, consisted of the following: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Single family servicing income, net Servicing fees and other 
 11,366 11,643 Changes - amortization (1) 
 (4,810) (4,874) Net 
 6,556 6,769 Risk management, single family MSRs: Changes in fair value due to assumptions (2) 
 (816) 1,794 Net gain (loss) from economic hedging (3) 
 (201) (2,833) Subtotal 
 (1,017) (1,039) Single Family servicing income 5,539 5,730 Commercial loan servicing income: Servicing fees and other 8,245 8,023 Amortization of capitalized MSRs (4,284) (4,363) Total 
 3,961 3,660 Total loan servicing income 9,500 9,390 
 (1) Represents changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows and curtailments. 
 (2) Principally reflects changes in model assumptions, including prepayment speed assumptions, which are primarily affected by changes in mortgage interest rates. 
 (3) The interest income from US Treasury notes securities used for hedging purposes, which is included in interest income on the consolidated income statements, was 0.9 million and 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

53 

Noninterest Expense consisted of the following: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Noninterest expense Compensation and benefits 82,387 84,031 Information services 22,664 22,207 Occupancy 15,538 16,834 General, administrative and other 31,672 29,432 Goodwill impairment charge 39,857 Total noninterest expense 152,261 192,361 
 
 The 40.1 million decrease in noninterest expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to a 39.9 million goodwill impairment in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, lower compensation and benefit costs and lower occupancy costs, which were partially offset by 6.7 million of merger related expenses recognized in 2024. The decrease in compensation and benefit costs was primarily due to lower staffing levels, which was partially offset by wage increases given in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. FTEs decreased from 910 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 839 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 54 

Financial Condition 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our total assets decreased 191 million due primarily to a 120 million decrease in investment securities as we are not purchasing new investment securities to replace principal paydowns in our portfolio. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total liabilities decreased 191 million due to a 328 million decrease in deposits, partially offset by an increase in borrowings. The decrease in deposits was primarily due to a 477 million decrease in brokered certificates of deposit which was partially offset by increases in non-brokered deposits. The 151 million of additional borrowings were used to replace maturing brokered deposits. 

Credit Risk Management 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, our ratios of nonperforming assets to total assets and total loans delinquent over 30 days, including nonaccrual loans remained at low levels. As of September 30, 2024, our ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets was 0.47 compared to 0.42 at June 30, 2024 while our ratio of total loans delinquent over 30 days, including nonaccrual loans, to total loans was 0.69 compared to 0.66 at June 30, 2024. 
 
 Management considers the current level of the ACL to be appropriate to cover estimated lifetime losses within our LHFI portfolio. The following table presents the ACL by product type: 
 
 At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) 
 Amount Rate (1) 
 Amount Rate (1) 
 CRE Non-owner occupied CRE 1,812 0.31 2,610 0.41 Multifamily 15,760 0.40 13,093 0.33 Construction/land development Multifamily construction 
 1,389 0.88 3,983 2.37 CRE construction 82 0.85 189 1.02 Single family construction 
 7,187 2.29 7,365 2.69 Single family construction to permanent 
 255 0.47 672 0.64 Total 
 26,485 0.52 27,912 0.54 Commercial and industrial loans Owner occupied CRE 639 0.18 899 0.23 Commercial business 4,472 1.30 2,950 0.83 Total 
 5,111 0.72 3,849 0.52 Consumer loans Single family 3,804 0.36 5,287 0.51 Home equity and other 3,251 0.80 3,452 0.90 Total 
 7,055 0.49 8,739 0.61 Total ACL 38,651 0.53 40,500 0.55 
 (1) The ACL rate is calculated excluding balances related to loans that are insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA or SBA. 

Liquidity and Sources of Funds 
 
 Liquidity risk management is primarily intended to ensure we are able to maintain sources of cash to adequately fund operations and meet our obligations, including demands from depositors, draws on lines of credit and paying any creditors, on a timely and cost-effective basis, in various market conditions. Our liquidity profile is influenced by changes in market conditions, the composition of the balance sheet and risk tolerance levels. The Company has established liquidity guidelines and operating plans that detail the sources and uses of cash and liquidity. 
 
 The Company's primary sources of liquidity include deposits, loan payments and investment securities payments, both principal and interest, borrowings, and proceeds from the sale of loans and investment securities. Borrowings include advances from the FHLB, federal funds purchased, borrowings from the Bank Term Funding Program and borrowings from other financial institutions. Additionally, the Company may sell stock or issue long-term debt to raise funds. While scheduled principal 
 55 

repayments on loans and investment securities are a relatively predictable source of funds, deposit inflows and outflows and prepayments of loans and investment securities are greatly influenced by interest rates, economic conditions and competition. 
 
 The Company s contractual cash flow obligations include the maturity of certificates of deposit, short-term and long-term borrowings, interest on certificates of deposit and borrowings, operating leases and fees for information technology related services and professional services. Obligations for certificates of deposit and short-term borrowings are typically satisfied through the renewal of these instruments or the generation of new deposits or use of available short-term borrowings. Interest payments and obligations related to leases and services are typically met by cash generated from our operations. The Company has 65 million of Senior Notes which mature in 2026 which it expects to pay off from available cash or from the issuance of new debt. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank had available borrowing capacity of 1.6 billion and 2.1 billion, respectively, from the FHLB, and 874 million and 710 million, respectively, from the FRBSF and 1.1 billion, in both periods, under borrowing lines established with other financial institutions. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents decreased by 10 million compared to an increase of 154 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As excess liquidity can reduce the Company s earnings and returns, the Company manages its cash positions to minimize the level of excess liquidity and does not attempt to maximize the level of cash and cash equivalents. The following discussion highlights the major activities and transactions that affected our cash flows during these periods. 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 The Company's operating assets and liabilities are used to support our lending activities, including the origination and sale of mortgage loans. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash of 47 million was used in operating activities, as cash generated from operations was offset by cash used to fund LHFS in excess of proceeds from the sale of loans and increases in trading securities. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash of 1.5 million was used in operating activities, as cash generated from earnings was offset by cash used to fund LHFS in excess of proceeds from the sale of loans and increases in other assets. 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 The Company's investing activities primarily include AFS investment securities and loans originated as held for investment. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash of 215 million was provided by investing activities primarily from principal repayments on AFS securities and by LHFI principal repayments, net of originations, partially offset by net FHLB stock purchases. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash of 392 million was provided by investing activities primarily from net cash acquired from an acquisition, principal repayments on AFS securities, partially offset by the purchase of AFS investment securities and net FHLB stock purchases. 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 The Company's financing activities are primarily related to deposits and net proceeds from borrowings. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash of 178 million was used in financing activities, primarily due to a decrease in deposits, partially offset by an increase in borrowings. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash of 237 million was used in financing activities, primarily due to decreases in deposits and dividends paid on our common stock, partially offset by an increase in borrowings. 
 56 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 In the normal course of business, we are a party to financial instruments that carry off-balance sheet risk. These financial instruments (which include commitments to originate loans and commitments to purchase loans) include potential credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. These transactions are designed to (1) meet the financial needs of our customers, (2) manage our credit, market or liquidity risks, (3) diversify our funding sources and/or (4) optimize capital. 
 
 These commitments include the following: 
 
 (in thousands) At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Unused consumer portfolio lines 608,237 586,904 Commercial portfolio lines (1) 
 580,285 648,609 Commitments to fund loans 13,219 38,426 Total 1,201,741 1,273,939 
 (1) Within the commercial portfolio, undistributed construction loan proceeds, where the Company has an obligation to advance funds for construction progress payments were 340 million and 403 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Capital Resources and Dividend Policy 
 
 The capital rules applicable to United States based bank holding companies and federally insured depository institutions Capital Rules require the Company (on a consolidated basis) and the Bank (on a stand-alone basis) to meet specific capital adequacy requirements that, for the most part, involve quantitative measures, primarily in terms of the ratios of their capital to their assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items, calculated under regulatory accounting practices. In addition, prompt corrective action regulations place a federally insured depository institution, such as the Bank, into one of five capital categories on the basis of its capital ratios: (i) well capitalized; (ii) adequately capitalized; (iii) undercapitalized; (iv) significantly undercapitalized; or (v) critically undercapitalized. A depository institution s primary federal regulatory agency may determine that, based on certain qualitative assessments, the depository institution should be assigned to a lower capital category than the one indicated by its capital ratios. At each successive lower capital category, a depository institution is subject to greater operating restrictions and increased regulatory supervision by its federal bank regulatory agency. 
 
 The following table sets forth the capital and capital ratios of HomeStreet Inc. (on a consolidated basis) and HomeStreet Bank as compared to the respective regulatory requirements applicable to them: 
 At September 30, 2024 Actual For Minimum Capital Adequacy Purposes To Be Categorized As "Well Capitalized" (dollars in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio HomeStreet, Inc. Tier 1 leverage capital (to average assets) 
 655,581 7.04 372,240 4.0 NA NA Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 595,581 9.50 282,051 4.5 NA NA Tier 1 risk-based capital (to risk-weighted assets) 655,581 10.46 376,068 6.0 NA NA Total risk-based capital (to risk-weighted assets) 795,820 12.70 501,425 8.0 NA NA HomeStreet Bank Tier 1 leverage capital (to average assets) 
 798,532 8.59 372,004 4.0 465,005 5.0 Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 798,532 12.75 281,917 4.5 407,213 6.5 Tier 1 risk-based capital (to risk-weighted assets) 798,532 12.75 375,889 6.0 501,185 8.0 Total risk-based capital (to risk-weighted assets) 840,277 13.41 501,185 8.0 626,482 10.0 
 57 

At December 31, 2023 Actual For Minimum Capital Adequacy Purposes To Be Categorized As "Well Capitalized" (dollars in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio HomeStreet, Inc. Tier 1 leverage capital (to average assets) 675,440 7.04 383,696 4.0 NA NA Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 615,440 9.66 286,709 4.5 NA NA Tier 1 risk-based capital (to risk-weighted assets) 675,440 10.60 382,279 6.0 NA NA Total risk-based capital (to risk-weighted assets) 818,075 12.84 509,705 8.0 NA NA HomeStreet Bank Tier 1 leverage capital (to average assets) 814,719 8.50 383,482 4.0 479,352 5.0 Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 814,719 12.79 286,569 4.5 413,933 6.5 Tier 1 risk-based capital (to risk-weighted assets) 814,719 12.79 382,092 6.0 509,456 8.0 Total risk-based capital (to risk-weighted assets) 858,992 13.49 509,456 8.0 636,820 10.0 
 
 As of the dates set forth in the above table, the Company exceeded the minimum required capital ratios applicable to it and the Bank s capital ratios exceeded the minimums necessary to qualify as a well-capitalized depository institution under the prompt corrective action regulations. In addition to the minimum capital ratios, both HomeStreet Inc. and HomeStreet Bank are required to maintain a capital conservation buffer consisting of additional Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of more than 2.5 above the required minimum levels in order to avoid limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses. The required ratios for capital adequacy set forth in the above table do not include the Capital Rules additional capital conservation buffer, though both the Company and Bank maintained capital ratios necessary to satisfy the capital conservation buffer requirements as of the dates indicated. At September 30, 2024, capital conservation buffers for the Company and the Bank were 4.46 and 5.41 , respectively. 
 
 The Company did not declare a cash dividend in the quarter and currently does not plan to pay any quarterly dividends in 2024. The amount and declaration of future cash dividends are subject to approval by our Board of Directors and certain statutory requirements and regulatory restrictions. 
 
 We had no material commitments for capital expenditures as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 58 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 To supplement our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, we use certain use certain non-GAAP measures of financial performance. In this Form 10-Q, we use the following non-GAAP measures: (i) tangible common equity and tangible assets as we believe this information is consistent with the treatment by bank regulatory agencies, which exclude intangible assets from the calculation of capital ratios; (ii) core net income and effective tax rate on core income before taxes, which excludes goodwill impairment charges and merger related expenses and the related tax impact as we believe this measure is a better comparison to be used for projecting future results and (iii) an efficiency ratio which is the ratio of noninterest expense to the sum of net interest income and noninterest income, excluding certain items of income or expense and excluding taxes incurred and payable to the state of Washington as such taxes are not classified as income taxes and we believe including them in noninterest expense impacts the comparability of our results to those companies whose operations are in states where assessed taxes on business are classified as income taxes. 
 
 These supplemental performance measures may vary from, and may not be comparable to, similarly titled measures provided by other companies in our industry. Non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, GAAP. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s performance that either excludes or includes amounts that are not normally excluded or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. A non-GAAP financial measure may also be a financial metric that is not required by GAAP or other applicable requirements. 
 
 We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures, when taken together with the corresponding GAAP financial measures, provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance by providing additional information used by management that is not otherwise required by GAAP or other applicable requirements. Our management uses, and believes that investors benefit from referring to, these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our operating results and when planning, forecasting and analyzing future periods. These non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate a comparison of our performance to prior periods. We believe these measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other parties in the evaluation of companies in our industry. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. In the information below, we have provided reconciliations of, where applicable, the most comparable GAAP financial measures to the non-GAAP measures used in this quarterly report, or a calculation of the non-GAAP financial measure. 
 59 

Reconciliations of non-GAAP results of operations to the nearest comparable GAAP measures: For the Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except ratio, rate and share data) 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 2024 2023 Core net income (loss) Net income (loss) (7,282) (6,238) (21,017) (24,089) Adjustments (tax effected) Merger related expenses 1,283 1,897 5,208 Goodwill impairment 34,622 Total (5,999) (4,341) (15,809) 10,533 Core net income (loss) per fully diluted share 
 Fully diluted shares 18,857,565 18,857,566 18,857,335 18,774,593 Computed amount (0.32) (0.23) (0.84) 0.56 Return on average tangible equity (annualized) Average shareholders' equity 
 531,608 522,904 530,716 565,200 Less: Average goodwill and other intangibles 
 (8,176) (8,794) (8,789) (30,934) Average tangible equity 
 523,432 514,110 521,927 534,266 Core net income (loss) (per above) (5,999) (4,341) (15,809) 10,533 Adjustments (tax effected) Amortization on core deposit intangibles 488 487 1,463 1,687 Tangible income (loss) applicable to shareholders 
 (5,511) (3,854) (14,346) 12,220 Ratio 
 (4.2) (3.0) (3.7) 3.1 Efficiency ratio Noninterest expense Total 
 49,166 50,931 152,261 192,361 Adjustments: 
 Merger related expenses (1,645) (2,432) (6,677) Goodwill impairment (39,857) State of Washington taxes (438) (463) (1,353) (1,653) Adjusted total 
 47,083 48,036 144,231 150,851 Total revenues Net interest income 
 28,619 29,701 90,471 131,764 Noninterest income 
 11,058 13,227 33,739 30,965 Total 39,677 42,928 124,210 162,729 Ratio 118.7 111.9 116.1 92.7 Return on Average assets (annualized) - Core Average Assets 9,138,291 9,272,131 9,303,598 9,508,701 Core net income (loss) - per above (5,999) (4,341) (15,809) 10,533 Ratio (0.26) (0.19) (0.23) 0.15 Effective tax rate used in computations above (1) 
 22.0 22.0 22.0 22.0 
 (1) Effective tax rate indicated is used for all adjustment except the goodwill impairment charge as a portion of this charge was not deductible for tax purposes. Instead, a computed effective rate of 13.1 was used for the goodwill impairment charge. 
 60 

As of (in thousands, except ratio, rate and share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Tangible book value per share Shareholders' equity 
 538,315 538,387 Less: Intangible assets (7,766) (9,641) Tangible shareholder's equity 
 530,549 528,746 Common shares outstanding 
 18,857,565 18,810,055 Computed amount 
 28.13 28.11 Tangible common equity to tangible assets Tangible shareholder's equity (per above) 
 530,549 528,746 Tangible assets 
 Total assets 
 9,201,285 9,392,450 Less: Intangible assets (7,766) (9,641) Net 
 9,193,519 9,382,809 Ratio 5.8 5.6 
 
 61 

ITEM 3 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market Risk Management 
 
 Market risk is defined as the sensitivity of income, fair value measurements and capital to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and other relevant market rates or prices. The primary market risks that we are exposed to are price and interest rate risks. Price risk is defined as the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from changes in the value of either assets or liabilities that are entered into as part of distributing or managing risk. Interest rate risk is defined as risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from movements in interest rates. 
 
 For the Company, price and interest rate risks arise from the financial instruments and positions we hold. This includes loans, MSRs, investment securities, deposits, borrowings, long-term debt and derivative financial instruments. Due to the nature of our current operations, we are not subject to foreign currency exchange or commodity price risk. Our real estate loan portfolio is subject to risks associated with the local economies of our various markets, in particular, the regional economy of the western United States, including Hawaii. 
 
 The spread between the yield on interest-earning assets and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities and the relative dollar amounts of these assets and liabilities are the principal items affecting net interest income. Changes in net interest rates (interest rate risk) are influenced to a significant degree by the repricing characteristics of assets and liabilities (timing risk), the relationship between various rates (basis risk), customer options (option risk) and changes in the shape of the yield curve (time-sensitive risk). We manage the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio while maintaining a balance between risk and return. The Company's funding strategy is to grow deposits while we efficiently supplement using wholesale borrowings. 
 
 We estimate the sensitivity of our net interest income to changes in market interest rates using an interest rate simulation model that includes assumptions related to the level of balance sheet growth, deposit repricing characteristics and the rate of prepayments for multiple interest rate change scenarios. Interest rate sensitivity depends on certain repricing characteristics in our interest-earnings assets and interest-bearing liabilities, including the maturity structure of assets and liabilities and their repricing characteristics during the periods of changes in market interest rates. Effective interest rate risk management seeks to ensure both assets and liabilities respond to changes in interest rates within an acceptable timeframe, minimizing the impact of interest rate changes on net interest income and capital. Interest rate sensitivity is measured as the difference between the volume of assets and liabilities, at a point in time, which are subject to repricing at various time horizons, known as interest rate sensitivity gaps. 
 62 

The following table presents sensitivity gaps for these different intervals: 
 
 At September 30, 2024 (in thousands) 3 Mos. or Less More Than 3 Mos. to 6 Mos. More Than 6 Mos. to 12 Mos. More Than 12 Mos. to 3 Yrs. More Than 3 Yrs. to 5 Yrs. More Than 5 to 15 Yrs. More Than 15 Yrs. Non-Rate- Sensitive Total Interest-earning assets: Cash cash equivalents 205,886 205,886 FHLB Stock 72,547 5,627 78,174 Investment securities (1) 
 193,565 67,787 93,477 131,235 145,108 494,400 32,463 1,158,035 LHFS 38,863 38,863 LHFI (1) 
 1,420,124 371,498 614,301 2,330,074 1,661,055 859,589 76,613 7,333,254 Total 
 1,930,985 439,285 707,778 2,461,309 1,806,163 1,353,989 114,703 8,814,212 Non-interest-earning assets 
 387,073 387,073 Total assets 1,930,985 439,285 707,778 2,461,309 1,806,163 1,353,989 114,703 387,073 9,201,285 Interest-bearing liabilities: Demand deposit accounts (2) 
 315,711 315,711 Savings accounts (2) 
 239,060 239,060 Money market 
 accounts (2 
 1,445,639 1,445,639 Certificates of deposit 1,496,754 827,603 607,644 241,322 8,089 3,181,412 FHLB advances 386,000 225,000 800,000 200,000 1,611,000 FRB borrowings 285,000 285,000 Long-term debt (3) 
 61,857 (1,505) 164,687 225,039 Total 
 3,945,021 1,336,098 607,644 1,206,009 208,089 7,302,861 Non-interest bearing liabilities 
 1,360,109 1,360,109 Shareholders' Equity 538,315 538,315 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 3,945,021 1,336,098 607,644 1,206,009 208,089 1,898,424 9,201,285 Interest sensitivity gap (2,014,036) (896,813) 100,134 1,255,300 1,598,074 1,353,989 114,703 Cumulative interest sensitivity gap 
 Total 
 (2,014,036) (2,910,849) (2,810,715) (1,555,415) 42,659 1,396,648 1,511,351 As a of total assets 
 (22) (32) (31) (17) 15 16 As a of cumulative interest-bearing liabilities 
 49 45 52 78 101 119 121 
 (1) Based on contractual maturities, repricing dates and forecasted principal payments assuming normal amortization and, where applicable, prepayments. 
 (2) Assumes 100 of interest-bearing non-maturity deposits are subject to repricing in three months or less. 
 (3) Based on contractual maturity. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company is considered liability-sensitive as exhibited by the gap table. To reduce our net interest income sensitivity the Company has taken actions to extend the duration of its liabilities, both through increased levels of term certificates of deposit and the utilization of fixed-rate term borrowings. 
 
 Changes in the mix of interest-earning assets or interest-bearing liabilities can either increase or decrease the net interest margin, without affecting interest rate sensitivity. In addition, the interest rate spread between an earning asset and its funding liability can vary significantly, while the timing of repricing for both the asset and the liability remains the same, thereby impacting net interest income. This characteristic is referred to as basis risk. Varying interest rate environments can create unexpected changes in 
 63 

prepayment levels of assets and liabilities that are not reflected in the interest rate sensitivity analysis. These prepayments may have a significant impact on our net interest margin. Because of these factors, an interest sensitivity gap analysis may not provide an accurate assessment of our actual exposure to changes in interest rates. 
 
 The estimated impact on our net interest income over a time horizon of one year and the change in net portfolio value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are provided in the table below. For the scenarios shown, the interest rate simulation assumes an instantaneous and parallel shift in market interest rates and no change in the composition or size of the balance sheet. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Change in Interest Rates 
 (basis points) (1) 
 Percentage Change Net Interest Income (2) 
 Net Portfolio Value (3) 
 Net Interest Income (2) 
 Net Portfolio Value (3) 
 +300 (18.6) (22.3) (15.4) (23.8) +200 (11.5) (12.6) (9.4) (13.9) +100 (5.3) (5.2) (4.2) (5.9) -100 5.2 1.8 3.5 1.9 -200 9.8 0.4 6.6 1.0 -300 17.5 (5.7) 10.9 (6.7) 
 (1) For purposes of our model, we assume interest rates will not go below zero. This "floor" limits the effect of a potential negative interest rate shock in a low rate environment. 
 (2) This percentage change represents the impact to net interest income for a one-year period, assuming there is no change in the structure of the balance sheet. 
 (3) This percentage change represents the impact to the net present value of equity, assuming there is no change in the structure of the balance sheet. 
 
 The changes in interest rate sensitivity between December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024 reflected the impact of lower market interest rates, a slightly steepened yield curve and changes to overall balance sheet composition. Some of the assumptions made in the simulation model may not materialize and unanticipated events and circumstances will occur. In addition, the simulation model does not take into account any future actions that we could undertake to mitigate an adverse impact due to changes in interest rates from those expected, in the actual level of market interest rates or competitive influences on our deposits. 
 
 Current Banking Environment 
 
 Industry events, including bank failures, have led to uncertainty and concerns regarding the liquidity positions of the banking sector. These failures underscore the importance of maintaining access to diverse sources of funding. Market conditions and external factors may unpredictably impact the competitive landscape for deposits in the banking industry. Additionally, the higher interest rate environment has increased competition for liquidity and the premium at which liquidity is available to meet funding needs. Reliance on secondary funding sources could increase the Company's overall cost of funding and reduce net interest income. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had available contingent liquidity of 5.1 billion which is equal to 80 of its total deposits and the level of uninsured deposits was 8 of total deposits. The Company believes it has sufficient liquidity to meet its current needs. 
 64 

ITEM 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of our management and under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(d), our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, also conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Because the nature of our business involves, among other things, the collection of numerous accounts, the validity of liens and compliance with various state and federal laws, we are subject to various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business related to foreclosures, bankruptcies, condemnation and quiet title actions and alleged statutory and regulatory violations. We are also subject to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business related to employment and other consumer matters. We do not expect that these proceedings, either individually or taken as a whole, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or our results of operations. There are currently no matters that, in the opinion of management, would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated balance sheet, results of operations or liquidity, or for which there would be a reasonable possibility of such a loss based on information known at this time. 
 
 On April 11, 2024, a putative shareholder of the Company filed a complaint related to the pending Merger transaction in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (the Complaint ). The action is captioned as Marsha Ederer v. HomeStreet, Inc. et al., No. 24-cv-02748. The Complaint named as defendants the Company and the Company s Board of Directors. The Complaint alleges, among other things, that the proxy statement/prospectus filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024 in connection with the Merger was materially incomplete and misleading. This, according to the Complaint, violated Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder and Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The Complaint seeks, among other things: (i) an injunction enjoining the Merger, (ii) rescission or rescissory damages in the event the Merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement is consummated, (iii) direction that defendants cause a revised proxy statement/prospectus to be disseminated, (iv) costs of the action, including plaintiffs attorneys fees and experts fees, and (v) other relief the court may deem just and proper. The Complaint remains pending, but no defendant in the case has been served, and the plaintiff has taken no steps to pursue the litigation. 
 
 Additional lawsuits arising out of the Merger may be filed in the future. There can be no assurance that any of the defendants will be successful in the outcome of any pending or any potential future lawsuits. HomeStreet believes that the Complaint is without merit and intends to defend vigorously against the Complaint. 
 
 65 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 
 Refer to Item 1A of Part I of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, Item 1A of Part II of our First Quarter 2024 Form 10-Q, and our definitive proxy statement for our shareholder meeting on June 16, 2024 filed with the SEC on May 16, 2024 (the 2024 Proxy Statement for a discussion of factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and capital position. The following risk factors relate to and update certain risks described in these filings. 
 
 Regulatory approvals may not be received, have taken longer than expected, or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or that could have an adverse effect on the combined company following the Merger. 
 
 Before the Merger may be completed, various consents, approvals, waiver or non-objections must be obtained from state and federal governmental authorities, including the Federal Reserve Board, the Texas Department of Banking and the Director of the State of Washington Department of Financial Institutions. On October 29, 2024, we and FirstSun announced that, based on discussions FirstSun and its subsidiary, Sunflower Bank, have had with the Federal Reserve and the Texas Department of Banking, that regulatory approvals necessary for the Merger to proceed have not been obtained and FirstSun and Sunflower Bank have been asked to withdraw their merger applications. We and FirstSun are discussing the pursuit of an alternative regulatory structure for the Merger. We and FirstSun are also discussing terms on which the merger agreement would be terminated if no alternative structure is feasible. There can be no assurance that an alternative regulatory structure may ultimately be feasible. Under the Merger Agreement, the parties are not obligated to complete the Merger should any required regulatory approval contain any condition or restriction that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) on the surviving entity in the Merger and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the Merger and the related merger of HomeStreet Bank into a wholly owned subsidiary of FirstSun. 
 
 Shareholder litigation could prevent or delay the completion of the Merger or otherwise negatively impact the business and operations of FirstSun and the Company. 
 
 On April 11, 2024, a putative shareholder of the Company filed a complaint against the Company and the Company s Board of Directors in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (the Complaint ), alleging, among other things, that the proxy statement/prospectus filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024 in connection with the Merger was materially incomplete and misleading. The Complaint seeks remedies, including an injunction enjoining the Merger and rescission or rescissory damages in the event the Merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement is consummated. For more information, see Part II, Item 1 Legal Proceedings in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 One of the conditions to the closing is that there must be no order, injunction or decree issued by any court or governmental entity of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint preventing the consummation of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. If any plaintiff were successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting FirstSun or the Company from completing the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, then such injunction may delay or prevent the effectiveness of the Merger and could result in significant costs to FirstSun or the Company, including any cost associated with the indemnification of directors and officers of each company. FirstSun and the Company may incur additional costs in connection with the defense or settlement of any stockholder or shareholder lawsuits filed in connection with the Merger. Such litigation could have an adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of FirstSun and the Company and could prevent or delay the completion of the Merger. 
 
 The Merger Agreement limits the Company s ability to pursue alternatives to the Merger and may discourage other companies from trying to acquire the Company. 
 
 The Merger Agreement contains no shop covenants that restrict the Company s ability to, directly or indirectly, among other things, initiate, solicit, knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate, inquiries or proposals with respect to, or, subject to certain exceptions generally related to the exercise of fiduciary duties by the Company s board of directors, engage in any negotiations concerning, or provide any confidential or non-public information or data relating to, any alternative acquisition proposal. These provisions, which include a 10 million termination fee payable by the Company under certain circumstances, may discourage a potential third-party acquirer that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant part of the Company from considering or proposing that acquisition. In addition, the terms of the Merger Agreement limit the ability of the Company to pursue alternative business opportunities, including sales or transfers of multifamily loans or other assets, or make changes to its business pending the completion of the Merger and other restrictions on the Company s ability to conduct its business. 
 
 66 

We are subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the Merger is pending that could harm our business relationships, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 During the period prior to the closing of the Merger and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, our business is exposed to certain inherent risks and contractual restrictions that could harm our business relationships, financial condition, results of operations, and business, including: 
 
 potential uncertainty in the market for our banking products and services, which could lead to the loss of customers or cause customers to remove their accounts from the Company and move their business to competing financial institutions; 
 difficulties maintaining existing and establishing new business relationships with customers, associates and other business partners; 
 disruption to our business and operations, including diversion of management attention and resources; 
 the inability to attract and retain key personnel and recruit prospective employees, and the possibility that our current employees could be distracted, and their productivity decline as a result, due to uncertainty regarding the Merger; 
 the inability to pursue alternative business opportunities or make changes to our business pending the completion of the Merger and other restrictions on our ability to conduct our business; 
 our inability to freely issue securities, incur certain indebtedness, declare or authorize dividends or distributions or make certain material capital expenditures without FirstSun s approval; 
 our inability to solicit other acquisition proposals during the pendency of the Merger under the terms of the Merger Agreement; 
 the costs, fees, expenses and charges related to the Merger Agreement and the Merger, including but not limited to the cost of professional services, insurance, regulatory compliance and litigation; and 
 other developments beyond our control, including, but not limited to, changes in U.S. or global economic conditions that may affect the timing or success of the Merger. 
 
 If any of these effects were to occur, it could adversely impact our business, cash flow, results of operations or financial condition, as well as the market price of our common stock and our perceived value, regardless of whether the Merger is completed. 
 
 The Company may need to initiate litigation against FirstSun to seek judicial relief from the Merger Agreement if the parties are unable to reach agreement on an alternative regulatory structure for the Merger or a mutual termination of the Merger Agreement if no alternative structure is deemed feasible. 
 
 On October 29, 2024, FirstSun and the Company announced that based on discussions with the Federal Reserve and the Texas Department of Banking, regulatory approvals necessary for the Merger to proceed have not been obtained and FirstSun and Sunflower Bank have been asked to withdraw their merger applications. FirstSun and the Company are discussing the pursuit of an alternative regulatory structure for the Merger. The parties are also discussing terms on which they would terminate the Merger Agreement if no alternative regulatory structure is deemed feasible. There can be no assurance that an alternative regulatory structure may ultimately be feasible. 
 
 If the Company and FirstSun are unable to agree that an alternative regulatory structure is feasible, or upon terms on which a mutual termination of the Merger Agreement would be acceptable, the Company may need to initiate litigation against FirstSun to seek judicial relief from the Merger Agreement. Litigation is subject to inherent risk, and therefore, the Company s success as to the outcome of any litigation cannot be guaranteed. Any litigation could also result in substantial costs to the Company, including litigation costs and potential settlement costs, and disruption to the Company s business and operations, including diversion of management attention and resources. The pursuit of any judicial relief or the settlement, or failure to reach a settlement, for any claims may result in negative media attention, and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and market price of our common stock. 

67 

ITEM 2 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 There were no sales of unregistered securities during the third quarter of 2024. 

ITEM 3 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers informed us of the or of a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as those terms are defined in Regulation S-K, Item 408. 

68 

ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 
 32 (1) 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Furnished herewith. 
 101 INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

(1) This exhibit shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

69 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Seattle, State of Washington, on November 7, 2024. 
 
 HomeStreet, Inc. By: /s/ Mark K. Mason Mark K. Mason President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

HomeStreet, Inc. By: /s/ John M. Michel John M. Michel Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 70 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 hmst-ex31110qq32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

CERTIFICATIONS 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Mark K. Mason, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of HomeStreet, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over 
 financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 By s Mark K. Mason Mark K. Mason President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 hmst-ex31210qq32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John M. Michel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of HomeStreet, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 By s John M. Michel John M. Michel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 hmst-ex3210qq32024.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Mark K. Mason, the Chief Executive Officer of HomeStreet, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated November 7, 2024 By s Mark K. Mason Mark K. Mason President and Chief Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, John M. Michel, the Chief Financial Officer of HomeStreet, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated November 7, 2024 By s John M. Michel John M. Michel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 hmst-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 hmst-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 hmst-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 hmst-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 hmst-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

