<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1544522_0001544522-24-000057.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9024634</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>120733</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1553968</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3188849</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2191786</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1789217</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001544522-24-000057.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106162908
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001544522-24-000057
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Freshworks Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001544522
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				331218825
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40806
		FILM NUMBER:		241431487

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2950 S. DELAWARE ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			SAN MATEO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 513-0514

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2950 S. DELAWARE ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			SAN MATEO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94403

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FreshDesk Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120312

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001544522-24-000057.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 frsh-20240930.htm
 10-Q

frsh-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 , 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 , 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 1, 2024, the number of shares of the registrant s Class A common stock outstanding was and the number of shares of the registrant s Class B common stock outstanding was . 

FRESHWORKS INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 2 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 43 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 45 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 45 
 ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 45 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 
 46 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 47 
 SIGNATURES 
 48 
 
 1 

SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial condition, business strategy, and plans and objectives of management for future operations are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will or would, or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 our expectations regarding our annual recurring revenue (ARR), revenue, expenses, and other operating results; 
 our ability to acquire new customers and successfully retain existing customers; 
 our ability to increase the number of users who access our platform; 
 our ability to increase usage of existing products; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth; 
 our ability to achieve or sustain profitability; 
 future investments in our business, our anticipated capital expenditures, and our estimates regarding our capital requirements; 
 the costs and success of our sales and marketing efforts, and our ability to maintain and enhance our brand; 
 the estimated addressable market opportunity for existing products and new products; 
 our reliance on key personnel and our ability to identify, recruit, and retain skilled personnel; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth, including any international expansion; 
 our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses, including D42 Parent, Inc.; 
 the effects of macroeconomic uncertainties, including high interest rates, foreign exchange rate volatility, global geopolitical uncertainties, inflationary pressures, and other macroeconomic factors beyond our control; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and any costs associated therewith; 
 our ability to compete effectively with existing competitors and new market entrants; and 
 the size and growth rates of the markets in which we compete. 
 You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and operating results. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward- 
 2 

looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. While we believe that such information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, that information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments. 
 Where You Can Find More Information 
 We announce material information to the public through a variety of means, including filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, press releases, public conference calls, our website (freshworks.com), the investor relations section of our website (ir.freshworks.com), our LinkedIn account (linkedin.com/company/freshworks-inc/), and our X (formerly Twitter) account (@FreshworksInc). We use these channels to communicate with investors and the public about our company, our products and services and other matters. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media and others interested in our company to review the information we make public in these locations, as such information could be deemed to be material information. 
 3 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 
 FRESHWORKS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and 
 Deferred contract acquisition costs Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred contract acquisition costs, noncurrent Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Income tax payable Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, non-current Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 
 par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Class A common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 
 Class B common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

FRESHWORKS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expense: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Interest and other income, net Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per share - basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

FRESHWORKS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income: Available-for-sale securities: Change in unrealized loss on marketable securities Net change on cash flow hedges ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

FRESHWORKS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balances as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting and settlement of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 ) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balances as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting and settlement of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income 
 Net loss ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 7 

FRESHWORKS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock and options in connection with acquisition 
 Issuance of common stock upon vesting and settlement of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan, net of shares withheld and retired for taxes Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting and settlement of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan, net of shares withheld and retired for taxes Stock-based compensation Unrealized loss on marketable securities Net loss ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

FRESHWORKS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs Non-cash lease expense Stock-based compensation Discount amortization on marketable securities 
 ) ) Deferred income taxes ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Deferred contract acquisition costs ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued and other liabilities ) Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Capitalized internal-use software ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Maturities and redemptions of marketable securities Business combination, net of cash acquired ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan, net Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payment of withholding taxes on net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to consolidated balance sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash included in other assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations, net of modifications Stock-based compensation capitalized as internal-use software Issuance of common stock and options in connection with acquisition 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

FRESHWORKS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 million. See Note 6 Business Combinations. 
 Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 
 Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statement s 
 Use of Estimates 
 10 

Concentrations of Risk 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 11 

Disaggregation of Revenue 
 Professional services Total revenue 
 See Note 13 for revenue by geographic location. 
 Unbilled Receivables, Deferred Revenue and Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Unbilled receivables primarily represent revenue recognized in excess of billings from non-cancellable multi-year contract arrangements. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million of unbilled receivables, respectively. Unbilled receivables are included within accounts receivable, net on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Deferred revenue consists of customer billings in excess of revenue being recognized. As of September 30, 2024, non-current deferred revenue of million was included in Other Liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2023, the Company did have any non-current portion of deferred revenue. 
 Revenue recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 from amounts included in deferred revenue at the beginning of these periods was million and million, respectively. Revenue recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 from amounts included in deferred revenue at the beginning of these periods was million and million, respectively. 
 The aggregate balance of remaining performance obligations as of September 30, 2024 was million. The Company expects to recognize million of the balance as revenue in the next months and the remainder thereafter. The aggregate balance of remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. 
 Deferred Contract Acquisition Costs 
 Add: Contract costs capitalized during the period Less: Amortization of contract costs during the period ) ) ) ) Balance at end of the period 
 
 12 

U.S. treasury securities Corporate debt securities Total cash equivalents Debt securities: U.S. treasury securities ) U.S. government agency securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Certificates of deposit 
 Total debt securities ) Total cash equivalents and debt securities ) 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value Cash equivalents: Money market funds U.S. treasury securities U.S. government agency securities Corporate debt securities Total cash equivalents Debt securities: U.S. treasury securities ) U.S. government agency securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Total debt securities ) Total cash equivalents and debt securities ) 
 13 

) ) ) U.S. government agency securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 ) ) ) U.S. government agency securities ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 Due after one year but within five years Total 
 Accrued interest receivable of million and million was classified in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 In addition to available-for-sale debt securities, marketable securities also include term bond mutual funds, which are measured at fair value. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any term bond mutual funds. As of December 31, 2023, the fair value of the term bond mutual funds was million. The change in fair value of the term bond mutual funds is recorded in interest and other income, net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The realized and unrealized gains recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations were not material during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 14 

The Company did have any assets or liabilities subject to fair value remeasurement on a nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 U.S. treasury securities Corporate debt securities Marketable securities: U.S. treasury securities U.S. government agency securities Corporate debt securities Certificates of deposit 
 Total financial assets 
 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Measured Using Level 1 Level 2 Total Financial assets: Cash equivalents: Money market funds U.S. treasury securities U.S. government agency securities Corporate debt securities Marketable securities: U.S. treasury securities U.S. government agency securities Corporate debt securities Term bond mutual funds Total financial assets 
 15 

million. 

Capitalized internal-use software Office equipment Furniture and fixtures Motor vehicles Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 The following table summarizes depreciation expense and internal-use software capitalization and amortization for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Capitalization of costs associated with internal-use software 
 Amortization expense of capitalized internal-use software 
 Depreciation expense 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the net carrying value of capitalized internal-use software was million and million, respectively 
 16 

Accrued reseller commissions Accrued advertising and marketing expenses Advanced payments from customers Accrued taxes Operating lease liabilities, current Contributions withheld for employee stock purchase plan Other accrued expenses Total accrued liabilities 
 Noncurrent liabilities include million and million of long term accrued compensation as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 million, which consists of million in cash paid, including million of cash acquired, million in common stock issued, and million in assumed and converted stock option awards. The purchase price is subject to customary post-closing adjustments and conditions. 
 As part of the business combination, the Company assumed certain unvested, in-the-money options held by Device42's founder, which were converted into replacement stock option awards issued pursuant to the Company's 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. These awards have a fair value of million and will vest from the closing date subject to continued employment The portion of the fair value of the assumed and converted awards that was related to pre-combination vesting was million and is included as part of the consideration discussed above, and the remaining million is post-combinatio n expense that will be recognized as compensation expense over the remaining service period. Refer to Note 10 Stockholders' Equity and Stock-Based Compensation for valuation of options. 
 The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were approximately million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and were recorded in general and administrative expense. 
 T he Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as is practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. 
 17 

Trade accounts and other receivables 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Customer relationships 
 Developed technology 
 Trademarks 
 Goodwill 
 Total 
 Liabilities assumed: 
 Accounts payable and other current liabilities 
 Deferred revenue 
 Deferred tax liability 
 Total 
 Total purchase price consideration 
 
 The excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities acquired was recorded as goodwill. The goodwill recognized is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The Company expects to derive value from the combination of Device42 s existing customer base, IT asset management technology, and trademarks, as well as through other synergies. The deferred tax liability was primarily driven by the fair value of intangible assets. The fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management s best estimates and assumptions as of the acquisition date and are considered preliminary pending finalization of the valuation pertaining to deferred tax liabilities . 
 The customer relationships, developed technology, and trademarks will b e amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of years, years, and year, respectively. The Company used the income approach to estimate the fair value of intangible assets acquired. 
 The Company has included the operating results of Device42 in its condensed consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. The revenue and net income of Device42 included in the condensed consolidated statement of operations from the date of acquisition to September 30, 2024 were not material. 
 Net loss ) ) ) ) 
 The unaudited supplemental pro forma results reflect certain adjustments for the amortization of acquired intangible assets, recognition of stock-based compensation, and acquisition-related transaction expenses. Such pro forma amounts are not necessarily indicative of the results that actually would have occurred had the acquisition been completed on the date indicated, nor is it indicative of the Company's future operating results. 
 18 

Goodwill acquired (Note 6) 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Acquired intangible assets consist of developed technology, customer relationships and trademarks and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. 
 
 ) Customer relationships ) Trademarks 
 ) Total ) 
 
 Sales and marketing Total amortization expense 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Thereafter 
 Total future amortization 
 19 

, some of which include options to extend the lease for up to an additional . The Company's leases do not contain any residual value guarantee. 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 The weighted-average remaining term of the Company's operating leases and the weighted-average discount rate used to measure the present value of the operating lease liabilities are as follows: 
 Lease Term and Discount Rate September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 The following table presents supplemental information arising from lease transactions. Cash payments related to short-term leases are not included in the measurement of the operating lease liabilities, and as such, are excluded from the amounts below (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cash payments included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities Operating right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations, net of modifications 
 ) 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 material future payments related to signed leases that have not yet commenced . 
 20 

million remain outstanding under these agreements through 2028. 
 Litigation and Loss Contingencies 
 On November 1, 2022, a purported Company stockholder filed a securities class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company, certain of its current officers and directors, and underwriters of the Company's initial public offering (IPO). On April 14, 2023, the court-appointed lead plaintiff filed a consolidated amended class action complaint. The complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 11, 12(a)(2), and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 by making material misstatements or omissions in offering documents filed in connection with the IPO. The complaint seeks unspecified damages, interest, fees, costs, and rescission on behalf of purchasers and/or acquirers of common stock issued in the IPO. On September 28, 2023, the court issued an order granting in part and denying in part defendants' motion to dismiss. The Company and the other defendants continue to vigorously defend against the remaining claims in this action. 
 On March 20, 2023, a purported stockholder derivative complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The complaint names as defendants the Company s current directors, as well as the Company, as nominal defendant, and asserts state and federal claims based on some of the same alleged misstatements as the securities class action complaint. The derivative complaint seeks unspecified damages, attorneys fees, and other costs. On June 21, 2023, the court stayed the case in light of the pending securities class action. On October 16, 2023, the court extended the stay of the case in light of the pending securities class action. The Company and the other defendants continue to vigorously defend against the claims in this action. 
 From time to time, the Company has been and may be in the future subject to other legal proceedings, claims, investigations, and government inquiries (collectively, legal proceedings) in the ordinary course of business. It has received and may receive claims from third parties asserting, among other things, infringement of their intellectual property rights, defamation, labor and employment rights, privacy, and contractual rights. There are no currently pending legal proceedings that the Company believes will have a material adverse impact on the business or condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Indemnifications 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into contractual arrangements under which the Company agrees to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to customers, business partners, and other parties with respect to certain matters, including losses arising out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties, if the Company has violated applicable laws, if the Company is negligent or commits acts of willful misconduct, and other liabilities with respect to its products and services and its business. In these circumstances, payment is typically conditional on the other party making a claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract. The Company also indemnifies certain of its officers, directors and certain key employees while they are serving in good faith in their respective capacities. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such indemnifications and has not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations in its condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 21 

2021 Equity Incentive Plan: Options, RSUs and PRSUs outstanding (1) 
 Shares reserved for future award issuances 2022 Inducement Plan: Options and RSUs outstanding Shares reserved for future award issuances 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Shares reserved for future award issuances Total awards outstanding and shares of common stock reserved for issuance 
 
 (1) Outstanding shares include the Executive PRSUs and 2024 Executive Chairman Award, as discussed below, based on achievement of target performance. 
 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Under the ESPP, the price at which common stock is purchased is equal to of the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock on the first day of the offering period or the applicable purchase date, whichever is lower. The fair market value of common stock will generally be the closing sales price on the determination date. The ESPP provides an offering period of months, with purchase periods that are generally long and end on May 15 and November 15 of each year. The Company issued and shares under the ESPP in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in each case net of shares withheld and retired to satisfy withholding tax requirements for certain employees in jurisdictions outside the United States. The weighted average purchase price per share was with aggregate net proceeds of million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and the weighted average purchase price was with aggregate net proceeds of million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The ESPP also includes a reset provision for the purchase price if the fair market value of a share of the Company's common stock on the first day of any purchase period is less than or equal to the fair market value of a share of the Company's common stock on the first day of an ongoing offering. If the reset provision is triggered, a new -month offering period begins. The reset provision under the ESPP was triggered in May 2022, November 2022 and May 2024. Each triggering of the reset provision was considered a modification in accordance with ASC 718, Stock Based Compensation , with the modification charge recognized on a straight-line basis over the new offering period. The modifications did not have a material effect on the Company's stock-based compensation expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 22 

million in each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Determination of Fair Value of the ESPP 
 The Company estimates the fair value of the ESPP using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires certain complex valuation assumption inputs such as expected term, expected stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and dividend yield. The fair value of each of the four purchase periods is estimated separately. 
 - 
 - 
 Stock price volatility - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Dividend yield 

Stock Options 
 Stock options are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant, have a -year contractual term, and vest over a period. 
 Assumed and converted options from acquisition (Note 6) 
 Stock options exercised ) Stock options cancelled / forfeited / expired Balance as of September 30, 2024 Options vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 Options exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 (1) Aggregate intrinsic value for stock options represents the difference between the exercise price and the per share fair value of the Company s common stock as of the end of the period, multiplied by the number of stock options outstanding, exercisable, or vested. 
 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of the assumed and converted stock options related to the Device42 acquisition was for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of which approximately million was related to post-combination services and will be recognized as stock-based compensation over requisite service period of (Note 6). 
 Determination of Fair Value of the Stock Options 
 The Company estimates the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires certain complex valuation assumption inputs such as expected term, expected stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and dividend yield. There were no stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other than the stock options assumed as part of the Device42 acquisition in June 2024. 
 23 

Stock price volatility Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 RSUs are granted at fair market value at the date of the grant and typically vest over a period. 
 Granted (1) 
 Vested (2) 
 ) Forfeited/Cancelled (3) 
 ) Unvested, as of September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, shares granted includes million shares granted to the Executive Chairman as long-term equity incentive award accounted for as a modification. The weighted average grant date fair value was per share. Refer to the Executive Chairman Awards discussion below. 
 (2) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total shares that vested were million, of which million were withheld for tax purposes. 
 PRSUs discussed in the Executive Chairman Awards section below. 
 
 The total fair value of vested RSUs during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the total fair value of vested RSUs was million and million, respectively. 
 Performance-Based Awards 
 Executive Chairman Awards 
 In September 2021, the Board approved a grant of PRSUs to the Company's then CEO, now current Executive Chairman, with a time-based service condition beginning January 1, 2022, and a market condition involving separate stock price hurdles ranging from to per share for each of the vesting tranches (2021 Executive Chairman Performance Award). The 2021 Executive Chairman Performance Award had a total grant date fair value of million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million related to this 2021 Executive Chairman Performance Award prior to the modification effective March 1, 2024 discussed below. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million and million of stock-based compensation expense related to this 2021 Executive Chairman Performance Award, respectively. 
 As a result of macroeconomic conditions outside the control of the Company s leadership team, the separate stock price hurdles were considered by the Board to be too high for the 2021 Executive Chairman Performance Award to have the retention value expected at the time the award was granted. In February 2024, the 
 24 

million, both effective March 1, 2024. 
 The Company accounted for the 2024 Executive Chairman Award as a modification. There were incremental costs recognized as a result of the modification and the remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation expense from the 2021 Executive Chairman Performance Award of million will be recognized over the vesting period of the new 2024 Executive Chairman Award. The 2024 Executive Chairman Award comprised of time-based RSUs that vest quarterly over and PRSUs with the same terms as the Executive PRSUs discussed below. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to the 2024 Executive Chairman Award. 
 Executive PRSUs 
 In February 2024, the Board approved PRSUs to be granted to certain members of the executive team (Executive PRSUs), subject to service and performance-based vesting conditions. The performance-based vesting conditions include revenue and free cash flow targets over the performance period from January 1 to December 31, 2024, and vest over from the grant date. and of each Executive PRSU award will be earned based on the Company s achievement of revenue and free cash flow targets, respectively. The performance targets allow the Company's executives to earn up to a maximum of of target performance in the aggregate for significant outperformance. 
 The fair value of each PRSU is based on the fair value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. Stock-based compensation associated with these Executive PRSUs is recognized using the accelerated attribution method over the requisite service period, based on the Company's periodic assessment of the probability that the performance will be achieved. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company r ecognized million and million of stock-based compensation expense related to the Executive PRSUs, respectively. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Research and development (1) 
 Sales and marketing 
 General and administrative (2) 
 Stock-based compensation, net of amounts capitalized Capitalized stock-based compensation Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 (1) Stock-based compensation expense recorded to research and development in the consolidated statements of operations excludes amounts that were capitalized for internal-use software. 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 25 

Stock options ESPP Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders - basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders - basic and diluted 
 Stock options ESPP Total 
 26 

million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively; and the income tax benefit was million and the income tax expense was million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in provision for income taxes during the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to an increase in profit before tax in certain foreign jurisdictions. The change in provision for income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year is primarily due to a tax benefit of million from the Device42 acquisition in the current year, partially offset by higher tax expenses due to higher foreign profits before tax. 
 The increase in tax benefit of million is primarily due to the net deferred tax liability generated from the acquisition of Device42, which provided sufficient taxable income to release valuation allowance. 

Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Other Total revenue 
 Revenue from North America consists primarily of revenue from the United States. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenue generated from the United States was million and million, or approximately and of total consolidated revenue, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenue generated from the United States was million and million, or and of total consolidated revenue, respectively. 
 The United Kingdom, included within Europe, Middle East and Africa in the table above, contributed million and million, or approximately and of total consolidated revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenue generated from the United Kingdom was million and million, or and of the total consolidated revenue, respectively. 
 Long-lived assets consist primarily of property, plant and equipment and ROU assets. 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Total long-lived assets 
 Long-lived assets in North America are primarily located in the United States, and long-lived assets in Asia Pacific are primarily located in India. 
 27 

million of the Company s outstanding Class A common stock. Under the repurchase program, the Company may repurchase shares of the Company s outstanding Class A common stock from time to time in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions and/or other means in compliance with the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. The timing, manner, price, and amount of any repurchases will be determined by the Company at its discretion, and will depend on a variety of factors, including business, economic and market conditions, prevailing stock prices, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other considerations. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 Restructuring 
 In November 2024, the Company committed to a restructuring plan (the Plan) to better align the Company's talent with its strategic priorities and to improve operating efficiency. The Company estimates that this will result in approximately reduction in headcount and approximately million to million in charges in the fourth quarter of 2024, consisting primarily of cash expenditures for separation-related payments, employee benefits and related costs. The Company expects that the Plan will be substantially complete by the end of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024. 

28 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes and the discussion under the heading Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. As described in the section titled Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, particularly in the section titled Risk Factors. 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to make it fast and easy for businesses to delight their customers and employees. 
 We provide people-first, AI service software that organizations use to deliver exceptional customer and employee experiences. We provide our solutions in two product families: Customer Experience (CX) and Employee Experience (EX). CX products include Freshdesk, Freshchat, Freshsales, and Freshmarketer. EX products include Freshservice, Freshservice for Business Teams and Device42. Our latest generative AI solutions, Freddy AI Agent and Freddy AI Copilot, further enhance the customer and employee experience. 
 In June 2024, we acquired all outstanding shares of D42 Parent, Inc., (Device42), an IT asset management company for approximately 238.1 million, which primarily consisted of 225.3 million in cash, and approximately 12.9 million of common stock and stock options. Our consolidated financial statements and key business metrics as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 include Device42 since the acquisition date. 
 We generate revenue primarily from the sale of subscriptions for accessing our cloud-based software products over the contract term. We generally enter into subscription agreements with our customers on monthly, annual, or multi-year terms and invoice customers in advance in either monthly or annual installments. We also sell professional services that include product configuration, data migration, systems integration, and training. With the acquisition of Device42 in the quarter ended June 30, 2024, we also sell software licenses with associated maintenance. 
 Our customer base and operations have scaled over time. Our total revenue was 186.6 million and 153.6 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, representing year-over-year growth of 22 ; and 525.8 million and 436.3 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, representing year-over-year growth of 21 . We incurred operating losses of 38.9 million and 38.7 million for three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively; and 114.8 million and 130.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Macroeconomic and Other Factors 
 Current macroeconomic uncertainties, including inflationary pressures, significant volatility in global markets, and geopolitical developments have impacted and may continue to impact business spending and the overall economy, and in turn our business. These macroeconomic events could adversely affect demand for our products and services. For example, during the recent quarters, our net dollar retention rate was adversely impacted by lower expansion within existing customers driven by macroeconomic pressures and we expect these pressures to persist for the foreseeable future. A dditionally, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations negatively impacted our revenue growth historically and volatility in the foreign currency market may still exist. For each of the quarters ended September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 202 3, we had approximately 27 of revenue exposure related to the euro and British Pound. If adverse conditions aris e, they could have a material adverse impact on our results and our ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings. 
 29 

Given our business model is primarily subscription-based, the effects of the macroeconomic conditions may not be fully reflected in our revenue until future periods. The ultimate impact on our business and operations remains highly uncertain, and it is not possible for us to predict the duration and extent to which this will affect our business, productivity of our employees, future results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Key Business Metrics 
 We monitor and review a number of metrics, including the following key metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. Key business metrics and our financial performance are impacted by various factors discussed below, including fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. We also review customer data used for calculating these key business metrics on an ongoing basis and make necessary modifications resulting from such review. We believe these key business metrics provide meaningful supplemental information for management and investors in assessing our operating performance. 
 As of September 30, 2024 2023 Growth Number of customers contributing more than 5,000 in ARR 22,359 19,551 14 ARR from customers contributing more than 5,000 in ARR as a percentage of total ARR 90 88 Net dollar retention rate 107 108 
 Number of Customers Contributing More Than 5,000 in ARR 
 We define our total customers contributing more than 5,000 in annual recurring revenue (ARR) as of a particular date as the number of business entities or individuals, represented by a unique domain or a unique email address, with one or more paid subscriptions to one or more of our products that contributed more than 5,000 in ARR. We believe that the number of customers that contribute more than 5,000 in ARR is an indicator of our success in attracting, retaining, and expanding with larger businesses. 
 Net Dollar Retention Rate 
 Our net dollar retention rate measures our ability to increase revenue across our existing customer base through expansion of users and products associated with a customer as offset by our churn and contraction in the number of users and products associated with a customer. To calculate net dollar retention rate as of a particular date, we first determine Entering ARR, which is ARR from the population of our customers as of 12 months prior to the end of the reporting period. We then calculate the Ending ARR, which is ARR from the same set of customers as of the end of the reporting period. We then divide the Ending ARR by the Entering ARR to arrive at our net dollar retention rate. Ending ARR includes upsells, cross-sells, renewals and expansion as a result of acquisitions during the measurement period and is net of any contraction or attrition over this period. 
 We define ARR as the sum total of subscription, software license, and maintenance revenue we would contractually expect to recognize over the next 12 months from all customers at a point in time, assuming no increases, reductions, or cancellations in their subscriptions, and assuming that revenues are recognized ratably over the term of the contract. For monthly subscriptions, we take the recurring revenue run-rate of such subscriptions for the last month of the period and multiply it by 12 to get to ARR. While monthly subscribers as a group have historically maintained or increased their subscriptions over time, there is no guarantee that any particular customer on a monthly subscription will renew its subscription in any given month, and therefore the calculation of ARR for these monthly subscriptions may not accurately reflect revenue to be received over a 12-month period from such customers, and net dollar retention rate may reflect a higher rate than the actual rate if customers on monthly subscriptions choose not to renew during the course of the 12 months. Monthly subscriptions represented 15 and 18 of ARR as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The net dollar retention rate for customers on monthly contracts has generally been lower than our overall net dollar retention rate. In addition, as part of our regular review of customer data that includes reviewing customers purchasing our products via resellers so we can 
 30 

properly attribute them as end customers, we may make adjustments that could impact the calculation of net dollar retention rate. 
 Our net dollar retention rate was 107 as of September 30, 2024, which was a decrease from 108 as of September 30, 2023 primarily due to lower expansion within existing customers driven by macroeconomic pressures, offset by a favorable foreign currency impact, the addition of Device42 and a slight improvement in our overall churn rate. We expect our net dollar retention rate could fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, difficult macroeconomic conditions, our expected growth, the level of penetration within our customer base, our ability to upsell and cross-sell products to existing customers, and our ability to retain our customers. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to our results determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), we believe the following non-GAAP financial measures are useful in evaluating our operating performance: non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net income, and free cash flow. We use these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate our ongoing operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures may be helpful to investors because they provide consistency and comparability with past financial performance. 
 Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in their usefulness to investors and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for financial information presented under GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and are not prepared under any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. In addition, other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures differently or may use other measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of our non-GAAP financial measures as tools for comparison. As a result, our non-GAAP financial measures are presented for supplemental informational purposes only. 
 We exclude the following items from one or more of our non-GAAP financial measures: 
 Stock-based compensation expense. We exclude stock-based compensation, which is a non-cash expense, from certain of our non-GAAP financial measures because we believe that excluding this expense provides meaningful supplemental information regarding operational performance. In particular, stock-based compensation expense is not comparable across companies given the variety of valuation methodologies and assumptions. 
 Employer payroll taxes on employee stock transactions. We exclude the amount of employer payroll taxes on equity awards from certain of our non-GAAP financial measures because they are dependent on our stock price at the time of vesting or exercise and other factors that are beyond our control and do not believe these expenses have a direct correlation to the operation of the business. 
 Amortization of acquired intangibles. We exclude amortization of acquired intangibles, which is a non-cash expense, from certain of our non-GAAP financial measures. Our expenses for amortization of acquired intangibles are inconsistent in amount and frequency because they are significantly affected by the timing, size of acquisitions, and the allocation of purchase price. We exclude these amortization expenses because we do not believe these expenses have a direct correlation to the operating performance of our business. 
 Income tax effect and adjustments. We exclude the income tax effect of the above adjustments and income tax effect associated with acquisitions from our non-GAAP financial measures. We exclude these costs because we do not believe these expenses have a direct correlation to the operating performance of our business. 
 31 

Non-GAAP Income From Operations and Non-GAAP Net Income 
 We define non-GAAP income from operations as GAAP loss from operations, excluding stock-based compensation expense, employer payroll taxes on employee stock transactions, and amortization of acquired intangibles. 
 We define non-GAAP net income as GAAP net loss, excluding stock-based compensation expense, employer payroll taxes on employee stock transactions, and amortization of acquired intangibles, net of their related tax effects. 
 The following tables present a reconciliation of our GAAP loss from operations to our non-GAAP income from operations and our GAAP net loss to our non-GAAP net income for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Non-GAAP Income from Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Loss from operations (38,864) (38,735) (114,818) (130,131) Non-GAAP adjustments: Stock-based compensation expense 58,709 55,125 166,290 160,067 Employer payroll taxes on employee stock transactions 523 1,008 2,789 2,766 Amortization of acquired intangibles 3,592 4,568 303 Non-GAAP income from operations 
 23,960 17,398 58,829 33,005 
 
 Non-GAAP Net Income 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (29,959) (31,033) (73,468) (109,355) Non-GAAP adjustments: Stock-based compensation expense 58,709 55,125 166,290 160,067 Employer payroll taxes on employee stock transactions 523 1,008 2,789 2,766 Amortization of acquired intangibles 3,592 4,568 303 Income tax adjustments 708 479 (12,672) 1,617 Non-GAAP net income 
 33,573 25,579 87,507 55,398 
 Free Cash Flow 
 We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, less purchases of property and equipment and capitalized internal-use software costs. We believe that free cash flow is a useful indicator of liquidity as it measures our ability to generate cash from our core operations after purchases of property and equipment. Free cash flow is a measure to determine, among other things, cash available for strategic initiatives, including further investments in our business and potential acquisitions of businesses. 
 32 

The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable measure calculated in accordance with GAAP for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 42,329 23,913 119,284 55,312 Less: Purchases of property and equipment (1,056) (278) (4,110) (990) Capitalized internal-use software (1,168) (1,564) (3,574) (5,075) Free cash flow 40,105 22,071 111,600 49,247 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 50,150 102,144 (170,345) 146,280 Net cash used in financing activities (11,640) (24,029) (45,958) (47,409) 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Substantially all of our revenue is derived from subscriptions, which is comprised of fees paid by customers for accessing our cloud-based software products during the term of the subscription. Subscription revenue is recognized ratably over the contract term beginning on the commencement date of each subscription, which is the date that the cloud-based software is made available to customers. The Company also sells software licenses with associated maintenance and professional services based on product offerings introduced upon the acquisition of Device42 in the quarter ended June 30, 2024. Software license revenue is recognized upon making the software available to the customer and maintenance revenue is recognized as support and updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the contract term. 
 Professional services revenue comprises less than 5 of total revenue and includes fees charged for product configuration, data migration, systems integration, and training. Professional services revenue is recognized as services are performed. 
 We generally enter into subscription and software license agreements with our customers on monthly, annual, or multi-year terms and invoice customers in advance in either monthly or annual installments. Our payment terms generally require the customers to pay the invoiced amount in advance or within 30 days from the invoice date. Our maintenance and professional services are generally billed in advance along with the related subscription and software license arrangements. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of personnel-related expenses (including salaries, related benefits, and stock-based compensation expense) for employees associated with our cloud-based infrastructure, payment gateway fees, voice, product support, and professional services organizations, as well as costs for hosting capabilities. Cost of revenue also includes third-party license fees, amortization of acquired technology intangibles, amortization of capitalized internal-use software, and allocation of general overhead costs such as facilities and information technology. 
 We expect our cost of revenue to continue to increase in dollar amount as we invest additional resources in our cloud-based infrastructure and customer support and professional services organizations. However, our gross profit and gross margin may fluctuate from period to period due to the timing and extent of our investments in third-party hosting capacity, expansion of our cloud-based infrastructure, customer support, and professional services organizations, as well as the amortization of costs associated with capitalized internal-use software. 
 33 

Overhead Allocation 
 We allocate shared costs, such as facilities costs (including rent, utilities, and depreciation on capital expenditures related to facilities shared by multiple departments), information technology costs, and certain administrative personnel costs to all departments based on headcount and location. Allocated shared costs are reflected in each of the expense categories described below, in addition to cost of revenue as described above. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development. Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, related benefits, and stock-based compensation expense for engineering and product development employees and certain executives, software license fees, rental of office premises, third-party product development services and consulting expenses, and depreciation expense for equipment used in research and development activities. We capitalize a portion of our research and development expenses that meet the criteria for capitalization of internal-use software. All other research and development costs are expensed as incurred. 
 We believe that continued investment in our products is important for our growth, and as such, we expect that our research and development expenses will continue to increase in dollar amount for the foreseeable future, but such expenses as a percentage of revenue may fluctuate from period to period depending upon the timing and amount of these expenses. 
 Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, related benefits, and stock-based compensation expense for our sales personnel and certain executives, sales commissions for our sales force and reseller commissions for our channel sales partners, as well as costs associated with marketing activities, travel and entertainment costs, software license fees, and rental of office premises. Sales commissions that are considered incremental costs incurred to obtain contracts with customers are deferred and amortized over the expected benefit period of three years. Marketing activities include online lead generation, advertising, and promotional events. 
 We expect to continue to make significant investments as we expand our customer acquisition, retention efforts and marketing events and associated business travel. As a result, we expect that our sales and marketing expenses will continue to increase in dollar amount for the foreseeable future, however, we expect it to decline as a percentage of revenue over the longer term. This percentage may fluctuate from period to period depending upon the timing and amount of these expenses. 
 General and Administrative. General and administrative expense consists primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, related benefits, and stock-based compensation expense for certain executives and other general and administrative personnel, third-party professional services fees, including consulting, legal, audit, and accounting services, travel and entertainment costs, accounting, legal, human resources, and recruiting personnel, costs of director and officer insurance, costs associated with acquisitions of businesses, software license fees, and rental of office premises. 
 As a publicly traded company, we expect to increase personnel-related and professional service expenses associated with ongoing compliance and reporting obligations and costs to broaden our IT related infrastructure. Our general and administrative expenses are expected to continue to increase in dollar amount for the foreseeable future, however, we expect it to decline as a percentage of revenue over the longer term. This percentage may fluctuate from period to period depending upon the timing and amount of our general and administrative expenses. 
 Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Interest and other income (expense), net primarily consists of interest income from our investment portfolios, amortization of premium or discount on marketable securities, and foreign currency gains and losses. 
 34 

Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes consists primarily of income taxes related to U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business. We maintain a full valuation allowance on our U.S. federal and state net deferred tax assets as we have concluded that it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. Provision for (benefit from) income taxes could also include changes in valuation allowance. Our effective tax rate is affected by tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amounts of income we earn in those jurisdictions, as well as non-deductible expenses, such as stock-based compensation, and changes in our valuation allowance. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations data for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 186,575 153,550 525,849 436,321 Cost of revenue (1) 
 29,806 26,263 83,871 76,360 Gross profit 156,769 127,287 441,978 359,961 Operating expenses: Research and development (1) 
 47,885 34,885 123,562 101,922 Sales and marketing (1) 
 101,253 90,673 300,143 265,458 General and administrative (1) 
 46,495 40,464 133,091 122,712 Total operating expenses 195,633 166,022 556,796 490,092 Loss from operations (38,864) (38,735) (114,818) (130,131) Interest and other income, net 
 13,929 10,993 39,971 31,688 Loss before income taxes (24,935) (27,742) (74,847) (98,443) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 5,024 3,291 (1,379) 10,912 Net loss (29,959) (31,033) (73,468) (109,355) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of revenue 1,830 1,710 5,033 5,137 Research and development (1) 
 13,454 9,623 32,475 28,662 Sales and marketing 
 15,303 18,757 50,980 51,786 General and administrative (2) 
 28,122 25,035 77,802 74,482 Total stock-based compensation expense 58,709 55,125 166,290 160,067 
 (1) Stock-based compensation expense recorded to research and development in the consolidated statements of operations excludes amounts that were capitalized for internal-use software. 
 (2) General and administrative expense includes stock-based compensation associated with RSUs and PRSUs granted to our Executive Chairman of 12.1 million and 14.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 38.3 million and 41.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 35 

The following table sets forth our condensed consolidated statements of operations data for the periods presented, as a percentage of revenue: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 100 100 100 100 Cost of revenue 16 17 16 18 Gross profit 84 83 84 82 Operating expense: Research and development 26 23 23 23 Sales and marketing 54 59 57 61 General administrative 25 26 25 28 Total operating expenses 105 108 105 112 Loss from operations (21) (25) (21) (30) Interest and other income, net 7 7 8 7 Loss before income taxes (14) (18) (13) (23) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 3 2 2 Net loss (17) (20) (13) (25) 
 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Subscription services, software licenses and maintenance 
 184,409 150,033 34,376 23 Professional services 2,166 3,517 (1,351) (38) Total revenue 186,575 153,550 33,025 22 
 Revenue increased by 33.0 million, or 22 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Of the total increase in revenue, approximately 9.7 million was attributable to revenue from existing customers as of September 30, 2023, net of contraction and churn, and approximately 23.3 million was attributable to revenue from new customers acquired during the twelve m onths ended September 30, 2024, net of contraction and churn, as well as all revenue from Device42 during the quarter. Our net dollar retention rate of 107 as of September 30, 2024 reflects the expansion within existing customers and the sale of additional products to these customers. Our net dollar retention rate decreased from 108 as of September 30, 2023 primarily due to lower expansion within existing customers driven by macroeconomic pressures, offset by a favorable foreign currency impact, the addition of Device42 and a slight improvement in our overall churn rate. The majority of our revenue continues to be generated from subscription services. 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Cost of revenue 29,806 26,263 3,543 13 Gross Margin 84 83 
 36 

Cost of revenue increased by 3.5 million, or 13 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due to increases of 1.4 million in amortization of acquired developed technologies and internally capitalized software, 0.9 million in personnel-related costs, 0.8 million in third-party hosting costs and 0.5 million in professional and consulting expenses. Our gross margin increased to 84 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 83 in the same period of the prior year, as we increased our revenue and continue to realize benefits from economies of scale primarily related to our third-party hosting costs. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Research and development 47,885 34,885 13,000 37 Sales and marketing 101,253 90,673 10,580 12 General and administrative 46,495 40,464 6,031 15 Total operating expenses 195,633 166,022 29,611 18 
 The 29.6 million, or 18 , increase in our operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily driven by increases in personnel-related costs due to annual compensation adjustments, stock-based compensation expense, amortization of developed technologies, advertisement, marketing and branding costs, and professional services fees. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expense increased by 13.0 million, or 37 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by an increase of 7.1 million in personnel-related costs, 3.8 million in stock-based compensation expense, 0.7 million in professional services and subscription costs, and 0.5 million in web-hosting charges. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense increased by 10.6 million, or 12 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily driven by increases of 8.5 million in personnel-related costs, 2.3 million in amortization of acquired intangible assets, 1.2 million in advertisement, marketing and branding costs, 0.6 million in reseller commissions, and 0.5 million in travel expenses, partially offset by a decrease of 3.5 million in stock-based compensation expense. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense increased by 6.0 million, or 15 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily driven by increases of 3.1 million in stock-based compensation expense, 2.5 million in personnel-related costs and 0.6 million in professional services fees, partially offset by decrease of 0.5 million in directors and officers' insurance. 
 Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Interest income 12,389 12,245 144 1 Other income (expense), net 1,540 (1,252) 2,792 Interest and other income, net 
 13,929 10,993 2,936 27 
 not meaningful 
 37 

Other income (expense), net changed by 2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a favorable impact from changes in foreign exchange rates in British Pound and euro against the U.S. dollar. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Provision for income taxes 
 5,024 3,291 1,733 53 
 
 We are subject to federal and state income taxes in the United States and taxes in foreign jurisdictions. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded a provision for income taxes of 5.0 million and 3.3 million on loss before taxes of 24.9 million and 27.7 million, respectively. The increase in provision for income taxes during the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to an increase in profit before tax in certain foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Subscription services, software licenses and maintenance 
 518,582 425,755 92,827 22 Professional services 7,267 10,566 (3,299) (31) Total revenue 525,849 436,321 89,528 21 
 Revenue increased by 89.5 million, or 21 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Of the total increase in revenue, approximately 46.2 million was attributable to revenue from existing customers as of September 30, 2023, net of contraction and churn, and approximately 43.3 million was attributable to revenue from new customers acquired during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, net of contraction and churn, as well as all revenue from Device42 since the date of the acquisition. Our net dollar retention rate of 107 as of September 30, 2024 reflects the expansion within existing customers and the sale of additional products to these customers. The substantial majority of our revenue continues to be generated from subscription services. 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Cost of revenue 83,871 76,360 7,511 10 Gross Margin 84 82 
 Cost of revenue increased by 7.5 million, or 10 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due to increases of 2.0 million in amortization of developed technologies and internally capitalized software, 1.9 million in third-party hosting costs, 1.4 million in software license fees and 1.0 million in professional service fees. Our gross margin increased to 84 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 82 in the same period of the prior year, as we increased our revenue and realized benefits from economies of scale primarily related to our third-party hosting costs. 
 38 

Operating Expenses 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Research and development 123,562 101,922 21,640 21 Sales and marketing 300,143 265,458 34,685 13 General and administrative 133,091 122,712 10,379 8 Total operating expenses 556,796 490,092 66,704 14 
 The 66.7 million, or 14 , increase in our operating expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily driven by increases in personnel-related costs due to annual compensation adjustments, net of certain changes in employee incentives, changes in stock-based compensation expense, advertising, marketing and branding expenses and professional fees. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expense increased by 21.6 million, or 21 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily driven by increases of 12.1 million in personnel-related costs, 3.8 million in stock-based compensation expense, 1.5 million lower capitalization for internally developed software, 0.9 million in professional services fees, 0.8 million in software license fees, 0.7 million in web hosting costs, 0.7 million in travel expenses and 0.6 million in rent expenses. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense increased by 34.7 million, or 13 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily driven by increases of 15.7 million in personnel-related costs, 6.5 million in advertisement, marketing and branding costs, 3.1 million in reseller commissions, 3.0 million in travel expenses, 2.8 million in amortization of acquired intangible assets, 2.0 million in professional services fees, 0.9 million in subscription costs and 0.6 million in rent expenses, partially offset by 0.8 million in stock-based compensation expense. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense increased by 10.4 million, or 8 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily driven by increases of 4.9 million in personnel-related costs, 3.3 million in stock-based compensation expense, 2.9 million in professional services fees, comprised primarily of legal, accounting and consulting fees and 0.5 million in software license fees, partially offset by decreases of 1.6 million in directors and officers' insurance and 1.0 million in tax-related costs. 
 Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Interest income 40,071 32,767 7,304 22 Other income (expense), net (100) (1,079) 979 (91) Interest and other income, net 39,971 31,688 8,283 26 
 
 Interest income increased by 7.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in interest rates and increased interest income earned on larger balances maintained in our marketable securities portfolios. 
 39 

Other income (expense), net changed by 1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a favorable impact from changes in foreign exchange in British Pound against the U.S. dollar. 
 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 (1,379) 10,912 (12,291) 
 not meaningful 
 
 We are subject to federal and state income taxes in the United States and taxes in foreign jurisdictions. The benefit from income taxes was 1.4 million and the income tax expense was 10.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The net increase in tax benefit of 12.3 million was primarily related to a tax benefit of 14.3 million from the Device42 acquisition in the current year, partially offset by higher tax expenses due to higher foreign profits before tax. 
 The increase in tax benefit of 14.3 million in this period is primarily due to the net deferred tax liability generated from the acquisition of Device42, which provided sufficient taxable income to release valuation allowance. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 391.1 million and marketable securities of 663.9 million. Our marketable securities consist primarily of U.S. treasury securities, U.S. government agency securities, corporate debt securities, and certificates of deposit. 
 Since inception, we have funded our operations primarily with financing through the issuance of redeemable convertible preferred and common stock to investors and through our IPO in September 2021. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 3.7 billion. Our operating activities resulted in cash inflows of 119.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In November 2024, we committed to a restructuring plan that is expected to incur charges in the fourth quarter of 2024, consisting primarily of cash expenditures for separation-related payments, employee benefits and related costs. See Note 14 Subsequent Events. 
 Our other material cash requirements are related to the settlement of future contractual obligations associated with operating leases and other service subscription agreements (as described in Contractual Obligations and Commitments below). 
 We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months. We believe we will meet longer-term expected future cash requirements and obligations through a combination of our existing cash and cash equivalents balances, cash flow from operations, and issuances of equity securities or debt offerings. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate of our revenue growth, the timing and extent of spending on research and development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced product offerings, and other business initiatives and the continuing market adoption of our products. We may in the future enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, and technologies, including intellectual property rights. We may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing in connection with such activities. If we raise additional funds through the incurrence of indebtedness, such indebtedness may have rights that are senior to holders of our equity securities and could contain covenants that restrict our operational flexibility. Any additional equity or convertible debt financing may be dilutive to stockholders. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 40 

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 119,284 55,312 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (170,345) 146,280 Net cash used in financing activities (45,958) (47,409) 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities of 119.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflects our net loss of 73.5 million, adjusted for non-cash items such as stock-based compensation of 166.3 million, amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs of 20.7 million, depreciation and amortization of 13.1 million, and non-cash lease expense of 6.6 million; offset by 13.8 million from changes in deferred income taxes and 13.0 million from discount amortization of marketable securities. Additionally, net cash inflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities were 12.6 million. The net cash inflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities were due to a decrease of 6.6 million in accounts receivable and increases in operating liabilities of 27.0 million in deferred revenue, 10.2 million in accrued and other liabilities and 3.1 million in accounts payable; offset by increases in operating assets of 24.7 million in deferred contract acquisition costs and 7.7 million in prepaid expenses and other assets; and a decrease of 1.8 million in operating lease liabilities. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities of 55.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 reflects our net loss of 109.4 million, adjusted for non-cash items such as stock-based compensation of 160.1 million, amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs of 17.6 million, depreciation and amortization of 9.1 million and non-cash lease expense of 5.7 million; offset by 12.1 million from discount amortization of marketable securities and net cash outflows of 15.9 million from changes in operating assets and liabilities. The net cash outflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities were due to increases in operating assets of 19.1 million in deferred contract acquisition costs, 11.8 million in prepaid expenses and other assets, 10.0 million in accounts receivable; and a decrease in operating liabilities of 9.1 million in lease liabilities, 3.2 million in accrued and other liabilities, and 3.2 million in accounts payable; offset by an increase in operating liabilities of 40.5 million in deferred revenue. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 170.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted of 213.9 million cash paid for the business combination, net of cash acquired, 4.1 million in purchases of property and equipment, 3.6 million in capitalized internal-use software, offset by 51.2 million in maturities and sales of marketable securities, net of purchases. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities of 146.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted of 152.3 million in proceeds from maturities and sales, net of purchases of marketable securities; offset by 5.1 million in capitalized internal-use software and 1.0 million in purchases of property and equipment. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 46.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted of 49.6 million in payment of withholding taxes on net share settlement of equity awards; offset by 3.6 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan, net of taxes withheld. 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 47.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted of 51.8 million in payment of withholding taxes on net share settlement of equity awards; offset by 4.3 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan, net of taxes withheld. 
 41 

Remaining Performance Obligations on Customer Contracts 
 We generally enter into subscription and software license agreements with our customers on monthly, annual, or multi-year terms and invoice customers in advance in either monthly or annual installments. A small portion of our annual contracts may have billing terms that are different from their subscription terms and most of our multi-year contracts are invoiced annually. As of September 30, 2024, remaining performance obligations totaled 488.9 million, which comprised 299.4 million of deferred revenue and 189.5 million of unbilled amounts. 
 We expect that the value of the remaining performance obligations will change from one period to another for several reasons, including new contracts, timing of renewals, cancellations, contract modifications and foreign currency fluctuations. We believe that fluctuations in remaining performance obligations are not necessarily a reliable indicator of future revenue and we do not utilize it as a key management metric internally. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Our principal commitments consist of operating lease obligations for office space and contractual obligations under third-party cloud infrastructure agreements and service subscription agreements. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our estimated future contractual obligations totaled 323.4 million, of which 31.2 million and 292.2 million were operating lease commitments and other contractual obligations, respectively. See Note 8 Leases and Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies in the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements of varying scope and terms pursuant to which we agree to indemnify customers, vendors, lessors, business partners, and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the breach of such agreements, services to be provided by us, or from data breaches or intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and certain officers and employees that will require us, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors, officers, or employees. No demands have been made upon us to provide indemnification under such agreements and there are no claims that we are aware of that could have a material effect on our condensed consolidated balance sheets, condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, or condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates, assumptions and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Different assumptions and judgments would change the estimates used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements, which, in turn, could change the results from those reported. We evaluate our estimates, assumptions, and judgments on an ongoing basis. 
 There have been no changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to those disclosed in our "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2024, except for the addition of the following revenue recognition policy for the business acquired in June 2024: 
 Software license revenue are generally sold as bundled arrangements that include the rights to a software license and maintenance. For these contracts, the transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on the basis of relative standalone selling price. Software license revenue consists of term licenses and is recognized upfront, upon making the software available to the customer. The associated software maintenance revenue is 
 42 

generally recognized ratably over the contract term as support and updates are provided to the customers over the term of the arrangement. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to certain market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. The majority of our sales are derived in U.S. dollars. Our operating expenses incurred by our foreign subsidiaries are denominated in their respective local currencies, and remeasured at the exchange rates in effect on the transaction date. Additionally, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may result in the recognition of transaction gains and losses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Our condensed consolidated results of operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, particularly changes in the Indian Rupee, British Pound and euro, and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign exchange rates. Based on a sensitivity analysis we have performed as of September 30, 2024, an adverse 10 foreign currency exchange rate change applied to total monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar would not have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 To reduce the risk that our earnings and cash flows will be adversely affected by changes in exchange rates, we entered into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge a portion of our forecasted foreign currency expenses denominated in Indian Rupee. Gains or losses on these contracts are generally recognized in income at the time the related transactions being hedged are recognized. As of September 30, 2024, the total notional amount of outstanding designated foreign currency forward contracts was 62.1 million. The fair value of derivative assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2024, and all related unrealized and realized gains and losses during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were not material. 
 We do not use foreign exchange contracts for speculative trading purposes and we may enter into other hedging transactions in the future if our exposure to foreign currency becomes more significant. We monitor our exposures in other currencies and assess the need to utilize financial instruments to hedge currency exposures on an ongoing basis. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities primarily consist of deposits held at financial institutions, highly liquid money market funds, and investments in U.S. treasury securities, U.S. government agency securities, and corporate bonds. We had cash and cash equivalents of 391.1 million and marketable securities of 663.9 million as of September 30, 2024. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. The carrying amount of our cash equivalents reasonably approximate fair value, due to the maturities of three months or less of these instruments. Our investments are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates, which may affect our interest income and the fair value of our investments. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of our expectations due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. However, because we classify our marketable securities as available for sale, no gains or losses are recognized due to changes in interest rates unless such securities are sold prior to maturity or declines in fair value are determined to be other-than-temporary. 
 43 

Based on an interest rate sensitivity analysis we have performed as of September 30, 2024, a hypothetical 100 basis points favorable or adverse movement in interest rates would not have a material effect in the combined market value of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Based on our management s evaluation (with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Consistent with SEC guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from management s evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures in the year of acquisition, our management excluded from such evaluation an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting related to Device42. Device42, which we acquired on June 6, 2024, represented less than 2 of our consolidated total assets as of September 30, 2024 and less than 3 of our consolidated revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 The Company is in the process of reviewing the internal control structure of Device42 and, if necessary, will make appropriate changes as it continues to integrate Device42 into the Company s overall internal control over financial reporting process. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. 
 44 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information required to be set forth under this Item 1 is incorporated by reference to Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies Litigation and Loss Contingencies in the notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described under the section Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 16, 2024 as well as the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations before making an investment decision. These identified risks and uncertainties may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material may also become important factors that affect our business. There have been no material changes from the risks and uncertainties previously disclosed under the Risk Factors section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On November 5, 2024, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program for the repurchase of up to 400 million of our outstanding Class A common stock. Under the repurchase program, we may repurchase shares of our outstanding Class A common stock from time to time in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions and/or other means in compliance with the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. The timing, manner, price, and amount of any repurchases will be determined by the Company at its discretion, and will depend on a variety of factors, including business, economic and market conditions, prevailing stock prices, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other considerations. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 45 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan 
 or the contracts, instructions or written plans for the purchase or sale of the Company's securities, each of which is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act, as set forth in the table below. 
 Name Title Action Adoption Date Expiration Date Total number of shares of Class A common stock to be sold 
 
 Up to shares 
 
 Up to shares (3) 
 
 Up to shares 
 Up to shares (4) 
 
 (1) This 10b5-1 trading arrangement was adopted by The Potomac Trust, dated 9/21/2001, of which Mr. Gandhi is a co-trustee. 
 (2) Plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(ii)(D)(2) 
 (3) The actual number of shares that will be sold under the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan will be reduced by the number of shares sold in accordance with an existing plan after August 21, 2024, but prior to its expiration on December 15, 2024. 
 (4) The shares that may be sold under the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan include (i) up to 6,399 shares of our Class A Common Stock currently owned by Ms. Yamamoto and (ii) up to 133,842 shares of our Class A Common Stock that are subject to restricted stock unit awards previously granted to Ms. Yamamoto that may vest and be released to Ms. Yamamoto on or prior to December 31, 2025 upon the satisfaction of the applicable service-based vesting conditions. The actual number of shares that will be released to Ms. Yamamoto pursuant to the restricted stock unit awards and sold under the Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement will be net of the number of shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting of such shares and is not yet determinable. The actual number of shares that will be subject to the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan is not yet determinable. 

46 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 The documents listed in the Exhibit Index of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 8-K 001-40806 3.1 September 24, 2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 S-1/A 333-259118 3.4 September 13, 2021 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1# 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2# Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents 
 X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X 
 __________________ 
 
 # The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Freshworks Inc. Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Dennis Woodside 
 Dennis Woodside 
 Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Tyler Sloat Tyler Sloat Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Philippa Lawrence Philippa Lawrence Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311q32410-q.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Dennis M. Woodside, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Freshworks Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s Dennis M. Woodside 
 Dennis M. Woodside 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312q32410-q.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Tyler Sloat, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Freshworks Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s Tyler Sloat Tyler Sloat 
 Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321q32410-q.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Freshworks Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, to which this Certificate is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Report ), I, Dennis M. Woodside, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, do hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge and pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 In Witness Whereof , the undersigned has set his hands hereto as of the date set forth below. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s Dennis M. Woodside 
 Dennis M. Woodside 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex322q32410-q.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Freshworks Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, to which this Certificate is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the Report ), I, Tyler Sloat, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge and pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 In Witness Whereof , the undersigned has set his hands hereto as of the date set forth below. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s Tyler Sloat Tyler Sloat 
 Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 frsh-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 frsh-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 frsh-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 frsh-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 frsh-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

