<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1957845_0001957845-24-000074.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7791668</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>137271</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1142256</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3253438</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1501003</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1594627</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001957845-24-000074.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113201820
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001957845-24-000074
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KKR Private Equity Conglomerate LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001957845
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56540
		FILM NUMBER:		241456467

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 HUDSON YARDS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-750-8300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 HUDSON YARDS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001957845-24-000074.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 kkr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

kkr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None. None. None. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 
 As of November 6, 2024 , the registrant had Class I Shares, Class U Shares, Class R-D Shares, Class R-I Shares, Class R-U Shares, Class F Shares, Class G Shares and Class H Shares outstanding. The number of Shares outstanding excludes November 1, 2024 subscriptions since the issuance price is not yet finalized as of the date of this filing. 

Table of Contents 
 Page Part I - Financial Information 
 1 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 11 
 Item 2. M anagement s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 50 
 Part II - Other Information 
 51 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 51 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 51 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 52 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 53 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 53 
 Item 5. Other Information 53 
 Item 6. Exhibits 54 
 Signatures 55 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Some of the statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), because they relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may include statements as to: 
 
 our future operating results; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of the portfolio companies we own and control; 
 the impact of the acquisitions that we expect to make; 
 our ability to raise sufficient capital to execute our acquisition strategies; 
 the ability of the Manager (as defined herein) to source adequate acquisition opportunities to efficiently deploy capital; 
 the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 
 our current and expected financing arrangements; 
 changes in the general interest rate environment; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital; 
 the timing and amount of cash flows, distributions and dividends, if any, from our portfolio companies; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with the Manager or any of its affiliates; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we own and control portfolio companies; 
 our use of financial leverage; 
 the ability of the Manager to identify, acquire and support our portfolio companies; 
 the ability of the Manager or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 our ability to structure acquisitions and joint ventures in a tax-efficient manner and the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; and 
 the tax status of the enterprises through which we own and control portfolio companies. 
 
 In addition, words such as anticipate, believe, expect and intend indicate a forward-looking statement, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: 
 
 changes in the economy; 
 risks associated with possible disruption in our operations or the economy generally due to terrorism, natural disasters, epidemics or other events having a broad impact on the economy; and 
 future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in our operating areas. 
 
 Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These forward-looking statements apply only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Moreover, we assume no duty and do not undertake to update the forward-looking statements, except as required by law. 

Part I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 KKR PRIVATE EQUITY CONGLOMERATE LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (UNAUDITED) 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 
 September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 Assets Investments at fair value (cost of and , respectively) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Prepaids and other assets Dividends receivable Unrealized appreciation on foreign currency forward contracts Deferred offering costs Due from Manager Total assets Liabilities Line of Credit Accrued performance participation allocation Accrued shareholder servicing fees and distribution fees Directors fees and expenses payable Other accrued expenses and liabilities Unrealized depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts Due to Manager Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) Net assets are comprised of Class I Shares, and shares authorized, issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Class U Shares, and shares authorized, issued and outstanding, 
 Class R-D Shares, and shares authorized, issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Class R-I Shares, and shares authorized, issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Class R-U Shares, and shares authorized, issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Class F Shares, and shares authorized, issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Class G Shares, and shares authorized, issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Class H Shares, and shares authorized, issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Net assets 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

KKR PRIVATE EQUITY CONGLOMERATE LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Investment income Dividend income Total investment income Operating expenses Performance participation allocation Management fee expense General and administration expenses Deferred offering costs amortization Directors fees and expenses Interest expense Organization costs Total operating expenses Less: Management fee and expense credits ) ) Less: Expenses reimbursed by Manager ) ) ) Add: Expenses recouped by Manager Less: Interest expense waived by Lender ) Net operating expenses Net investment loss ) ) ) ) Net realized (loss) gain on investments, foreign currency and foreign currency forward contracts Net realized (loss) gain on: Foreign currency forward contracts ) ) Investments Foreign currency Total net realized (loss) ) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, foreign currency translation and foreign currency forward contracts Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) before income taxes on: Investments Foreign currency translation ) ) Foreign currency forward contracts ) Total net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) before income taxes Provision for income taxes Total net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) after income taxes Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

KKR PRIVATE EQUITY CONGLOMERATE LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS (UNAUDITED) 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 Class I Shares Class U Shares Class R-D Shares Class R-I Shares Class R-U Shares Class F Shares Class G Shares Class H Shares Total Shareholders' Equity (Net Assets) Balance at June 30, 2024 Consideration from the issuance of shares Repurchase of shares ) ) Early repurchase fee Transfers in Transfers out ) ) ) Accrued shareholder servicing fees and distribution fees ) ) ) ) Net investment (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net realized (loss) ) ) ) ) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 
 Consideration from the issuance of shares Repurchase of shares ) ) ) Early repurchase fee Transfers in Transfers out ) ) ) ) Accrued shareholder servicing fees and distribution fees ) ) ) ) Net investment (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net realized (loss) gain ) ) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation Balance at September 30, 2024 

3 

KKR PRIVATE EQUITY CONGLOMERATE LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 
 Continued 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 Class I Shares Class R-I Shares Class R-U Shares Class E Shares Class G Shares Class H Shares Total Shareholders' Equity (Net Assets) Balance at December 31, 2022 Consideration from the issuance of shares Repurchase of shares ) ) Early repurchase fee Transfers in Transfers out Accrued shareholder servicing fees and distribution fees ) ) Net investment loss ) ) ) Net realized gain Net change in unrealized appreciation Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

KKR PRIVATE EQUITY CONGLOMERATE LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net increase in net assets from operations Adjustments to reconcile net increase in net assets from operations to net cash used in operating activities: Net change in unrealized appreciation on investments ) ) Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on foreign currency translation ) Net change in unrealized appreciation on foreign currency forward contracts ) ) Realized gain on investments ) Deferred offering costs amortization Class F Shares issued as payment of directors fees and expenses Class F Shares issued as payment of performance participation allocation Acquisition of portfolio companies ) Proceeds from sales of and repayments from interests in portfolio companies Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase in prepaids and other assets ) ) Increase in deferred offering costs ) Increase in accrued performance participation allocation Decrease (increase) in due from Manager ) Increase in dividends receivable ) ) Increase in other accrued expenses and liabilities Increase in directors fees and expenses payable Increase in management fee payable Increase in organization costs payable Increase in offering costs payable (Decrease) increase in due to Manager ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of shares Repayment on Line of Credit ) Payment of offering costs ) Payments of shareholder servicing fees and distribution fees ) Repurchase of shares ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 
 5 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Financing Activities Shares issued in exchange for interests in portfolio companies Change in shareholder servicing fees and distribution fees payable 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

KKR PRIVATE EQUITY CONGLOMERATE LLC 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (UNAUDITED) 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 
 Issuer Asset Industry Geography (1) 
 Valuation Level Currency Settlement Date Notional Estimated Fair Value Estimated Fair Value as a Percentage of Net Assets Portfolio Companies Health Care - 
 Cotiviti Holdings, Inc. Equity interest held through KKR Compass Aggregator L.P. Health Care Americas Level III USD N/A N/A Other investments in portfolio companies (2) 
 Health Care (3) Level III Various N/A N/A Information Technology - 
 Omnissa Equity interest held through KKR Modena Aggregator L.P. Information Technology Americas Level III USD N/A N/A BMC Software Finance Inc. Equity interest held through KKR Banff Aggregator L.P. Information Technology Americas Level III USD N/A N/A Other investments in portfolio companies (2) 
 Information Technology (4) Level III Various N/A N/A Industrials - 
 Other investments in portfolio companies (2) 
 Industrials (5) Level III Various N/A N/A Consumer Discretionary - 
 Other investments in portfolio companies (2) 
 Consumer Discretionary (6) Level III Various N/A N/A Financials - 
 USI Insurance Services LLC Equity interest held through Uno Aggregator L.P. Financials Americas Level III USD N/A N/A Other investment in portfolio companies (2) 
 Financials (7) Level III Various N/A N/A Communication Services - 
 Other investments in portfolio companies (2) 
 Communication Services (8) Level III Various N/A N/A Materials - 
 Other investment in portfolio company Materials Americas Level III USD N/A N/A Consumer Staples - 
 Other investment in portfolio company Consumer Staples EMEA Level III USD N/A N/A Total Portfolio Companies (cost of 
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Goldman Sachs Sell EUR/USD N/A N/A Level II EUR October 7, 2025 ) 
 7 

Goldman Sachs Sell AUD/USD N/A N/A Level II AUD October 7, 2025 ) Barclays Bank PLC Sell EUR/USD N/A N/A Level II EUR October 7, 2025 ) Barclays Bank PLC Sell CNH/USD N/A N/A Level II CNH October 9, 2025 ) Nomura International plc Sell JPY/USD N/A N/A Level II JPY October 7, 2025 ) Nomura International plc Sell AUD/USD N/A N/A Level II AUD October 7, 2025 ) Nomura International plc Sell EUR/USD N/A N/A Level II EUR October 7, 2025 Total Foreign Currency Forward Contracts ) Investments in Money Market Funds Morgan Stanley Institutional Liquidity Funds Government Portfolio N/A N/A Level I USD N/A N/A Total Investments in Money Market Funds (cost of 
 Total Investments and Cash Equivalents (cost of 
 
 (1) , and , respectively, as of September 30, 2024. The cost basis of portfolio companies in Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific were , and , respectively. The fair value of portfolio companies in Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific were , and , respectively. 
 (2) 
 (3) of fair value shown is domiciled in Americas, in EMEA and in Asia Pacific. 
 (4) of fair value shown is domiciled in Americas and in Asia Pacific. 
 (5) of fair value shown is domiciled in Americas and in EMEA. 
 (6) of fair value shown is domiciled in Americas, in EMEA and in Asia Pacific. 
 (7) of fair value shown is domiciled in EMEA and in Americas. 
 (8) of fair value shown is domiciled in Americas and in EMEA. 

8 

KKR PRIVATE EQUITY CONGLOMERATE LLC 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2023 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 
 Issuer Asset Industry Geography Valuation Level Currency Settlement Date Notional Estimated Fair Value Estimated Fair Value as a Percentage of Net Assets Portfolio Companies Industrials - 
 CIRCOR International, Inc. Equity interest held through KKR Cube Aggregator L.P. Industrials Americas Level III USD N/A N/A Potter Electrical Signal Company, LLC Equity interest held through KKR Phoenix 1 Aggregator L.P. Industrials Americas Level III USD N/A N/A Other investments in portfolio companies (1) 
 Industrials Americas Level III USD N/A N/A Health Care - 
 PetVet Care Centers, LLC Equity interest held through KKR Romulus Aggregator L.P. Health Care Americas Level III USD N/A N/A IVI Rma Global SL Equity interest held through KKR Inception Aggregator L.P. Health Care EMEA Level III EUR N/A N/A Other investment in portfolio company Health Care EMEA Level III USD N/A N/A Other investment in portfolio company Health Care Americas Level III USD N/A N/A Financials - 
 USI Insurance Services LLC Equity interest held through Uno Aggregator L.P. Financials Americas Level III USD N/A N/A April SAS Equity interest held through KKR Athena Aggregator L.P. Financials EMEA Level III EUR N/A N/A Consumer Discretionary - 
 Groundworks, LLC Equity interest held through KKR Proof Aggregator A L.P. and KKR Proof Aggregator B L.P. Consumer Discretionary Americas Level III USD N/A N/A Materials - 
 Other investment in portfolio company Materials Americas Level III USD N/A N/A Communication Services - 
 Other investment in portfolio company Communication Services Americas Level III USD N/A N/A Information Technology - 
 Other investment in portfolio company Information Technology Americas Level III USD N/A N/A Total Portfolio Companies (cost of 
 
 9 

Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Goldman Sachs Sell EUR/USD N/A N/A Level II EUR June 28, 2024 ) ) Barclays Bank PLC Sell EUR/USD N/A N/A Level II EUR June 28, 2024 Nomura International plc Sell EUR/USD N/A N/A Level II EUR June 28, 2024 ) Total Foreign Currency Forward Contracts ) ) Investments in Money Market Funds Morgan Stanley Institutional Liquidity Funds Government Portfolio N/A N/A Level I USD N/A N/A Total Investments in Money Market Funds (cost of 
 Total Investments and Cash Equivalents (cost of 
 
 (1) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

KKR PRIVATE EQUITY CONGLOMERATE LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 (All Amounts in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 
 
 1. 

2. 
 
 11 

3. 
 Expenses Loss before taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax expense Consolidated net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests Net loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 The net loss above represents the aggregated net loss attributable to the controlling interests in each of the Company s portfolio companies and does not represent the Company s proportionate share of loss. 
 
 Acquisition of Interest in Portfolio Company through Secondary Transaction 
 
 and recorded unrealized appreciation of in connection with the investment acquired. 
 12 

4. 
 Unrealized depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts ) ) Unrealized appreciation on foreign currency forward contracts Investments in Money Market Funds Total ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Investments Level I Level II Level III Fair Value Portfolio companies Unrealized depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts ) ) Unrealized appreciation on foreign currency forward contracts Investments in Money Market Funds Total ) 
 
 ) 
 
 The total change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations within net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 attributable to Level III investments and foreign currency translation still held at September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. 

13 

Inputs to market comparables, discounted cash flow and transaction price/other Illiquidity Discount - 
 Decrease Weight Ascribed to Market Comparables - 
 (4) Weight Ascribed to Discounted Cash Flow - 
 (5) Weight Ascribed to Transaction Price/Other - 
 (6) Market Comparables Enterprise Value / Forward EBITDA Multiple x 
 x - x 
 Increase Enterprise Value / Forward Revenues Multiple x 
 x - x 
 Increase Discounted Cash Flow Weighted Average Cost of Capital - 
 Decrease Enterprise Value / LTM EBITDA Exit Multiple x 
 x - x 
 Increase 
 
 Level III Assets Fair Value December 31, 2023 Valuation Methodology and Inputs Unobservable Input(s) (1) 
 Weighted Average (2) 
 Range Impact to Valuation from an Increase in Input (3) 
 Portfolio companies Inputs to market comparables, discounted cash flow and transaction price/other Illiquidity Discount 
 - 
 Decrease Weight Ascribed to Market Comparables - 
 (4) Weight Ascribed to Discounted Cash Flow - 
 (5) Weight Ascribed to Transaction Price/Other - 
 (6) Market Comparables Enterprise Value / Forward EBITDA Multiple x 
 x - x 
 Increase Discounted Cash Flow Weighted Average Cost of Capital - 
 Decrease Enterprise Value / LTM EBITDA Exit Multiple x 
 x - x 
 Increase 
 14 

15 

5. 
 per annum of the month-end Net Asset Value NAV attributable to Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class U Shares and Class I Shares and (ii) per annum of the month-end NAV for a -month period following August 1, 2023 (the Initial Offering attributable to Class R-S Shares, Class R-D Shares, Class R-U Shares and Class R-I Shares (provided that for Class R-S Shares, Class R-U Shares and Class R-I Shares, such shares are purchased by an investor as part of an intermediary s direct or indirect aggregate subscription for at least in Shares and shares of any class of KKR Private Markets Equity Fund SICAV SA, a multi-compartment Luxembourg investment company with variable capital, and KKR Private Markets Equity Fund (Master) FCP, a Luxembourg mutual fund (together, with any parallel vehicles formed to invest alongside the aforementioned entities and that are direct or indirect parent companies of K-PRIME Aggregator L.P., K-PRIME during the -month period following the Initial Offering) and per annum of the month-end NAV attributable to Class R-S Shares, Class R-D Shares, Class R-U Shares and Class R-I Shares after the -month period following the Initial Offering, each before giving effect to accruals for the Management Fee, the Distribution Fee (as defined herein), the Servicing Fee (as defined herein), the Performance Participation Allocation (as defined herein), share repurchases for that month, any distributions and without taking into account any taxes (whether paid, payable, accrued or otherwise) of any intermediate entity through which the Company indirectly acquires and holds a portfolio company, as determined in the good faith judgment of the Manager. Such Management Fee is calculated based on the Company s transactional net asset value Transactional Net Asset Value ), which is used to determine the price at which the Company sells and repurchases its Shares. 
 
 KKR or its affiliates (and in the case of directors fees, KKR executives) are expected to be paid transaction fees and monitoring fees in connection with the acquisition, ownership, control and exit of portfolio companies, and KKR or its affiliates are expected to be entitled to receive break-up or similar fees in connection with unconsummated transactions Other Fees ). The Management Fee payable in any monthly period is subject to reduction, but not below zero, by an amount equal to any Other Fees allocable to Investor Shares pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement. The Manager, in its sole discretion, may forgo reimbursement by the Company of certain expenses incurred by the Manager or its affiliates (other than the Company and its subsidiaries) on behalf of the Company in each calendar month to the extent there remains any Other Fees that are not used to offset the Management Fee. Any Other Fees used to offset such expenses will not be applied again to offset future Management Fees. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Manager earned and in gross Management Fees, respectively. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Manager earned in Management Fees. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company offset Management fees and certain operating expenses of and , respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were unapplied credits of and , respectively, to be carried forward that relate to Other Fees earned. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not owe a net Management Fee to the Manager. Pursuant to the Management Agreement, such amounts earned may be offset by the Manager against amounts due to the Company from the Manager. 
 
 Performance Participation Allocation 
 
 Under the limited liability company agreement of the Company (as amended, the LLC Agreement ), for as long as the Management Agreement has not been terminated, the Class H Member (as defined in the LLC Agreement) may receive a Performance Participation Allocation from the Company. 
 KKR is allocated a Performance Participation Allocation equal to of the Total Return attributable to Investor Shares subject to a annual Hurdle Amount and a High Water Mark, with a Catch-Up (each as defined in the 
 16 

of such Excess Profits until the total amount allocated to KKR equals of the sum of (x) the Hurdle Amount for that period and (y) any amount allocated to KKR pursuant to this clause (any such amount, the Catch-Up and 
 Second, to the extent there are remaining Excess Profits, of such remaining Excess Profits. 
 
 KKR will also be allocated a Performance Participation Allocation with respect to all Investor Shares that are repurchased in connection with repurchases of Shares in an amount calculated as described above with the relevant period being the portion of the Reference Period (which is the applicable year beginning on October 1 and ending on September 30 of the next succeeding year, with the initial Reference Period being the period from August 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024) for which such Shares were outstanding, and proceeds for any such Share repurchases will be reduced by the amount of any such Performance Participation Allocation. Such Performance Participation Allocation is calculated based on the Transactional Net Asset Value. 
 
 If the Performance Participation Allocation is paid in Class F Shares, such Shares may be repurchased at KKR s request and are subject to the repurchase limitations of our share repurchase plan. 
 
 A Performance Participation Allocation accrual of and was recorded as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a Performance Participation Allocation of and , respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a Performance Participation Allocation of in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued and Class F Shares to the Class H Member totaling and , respectively, with respect to the Performance Participation Allocation resulting from repurchases of Investor Shares by the Company during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Dealer-Manager Agreement 
 
 On July 27, 2023, the Company entered into a Dealer-Manager Agreement (as amended from time to time, the Dealer-Manager Agreement with KKR Capital Markets LLC (the Dealer Manager ). 
 
 Pursuant to the Dealer-Manager Agreement, the Dealer Manager solicits sales of the Company s Shares authorized for issue in accordance with the Company s confidential Private Placement Memorandum (the PPM and provides certain administrative and shareholder services to the Company, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Dealer-Manager Agreement. The Dealer Manager receives certain front-end sales charges, Distribution Fees, Servicing Fees and certain other fees as described in the PPM. 
 
 Distribution Fees and Servicing Fees 
 
 The Company will pay KKR Capital Markets LLC ongoing distribution and servicing fees (a) of of NAV per annum for Class S Shares, Class U Shares, Class R-S Shares and Class R-U Shares only (consisting of a distribution fee (the Distribution Fee and a shareholder servicing fee (the Servicing Fee )), accrued and payable monthly and (b) of for Class D Shares and Class R-D Shares only (all of which constitutes payment for shareholder services, with no payment for distribution services) in each case as accrued, and payable mo nthly. Such Distribution Fee and Servicing Fee are calculated based on the Transactional Net Asset Value. of the Class I Shares, Class R-I Shares, Class E Shares, Class F Shares, Class G Shares or Class H Shares incur the Distribution Fee or the Servicing Fee. The Dealer Manager (defined below) generally expects to reallow the Distribution Fee and the Servicing Fee to participating broker dealers or other intermediaries. The Company may also pay for certain sub-transfer agency, platform, sub-accounting and administrative services outside of the Distribution Fee and the Servicing Fee. 
 
 17 

and , respectively, of Servicing Fees and Distribution Fees payable to the Dealer Manager (as defined below) related to Class R-U Shares, Class R-D Shares and Class U Shares sold. 
 Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement 
 
 On December 6, 2022, the Company entered into an Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement, which was further amended on May 10, 2024 (the Expense Limitation Agreement ), with the Manager. Pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement, the Manager will forgo an amount of its monthly management fee and/or pay, absorb or reimburse certain expenses of the Company, to the extent necessary so that, for any fiscal year, the Company s annual Specified Expenses (as defined below) do not exceed of the Company s net assets as of the end of each calendar month. Specified Expenses is defined to include all expenses incurred in the business of the Company, including organizational and offering costs, with the exception of (i) the management fee, (ii) the Performance Participation Allocation, (iii) the Servicing Fee, (iv) the Distribution Fee, (v) portfolio company level expenses, (vi) brokerage costs or other investment-related out-of-pocket expenses, including with respect to unconsummated transactions, (vii) dividend/interest payments (including any dividend payments, interest expenses, commitment fees, or other expenses related to any leverage incurred by the Company), (viii) taxes, (ix) ordinary corporate operating expenses (including costs and expenses related to hiring, retaining, and compensating employees and officers of the Company), (x) certain insurance costs and (xi) extraordinary expenses (as determined in the sole discretion of the Manager). 
 
 The Expense Limitation Agreement remains in effect through and including June 30, 2025, but may be renewed by the mutual agreement of the Manager and the Company for successive terms. Under the Expense Limitation Agreement, the Company has agreed to carry forward the amount of the foregone management fees and/or expenses paid, absorbed or reimbursed by the Manager for a period not to exceed from the end of the month in which the Manager waived or reimbursed such fees or expenses and to reimburse the Manager for such fees or expenses in accordance with the Expense Limitation Agreement. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Manager agreed to reimburse expenses of incurred by the Company pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Manager agreed to reimburse expenses of and incurred by the Company, pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement. The amounts are subject to recoupment within a period. such expenses were agreed to be reimbursed by the Manager pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Manager recouped expenses of incurred by the Company, pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement. such expenses were recouped during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company recorded as Due from Manager related to amounts waived under the Expense Limitation Agreement to date. such amounts were Due from Manager as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded and , respectively, as Due to Manager related to amounts paid by the Manager on behalf of the Company. 
 
 December 31, 2025 March 31, 2023 March 31, 2026 June 30, 2023 June 30, 2026 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2026 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2026 March 31, 2024 March 31, 2027 June 30, 2024 June 30, 2027 Total 
 18 

in exchange for the contribution to the Company of ownership interests in portfolio companies. such shares were issued during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased interests in portfolio companies from an investment vehicle that is managed by an affiliate of the Manager for and recorded unrealized appreciation of in connection with the investments acquired. 
 
 Class H Shares Issuance 
 
 On July 27, 2023, the Company issued to K-PRIME GP LLC, an indirect subsidiary of KKR, a total of Class H Shares of the Company at per Class H Share for aggregate consideration of . 
 Line of Credit 
 
 On December 20, 2023, certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, as may be added and removed from time to time (the Borrowers ), entered into an unsecured, uncommitted line of credit, which was further amended on March 21, 2024 (the Line of Credit to provide for up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of with KKR Alternative Assets LLC (the Lender ), an affiliate of the Company. 
 
 Each loan under the Line of Credit will (i) be subject to an interest rate per annum as set forth in the applicable loan request up to the then-current rate offered by a third party lender or, if no such rate is available, up to Secured Overnight Financing Rate applicable to such loan plus and (ii) in the event that the interest rate is such loan will have a maximum maturity of days following the borrowing of such loan (unless otherwise consented to by the Lender in its sole discretion). The Line of Credit was initially set to expire on December 20, 2024, subject to extension options requiring the Lender s approval. On November 11, 2024, the Lender agreed to extend the Line of Credit an additional through June 20, 2025, subject to additional extension options requiring the Lender s approval. Each advance under the Line of Credit is repayable on the earlier of the (i) th day following the earlier of (x) the Lender s demand and (y) the expiration of the line of credit and (ii) if specified, the scheduled date of repayment for each such loan as set forth in the relevant loan request (the Scheduled Repayment Date ), which date shall in no case be later than days following the borrowing of such loan (unless the Lender, in its sole discretion, consents to a Scheduled Repayment Date that is later than days following the borrowing of such loan). To the extent the Company has not repaid all loans and other obligations under the Line of Credit after a repayment event has occurred, the Company is obligated to apply excess available cash proceeds to the repayment of such loans and other obligations; provided that the Borrowers will be permitted to (w) make payments to fulfill any repurchase requests pursuant to the Company s share repurchase plan or any excess tender offer on the terms described in the Company s private placement memorandum, (x) use funds to close any acquisition of a portfolio company which the Company committed to prior to receiving a demand notice, (y) make elective distributions of an amount not to exceed amounts paid in the immediately preceding fiscal quarter and (z) pay any taxes when due. The Line of Credit also permits voluntary prepayment of principal and accrued interest without any penalty other than customary breakage costs subject to the Lender s discretion. Each Borrower may withdraw from the Line of Credit at the time all such obligations held by such Borrower to the Lender under the Line of Credit have been repaid to the Lender in full. The Line of Credit contains customary events of default. As is customary in such financings, if an event of default occurs under the Line of Credit, the Lender may accelerate the repayment of amounts outstanding under the Line of Credit and exercise other remedies subject, in certain instances, to the expiration of an applicable cure period. 
 
 The Lender and its assignees shall not have any recourse to any entities with interests in the Borrowers such as a general partner or investor, including the Company, or any of their respective assets for any indebtedness or other monetary obligation incurred under the Line of Credit. 
 
 19 

, all of which was subsequently repaid on January 4, 2024. balance was outstanding on the Line of Credit as of September 30, 2024. For the period from January 1, 2024 to January 4, 2024, the Company incurred interest expense of , which was waived by the Lender. 
 20 

6. 
 
 Class U Shares Class R-D Shares ) Class R-I Shares Class R-U Shares ) ) Class F Shares Class G Shares Class H Shares Total ) ) 

The following table is a summary of share activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and shares outstanding as of that date: 
 
 Shares 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Shares Issued During the Period Shares Repurchased During the Period Transfers In During the Period Transfers Out During the Period Shares 
 Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Class I Shares ) Class U Shares Class R-D Shares ) Class R-I Shares ) Class R-U Shares ) ) Class F Shares Class G Shares Class H Shares Total ) ) 
 
 21 

Class R-I Shares Class R-U Shares Class E Shares ) Class G Shares Class H Shares Total ) 
 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 
 The Company adopted a Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the DRIP in which cash distributions to holders of our Shares will automatically be reinvested in additional whole and fractional Shares attributable to the class of Shares that a Shareholder owns unless such holders elect to receive distributions in cash. Shareholders may terminate their participation in the DRIP with prior written notice to us. Under the DRIP, Shareholders distributions are reinvested in Shares of the same class owned by the Shareholder for a purchase price equal to the most recently available Transactional Net Asset Value per Share. Shareholders will not pay a sales load when purchasing Shares under our DRIP; however, Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class R-S Shares, Class R-D Shares and Class R-U Shares, including those purchased under our DRIP, will be subject to applicable ongoing distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has not issued any Shares under the DRIP. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 The Company offers a share repurchase plan pursuant to which, on a quarterly basis, Shareholders may request that we repurchase all or any portion of their Shares. The Company may repurchase fewer Shares than have been requested in any particular quarter to be repurchased under our share repurchase plan, or none at all, in our discretion at any time. In addition, the aggregate NAV of total repurchases of Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares, Class R-S Shares, Class R-D Shares, Class R-U Shares, Class R-I Shares or Class F Shares under our share repurchase plan will be limited to no more than of our aggregate NAV attributable to such classes of Shares per calendar quarter (measured using the average aggregate NAV attributable to Shareholders as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter). 
 
 22 

Early Repurchase Fee 
 Net Consideration Shares repurchased on May 6, 2024: Class R-I Shares Class R-U Shares Shares repurchased on August 5, 2024: Class R-U Shares Total 
 Repurchase Arrangement for Class E Shares held by KKR 
 
 On August 31, 2023, pursuant to the Company's KKR Share Repurchase Arrangement, effective July 27, 2023 (the KKR Share Repurchase Arrangement ), the Company repurchased the outstanding Class E Shares of the Company from KKR Alternative Assets LLC for an aggregate purchase price of . As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Class E Shares were outstanding. 
 
 shares were repurchased by the Company, pursuant to the KKR Share Repurchase Arrangement, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 23 

7. 
 
 8. 
 and of unfunded commitments in portfolio companies as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Indemnification 
 Under the LLC Agreement and organizational documents, the members of the Board, officers of the Company, the Manager, KKR, and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, representatives, agents and employees are indemnified against certain liabilities arising out of the performance of their duties to the Company. In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts that contain a variety of representations and that provide general indemnifications. The Company s maximum liability exposure under these arrangements is unknown, as future claims that have not yet occurred may be made against the Company. 
 24 

9. 
 
 Consideration from the issuance of shares, net Repurchase of shares Early repurchase fee Transfers in Transfers out ) Accrued shareholder servicing fees and distribution fees (2) 
 ) ) ) Net investment (loss) income (2) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Net realized gain (loss) and change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (2) 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets attributed to shareholders ) Net asset value per share at the end of period (September 30, 2024) 
 Net assets at end of period (September 30, 2024) 
 Shares outstanding at end of period (September 30, 2024) 
 Weighted average shares outstanding at end of period (September 30, 2024) 
 Ratio/Supplemental data for Shares (not annualized): Ratios to net asset value (3) : 
 Operating expenses before Performance Participation Allocation (4)(6) 
 Operating expenses before expenses reimbursed and/or recouped by Manager (4) (5) 
 Operating expenses after expenses reimbursed and/or recouped by Manager (4) (5) 
 Operating expenses after Performance Participation Allocation (4) (6) 
 Net investment (loss) income (4) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Total GAAP return attributed to Shares based on net asset value (7) 
 ) 
 
 25 

Consideration from the issuance of shares, net Repurchase of shares Accrued shareholder servicing fees and distribution fees (2) 
 ) Net investment loss (2) 
 ) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (2) 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets attributed to shareholders ) Net asset value per share at the end of period (September 30, 2023) 
 Net assets at end of period (September 30, 2023) 
 Shares outstanding at end of period (September 30, 2023) 
 Weighted average shares outstanding at end of period (September 30, 2023) 
 Ratio/Supplemental data for Shares (not annualized): Ratios to net asset value (3) : 
 Operating expenses before Performance Participation Allocation (4) 
 Operating expenses before expenses reimbursed by Manager (4) (5) 
 Operating expenses after expenses reimbursed by Manager (4) (5) 
 Operating expenses after Performance Participation Allocation (4) (6) 
 Net investment (loss) income (4) 
 ) ) ) Total GAAP return attributed to Shares based on net asset value (7) 
 ) 
 
 (1) Per share data may be rounded in order to recompute the ending net asset value per share. 
 (2) The per share data was derived by using the weighted average shares outstanding during the applicable period. 
 (3) Actual results may not be indicative of future results. Additionally, an individual Shareholder s ratios may vary from the ratios presented for a share class as a whole. 
 (4) Weighted average net assets during the applicable period are used for this calculation. 
 (5) Ratios presented after accounting for the accrual of the Performance Participation Allocation. 
 26 

27 

10. 

and , respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the effective tax rates were and , respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the primary items giving rise to the difference between the federal statutory rate applicable to partnerships and the effective tax rate is due to U.S. federal, state and local taxes on income from the Company s subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal, state or local purposes. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the effective tax rates did not differ from the federal statutory rate applicable to partnerships as the Company did not have any income from subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal, state or local purposes. 
 28 

11. 
 Class R-D Shares Class R-I Shares Class R-U Shares 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 Early Repurchase Fee 
 Net Consideration Class R-U Shares Class R-I Shares 
 
 Amended and Restated Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 
 On November 12, 2024, the Company adopted an Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the A R DRIP ), effective November 12, 2024, pursuant to which cash distributions to holders of the Shares will automatically be reinvested in whole and fractional Shares attributed to the class of Shares that a shareholder owns unless such holders elect to receive such distribution in cash. Pursuant to the A R DRIP, if a shareholder requests that the Company repurchase all of the shareholder s Shares pursuant to the Company's share repurchase plan (as amended from time to time, the SRP ), such shareholder s participation in the A R DRIP shall be deemed terminated effective upon the Company s receipt of such request, regardless of whether or not the Company accepts all such Shares for repurchase pursuant to the SRP, provided, that, if such shareholder subsequently withdraws its request prior to the applicable deadline therefor under the SRP, such shareholder may participate in the A R DRIP by notifying the Company and the plan administrator of the A R DRIP at least three (3) days prior to the record date of a distribution from the Company. 
 
 Performance Participation Allocation 
 
 Class F Shares to KKR in satisfaction of the Performance Participation Allocation liability of million due to KKR as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 29 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition to historical data, this discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business, operations and financial performance based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those in this discussion as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 All dollar amounts in Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are in thousands, unless otherwise noted. 
 
 Overview 
 KKR Private Equity Conglomerate LLC (together with its subsidiaries, the Company, we, us, or our was formed on December 6, 2022 as a limited liability company under the laws of the state of Delaware and we operate our business in a manner permitting us to be excluded from the definition of investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). We are a holding company that seeks to acquire, own and control portfolio companies with the objective of generating attractive risk-adjusted returns and achieving medium-to-long-term capital appreciation through joint ventures Joint Ventures ). The Company commenced principal operations on August 1, 2023. 
 We have been established by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. L.P. (together with its subsidiaries, KKR as the flagship conglomerate to own and control and manage Joint Ventures that, directly or indirectly, own majority stakes in portfolio companies, and to a lesser extent, Joint Ventures that own influential yet non-majority stakes in portfolio companies. Our Joint Ventures focus on acquiring geographically diversified portfolio companies that operate principally in the following business lines: Business Financial Services; Consumer Retail; Healthcare; Impact; Industrials; and Technology, Media Telecommunications. We intend to own and control portfolio companies in the geographies where KKR is active, including North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. Over time, we expect to acquire portfolio companies that generate attractive risk-adjusted returns, using proceeds raised from the continuous offering of our securities, distributions from portfolio companies, and opportunistically recycling capital generated from dispositions of portfolio companies. 
 A key part of our strategy is to form Joint Ventures by pooling capital with KKR Vehicles that target acquisitions of portfolio companies that are compatible with our business strategy. We expect that we will own nearly all of our portfolio companies through Joint Ventures alongside one or more KKR Vehicles and that the Joint Ventures will be managed in a way that reflects the commonality of interests between the KKR Vehicles and the Company. The Company and the KKR Vehicles in a Joint Venture will both have a shared interest in maximizing value of the Joint Venture, and we believe that a joint acquisition and management strategy that pools the resources of the KKR Vehicles and the Company will lead to greater opportunities to gain sufficient influence or control over portfolio companies to deploy an operations-oriented management approach to value creation with the objective of achieving capital appreciation for all interest holders in the Joint Venture. We currently own, and expect to own in the future, all or substantially all of our Joint Venture interests and other interests in portfolio companies directly or indirectly through K-PEC Holdings LLC and any similar wholly-owned holding company formed in the future to acquire, own and control portfolio companies (the Operating Subsidiaries ). In turn, each Operating Subsidiary holds our interests in portfolio companies and Joint Ventures through one or more corporations, limited liability companies or limited partnerships. We expect that most of our Joint Ventures will own a majority of, and/or have primary control over, the underlying portfolio company. The Company and the applicable KKR Vehicle will hold the interests in each portfolio company as co-general partners of the relevant Joint Venture, but the relative economic interests in such Joint Venture will vary from acquisition to acquisition. In limited circumstances, we may also invest some portion of our capital into portfolio companies indirectly through vehicles we do not control. We may occasionally be a passive investor into a vehicle that holds an investment in a single portfolio company. We may also make investments into vehicles controlled by an external adviser where we do not have direct input into the underlying investments. 
 We expect that in the ordinary course, our acquisitions of portfolio companies, whether made through our Joint Ventures or, to a lesser extent, our other acquisition strategies, will make up approximately 80 of our assets. We expect that we will own and control the large majority by value of those Joint Ventures and that the large majority by value of such Joint Ventures will majority-own or primarily control their underlying portfolio companies. Additionally, we expect that up to 20 of our assets will consist of cash and cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. government agency securities, municipal securities, other sovereign debt, investment grade credit, and other investments including high yield credit, asset- 
 30 

backed securities, mortgage backed securities, collateralized loan obligations, leveraged loans and/or debt of companies or assets (which may include (i) securities or loans of KKR portfolio companies and/or (ii) funds invested in any of the foregoing managed by KKR or affiliates thereof) (collectively, the Liquidity Portfolio in each case in order to provide us with income, to facilitate capital deployment and to provide a potential source of liquidity. These types of liquid assets may exceed 20 of our assets at any given time due to new subscriptions, shareholder participation in our share repurchase program, distributions from, or dispositions of, portfolio companies or for other reasons as KKR DAV Manager LLC (our Manager determines. In addition to the target of 20 for our Liquidity Portfolio, we intend to abide by certain other guidelines on our overall portfolio construction. We will not acquire any cryptocurrency. Additionally, (a) no more than 5 of our assets will consist of interests in blind pools and (b) no more than 10 of our assets will consist of publicly traded equity securities (not including any portfolio company that becomes publicly traded during the term of our ownership or acquisitions in connection with take-private transactions). 
 We may also opportunistically acquire a limited amount of indirect exposure to multiple portfolio companies by acquiring interests in multi-asset vehicles controlled by an investment manager commingled funds ), which may include newly formed funds and continuation vehicles. The Company may invest into vehicles managed by an affiliate of KKR or it may invest into vehicles managed by third parties, primarily through secondary transactions with existing limited partners but also through direct subscription with the sponsor(s) of such vehicles. Our acquisition strategy may also include equity-like investments in preferred and/or structured equity securities as well as opportunistic credit and debt strategies. While none of these approaches are principal to the Company s business strategy, we believe that in certain circumstances, such investments may complement the Joint Venture strategy as a ready source of capital deployment at efficient prices and may otherwise help the Company achieve its objective of generating attractive risk-adjusted returns for shareholders Shareholders ). To the extent we pursue any of the foregoing approaches, we expect to do so in a manner consistent with maintaining our exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act. 
 The funds, investment vehicles and accounts managed, now or in the future, by KKR, the Manager or any of their respective affiliates (excluding for this purpose, KKR proprietary entities), including funds, investment vehicles and accounts pursuing the following strategies: private equity (including growth equity, impact, and core strategies), credit (including (i) leveraged credit strategies, including leveraged loan, high-yield bond, opportunistic credit and revolving credit strategies, and (ii) alternative credit strategies, including strategic investments and private credit strategies such as direct lending and private opportunistic credit (or junior mezzanine debt) acquisition strategies) and real asset strategies (including real estate, energy and infrastructure strategies) are collectively referred to herein as KKR Vehicles. 
 We conduct a continuous private offering of our investor shares on a monthly basis: Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares, Class R-S Shares, Class R-D Shares, Class R-U Shares and Class R-I Shares (collectively, the Investor Shares and, collectively with the Class E Shares, Class F Shares, Class G Shares and Class H Shares, the Shares in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including under Regulation D and Regulation S, (i) to accredited investors (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) and (ii) in the case of shares sold outside of the United States, to persons that are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) (the Private Offering ). 
 31 

Recent Developments 
 
 Portfolio Company Activity 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company acquired indirect interests in the following portfolio companies: 
 
 Portfolio Company Description Agiloft, Inc. Agiloft, Inc. is a provider of contract lifecycle management software enabling legal, procurement, sales, and other departments to streamline contract workflows and is based in Redwood City, California. Immedica Pharma AB Immedica Pharma AB is a pan-European pharmaceutical platform focused on in-licensing late-stage niche orphan disease assets for commercialization and is based in Stockholm, Sweden. IQGeo Group Plc IQGeo Group Plc is an end-to-end geospatial network management software that provides a single platform across planning, design, construction, operations and maintenance and is based in Cambridge, United Kingdom. Marmic Holdings, Inc. Marmic Holdings, Inc. is a provider of regulation-mandated fire equipment inspection, testing and maintenance services and is based in Joplin, Missouri. Nexeye Holding B.V. Nexeye Holding B.V. is a European eye and hearing care retail provider and is based in Gorinchem, Netherlands. Varsity Brands, Inc. Varsity Brands, Inc. is a leading provider of uniforms and team apparel, equipment, competitive events and training camps into the team sports and cheerleading end markets and is based in Farmers Branch, Texas. 
 
 In addition, during the same period, the Company completed add-on transactions in two existing portfolio companies, Blue Sprig Pediatrics, Inc. and Industrial Physics. 
 
 The charts below present the diversification of our portfolio companies by strategy, sector and geography as of September 30, 2024, based upon our transactional net asset value Transactional Net Asset Value ), which is used to determine the price at which the Company sells and repurchases its Shares. 
 
 STRATEGY SECTOR 

32 

GEOGRAPHY 
 
 The chart below presents the Company s ten largest investments, based upon estimated fair value, as of September 30. 2024: 
 
 Portfolio Company Sector Country Cotiviti, Inc. Health Care United States Omnissa, LLC (f/k/a VMware End User Computing) Information Technology United States BMC Software Information Technology United States USI Insurance Services LLC Financials United States CIRCOR International, Inc. Industrials United States PetVet Care Centers, LLC Health Care United States Quick Quack Car Wash Consumer Discretionary United States Potter Electrical Signal Company, LLC Industrials United States IVI Rma Global SL Health Care Spain Agiloft, Inc. Information Technology United States 
 
 During October 2024, the Company acquired indirect interests in the following portfolio companies, as well as completed one add-on transaction in an existing portfolio company, Blue Sprig Pediatrics, Inc.: 
 
 Portfolio Company Description Accountor Group Oy Accountor Group Oy is a business software provider that offers cloud financial management and human capital software to over 13,000 customers in the Nordics and is based in Espoo, Finland. Superstruct Entertainment Ltd. Superstruct Entertainment Ltd. is a live entertainment platform that owns and operates mostly European festivals and is based in London, United Kingdom. 

33 

Operating Results Highlights 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we raised aggregate subscription proceeds of 685,558 and 2,586,118, respectively, related to Investor Shares. These subscription proceeds were used, in part, to acquire our interests in 28 portfolio companies, as well as add-on transactions in existing portfolio companies totaling 1,907,356 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The details of total returns on Investor Shares are shown in the following table: 
 
 Transactional Net Asset Value Total Returns (1) 
 Class I Shares Class U Shares Class R-D Shares Class R-I Shares Class R-U Shares Share class inception date September 1, 2023 June 1, 2024 February 1, 2024 August 1, 2023 August 1, 2023 Three months ended September 30, 2024 
 4.93 4.71 4.87 4.93 4.71 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 10.88 6.50 9.97 10.75 10.13 Inception to date annualized September 30, 2024 
 11.74 Not applicable Not applicable 12.43 11.40 
 (1) Inception to date annualized for a given share class, means total return annualized based on the inception date. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Total returns shown reflect the percent change in our Transactional Net Asset Value per share from the beginning of the applicable period, plus the amount of any distribution per Share declared in the period, and assumes any distributions are reinvested in accordance with our distribution reinvestment plan. The Company did not declare or pay any distributions from inception through September 30, 2024. For share classes without twelve months of performance, we have not included the inception to date annualized total return. 
 34 

Results of Operations 
 From December 6, 2022 (date of our initial capitalization) through August 1, 2023, we had not commenced our principal operations and were focused on our formation and the registration statement on Form 10 under the Exchange Act (as amended, the Registration Statement ). Our Registration Statement automatically became effective on June 13, 2023 and we commenced principal operations on August 1, 2023. 
 
 We are dependent upon the proceeds from our continuous Private Offering in order to conduct our business. We intend to continue to acquire portfolio companies with the capital received from our continuous Private Offering and any indebtedness that we may incur in connection with such activities. 
 
 35 

The following table presents our comparative results of operations (in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Investment income Dividend income 7,442 1,873 5,569 24,130 1,873 22,257 Total investment income 7,442 1,873 5,569 24,130 1,873 22,257 Operating expenses Performance participation allocation 31,406 1,300 30,106 52,896 1,300 51,596 Management fee expense 8,338 459 7,879 16,959 459 16,500 General and administration expenses 3,544 2,600 944 11,486 2,600 8,886 Deferred offering costs amortization 117 233 (116) 815 233 582 Directors fees and expenses 154 77 77 460 77 383 Interest expense 14 14 Organization costs 813 (813) 4,589 (4,589) Total operating expenses 43,559 5,482 38,077 82,630 9,258 73,372 Less: Management fee and expense credits (8,338) (8,338) (18,333) (18,333) Less: Expenses reimbursed by Manager (3,269) 3,269 (3,170) (7,045) 3,875 Add: Expenses recouped by Manager 1,303 1,303 1,303 1,303 Less: Interest expense waived by Lender (14) (14) Net operating expenses 36,524 2,213 34,311 62,416 2,213 60,203 Net investment loss (29,082) (340) (28,742) (38,286) (340) (37,946) Net realized (loss) gain on investments, foreign currency and foreign currency forward contracts Net realized (loss) gain on: Foreign currency forward contracts (7,627) (7,627) (4,485) (4,485) Investments 4,111 4,111 4,111 4,111 Foreign currency 314 314 260 260 Total net realized (loss) (3,202) (3,202) (114) (114) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, foreign currency translation and foreign currency forward contracts Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) before income taxes on: Investments 196,106 7,743 188,363 326,635 7,743 318,892 Foreign currency translation 14,934 (1,490) 16,424 9,908 (1,490) 11,398 Foreign currency forward contracts (791) 1,455 (2,246) 337 1,455 (1,118) Total net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) before income taxes 210,249 7,708 202,541 336,880 7,708 329,172 Provision for income taxes 17,527 17,527 20,161 20,161 Total net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) after income taxes 192,722 7,708 185,014 316,719 7,708 309,011 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 160,438 7,368 153,070 278,319 7,368 270,951 
 A discussion of the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
 
 Investment Income 
 
 We generate investment income primarily from our long-term ownership and operation of Joint Ventures and portfolio companies and investments in our Liquidity Portfolio, which may consist of dividend income, interest income, and net realized gains or losses and net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation of portfolio companies. 
 36 

As the majority of our assets consist of long-term ownership and operation of Joint Ventures and portfolio companies, the majority of the revenue we generate is in the form of dividend income. Dividend income is not equivalent to the gross revenue produced at the portfolio company level, but is instead the amount of cash that is distributed from the portfolio company to the Company from time to time after paying for all portfolio company level expenses and debt obligations. Thus, the presentation of investment income in our consolidated financial statements differs from the traditional presentation shown in the consolidated financial statements of entities not prepared in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 946, Financial Services Investment Companies ASC 946 and, most notably, is not equivalent to revenue as one might expect to see in consolidated financial statements not prepared in accordance with ASC 946. 
 
 Dividend income from our portfolio company is recorded on the date when cash is received from the relevant portfolio company, but excludes any portion of distributions that are treated as a return of capital. Each distribution received from a portfolio company is evaluated to determine if the distribution should be recorded as dividend income or a return of capital. Distributions that are classified as a return of capital are recorded as a reduction in the cost basis of the investment. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the comparable periods in 2023, dividend income increased by 5,569 and 22,257, respectively. Prior to the commencement of principal operations on August 1, 2023, the Company did not record dividend income. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same periods in 2023, operating expenses increased by 38,077 and 73,372, respectively. We commenced principal operations on August 1, 2023, therefore, a comparison of operating expenses are not meaningful period over period. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 43,559 and 82,630 in operating expenses, respectively, comprised primarily of a performance participation allocation Performance Participation Allocation of 31,406 and 52,896, respectively, as well as gross management fees Management Fee pursuant to the management agreement entered into between the Company and the Manager, (as amended and restated, the Management Agreement earned by the Manager totaling 8,338 and 16,959, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company offset Management fees and certain operating expenses of 8,338 and 18,333, respectively. Additionally, we incurred 3,544 and 11,486 in general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred 5,482 and 9,258 in operating expenses, respectively, comprised primarily of a Performance Participation Allocation of 1,300 for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, as well as 2,600 in general and administrative expenses for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Management Fees pursuant to the Management Agreement earned by the Manager totaled 459 for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred 813 and 4,589 in organization costs, respectively. Organization costs consist of costs incurred to establish the Company and enable it legally to do business. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Manager agreed to reimburse expenses of 3,170 incurred by the Company pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Manager agreed to reimburse expenses of 3,269 and 7,045 incurred by the Company, pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement. The amounts are subject to recoupment within a three year period. No such expenses were agreed to be reimbursed by the Manager pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Manager recouped expenses of 1,303 incurred by the Company, pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement. No such expenses were recouped during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Going forward, we expect our primary expenses to be the payment of the Management Fee, as well as the Performance Participation Allocation to KKR. We will also bear other capital and operating expenses. 
 
 37 

Net Investment Loss 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, net investment loss was 29,082 and 38,286, respectively. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, net investment loss was 340. Prior to the commencement of principal operations on August 1, 2023, the Company did not record net investment income or loss. 
 
 Net Realized Gain (Loss) and Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Investments, Foreign Currency Translation and Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
 
 Net realized gain and loss and net unrealized appreciation and depreciation from our investments and foreign currency translation of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are reported separately on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We measure realized gain and loss as the difference between the net proceeds from the sale, repayment, or disposal of an asset and the adjusted cost basis of the asset, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation will reflect the change in investments values during the reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when appreciation or depreciation is realized. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded net realized losses of 3,202 and 114, respectively, due primarily to realized losses on foreign currency forward contracts of 7,627 and 4,485, respectively, partially offset by a realized gain of 4,111 during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulting from a partial sale of an asset. 
 
 We recorded a net change in unrealized appreciation before income taxes of 210,249 and 336,880 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, comprised of unrealized appreciation on investments related to the change in value of portfolio companies of 196,106 and 326,635, respectively, unrealized appreciation on foreign currency translation related to the change in value based upon changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 14,934 and 9,908, respectively, and unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on foreign currency forward contracts. of (791) and 337, respectively. 
 
 We recorded a net change in unrealized appreciation before income taxes of 7,708 for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, comprised of 7,743 of unrealized appreciation on investments related to the change in value of portfolio companies, 1,490 of unrealized depreciation on foreign currency translation related to the change in value based upon changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and 1,455 of unrealized appreciation on foreign currency forward contracts. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a provision for income taxes of 17,527 and 20,161, respectively. The Company operates, in part, through subsidiaries that may be treated as corporations for U.S. and non-U.S. tax purposes and therefore may be subject to current and deferred U.S. federal, state and/or local income taxes at the subsidiary level, resulting in a provision for income taxes. 
 
 Changes in Net Assets from Operations 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of 160,438 and 278,319, respectively, primarily resulting from the net change in unrealized appreciation related to the change in value of portfolio companies, as well as dividend income, partially offset by the Performance Participation Allocation and provision for income taxes for both periods. 
 
 For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of 7,368, primarily resulting from the net change in unrealized appreciation related to the change in value of portfolio companies and foreign currency forward contracts, partially offset by the net change in unrealized depreciation related to foreign currency translation. 

Investment Company Accounting Considerations 
 
 Since the Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared using the specialized accounting principles of ASC 946, our Manager produces an estimate of the fair market value of each of our portfolio companies monthly. When valuing 
 38 

our portfolio companies, net operating earnings generated at the portfolio company level are included in our valuation models. While the valuation models take into account all revenue, distributions from each of our portfolio companies may be more or less than that included in our valuation models each period due to various cash flow considerations. As an example, since many of our portfolio companies are held in tax partnership structures, or in related entities with bank-financed portfolio company level debt, the Company may be contractually limited in its ability to make dividend distributions from portfolio companies to the Company. Since portfolio companies are not consolidated with the Company under ASC 946, in many cases the net income from operations earned by a portfolio company may not be distributed to the Company in its entirety, and thus may not be reflected in the net increase in net assets resulting from operations. While this non-distributed income is included in the calculation of fair market value and net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation on investments, it is not included in net investment income or loss on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 39 

Transactional Net Asset Value 
 
 We calculate net asset value per Share in accordance with valuation policies and procedures that have been approved by our Board. Our Transactional Net Asset Value is the price at which we sell and repurchase our Shares. Our GAAP net asset value GAAP Net Asset Value is our net asset value determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The following table provides a breakdown of the major components of our Transactional Net Asset Value as of September 30, 2024 in thousands, except shares): 
 
 Components of Transactional Net Asset Value September 30, 2024 Investments at fair value (cost of 2,602,549) 
 2,948,912 Cash and cash equivalents 708,867 Other assets 3,345 Other liabilities (41,881) Accrued performance participation allocation (54,396) Accrued shareholder servicing fees and distribution fees (1) 
 (3,063) Management fee payable Transactional Net Asset Value 3,561,784 Number of outstanding shares 125,145,342 
 
 (1) Shareholder servicing fees apply only to Class S Shares, Class U Shares, Class D Shares, Class R-S Shares, Class R-D Shares and Class R-U Shares. Distribution fees apply only to Class S Shares, Class U Shares, Class R-S Shares and Class R-U Shares. For purposes of Transactional Net Asset Value, we recognize shareholder servicing fees and distribution fees as a reduction to Transactional Net Asset Value on a monthly basis as such fees are accrued. For purposes of GAAP, Net Asset Value, we accrue the cost of the shareholder servicing fees and distribution fees, as applicable, for the estimated life of the shares as an offering cost at the time we sell Class S Shares, Class U Shares, Class D Shares, Class R-S Shares, Class R-D Shares and Class R-U Shares. As of September 30, 2024, we have accrued under GAAP 142,893 of shareholder servicing fees and distribution fees payable to the dealer manager related to the Class U Shares, Class R-D Shares and Class R-U Shares sold. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2025, the Company will update its Transactional Net Asset Value calculation methodology such that the Company may exclude from the calculation of Transactional Net Asset Value as of the relevant valuation date, tax liabilities of certain taxable subsidiaries through which the Company holds portfolio companies that are contingent upon the expected manner of the divestment of the associated underlying portfolio company and are not expected to be recognized by the Company (although the current tax liabilities of any such taxable subsidiaries may be taken into account in determining the fair value of the associated underlying portfolio companies). 
 40 

The following table provides a breakdown of our total Transactional Net Asset Value and our Transactional Net Asset Value per share by class as of September 30, 2024 in thousands, except shares and per share data): 
 
 Transactional Net Asset Value Per Share Class I Shares Class U Shares Class R-D Shares Class R-I Shares Class R-U Shares Class F Shares Class G Shares Class H Shares Total Transactional Net Asset Value 377 3,632 229,433 1,145,171 2,182,863 306 1 1 3,561,784 Number of outstanding shares 13,123 126,934 8,025,494 39,965,310 77,004,002 10,399 40 40 125,145,342 Transactional Net Asset Value per Share as of September 30, 2024 
 28.69 28.61 28.59 28.65 28.35 29.38 29.38 29.38 
 
 41 

Reconciliation of Transactional Net Asset Value to GAAP Net Asset Value 
 
 The following table reconciles GAAP Net Asset Value per our Statements of Assets and Liabilities to our Transactional Net Asset Value: 
 
 September 30, 2024 GAAP Net Asset Value 3,421,954 Adjustment: Accrued shareholder servicing fees and distribution fees 139,830 Transactional Net Asset Value 3,561,784 

Valuation Methodologies and Significant Inputs 
 
 The following table presents additional information about valuation methodologies and significant inputs used for portfolio companies that are valued at fair value as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 Valuation Methodology Unobservable Input(s) (1) 
 Weighted Average (2) 
 Range Inputs to market comparables, discounted cash flow and transaction price/other Illiquidity Discount 9.3 5.0 - 15.0 Weight Ascribed to Market Comparables 42.5 0.0 - 100.0 Weight Ascribed to Discounted Cash Flow 41.9 0.0 - 75.0 Weight Ascribed to Transaction Price/Other 15.6 0.0 - 100.0 Market Comparables Enterprise Value / Forward EBITDA Multiple 12.8x 7.9x - 23.3x Enterprise Value / Forward Revenues Multiple 5.2x 2.6x - 7.1x Discounted Cash Flow Weighted Average Cost of Capital 11.2 6.1 - 17.8 Enterprise Value / LTM EBITDA Exit Multiple 12.7x 8.5x - 23.0x 
 
 (1) In determining the inputs, management evaluates a variety of factors including economic conditions, industry and market developments, market valuations of comparable companies, and company-specific developments including exit strategies and realization opportunities. The Manager has determined that market participants would take these inputs into account when valuing the investments. LTM means Last Twelve Months. 
 
 (2) Inputs are weighted based on fair value of the investments included in the range. 
 
 The Manager is ultimately responsible for our NAV calculations. 
 
 Valuations involve subjective judgments and may not accurately reflect realizable value. The assumptions above are determined by the Manager and reviewed by our independent valuation advisor. A change in these assumptions or factors would impact the calculation of the value of our assets. For example, assuming all other factors remain unchanged, the changes listed below would result in the following effects on our asset values: 
 
 Input Hypothetical Change Portfolio Company Values Weighted Average Cost of Capital 0.25 decrease +0.75 0.25 increase -0.73 
 
 42 

Hedging Activities 
 
 The Company may, but is not obligated to, engage in hedging transactions for the purpose of efficient portfolio management. The Manager may review the Company s hedging policy from time to time depending on movements and projected movements of relevant currencies and interest rates and the availability of cost-effective hedging instruments for the Company at the relevant time. 
 
 With respect to any potential financings, general increases in interest rates over time may cause the interest expense associated with our borrowings to increase and the value of our fixed income investments to decline. We may seek to stabilize our financing costs as well as any potential decline in our assets by entering into derivatives, swaps or other financial products in an attempt to hedge our interest rate risk. 
 
 The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge against foreign currency exchange rate risk on its non-U.S. dollar denominated securities or to facilitate settlement of foreign currency denominated portfolio company transactions. A foreign currency forward contract is an agreement between two parties to buy and sell a currency at a set price with delivery and settlement at a future date. The contract is marked-to-market monthly and the change in value is recorded by the Company as an unrealized gain or loss. When a foreign currency forward contract is closed, through either delivery or offset by entering into another foreign currency forward contract, the Company recognizes a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the value of the contract at the time it was opened and the value of the contract at the time it was closed. Foreign currency forward contracts involve elements of market risk in excess of the amounts reflected on the Statements of Assets and Liabilities. The Company s primary risk related to hedging is the risk of an unfavorable change in the foreign exchange rate underlying the foreign currency forward contract. Risks may also arise upon entering into these contracts from the potential inability of the counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts was a net liability of 302 and 639, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we recorded unrealized appreciation on foreign currency forward contracts of 1 and 103, respectively, as an asset in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and unrealized depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts of 303 and 742, respectively, as a liability in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a change in net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on foreign currency forward contracts of (791) and 337, respectively, and a realized loss on foreign currency forward contracts of 7,627 and 4,485, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 By using derivative instruments, the Company is exposed to the counterparty s credit risk, which is the risk that derivative counterparties may not perform in accordance with the contractual provisions offset by the value of any collateral received. The Company s exposure to credit risk associated with counterparty non-performance is limited to collateral posted and the unrealized gains inherent in such transactions that are recognized in the Statements of Assets and Liabilities. As appropriate, the Company minimizes counterparty credit risk through credit monitoring procedures and managing margin and collateral requirements. 
 43 

Share Repurchases 
 
 We do not, and do not currently intend to, list our Shares for trading on any securities exchange or any other trading market. There is currently no secondary market for our Shares, and we do not expect any secondary market to develop for our Shares. While a Shareholder should view its investment as long term with limited liquidity, we have adopted a share repurchase plan, whereby on a quarterly basis, Shareholders may request that we repurchase all or any portion of their Shares. Due to the illiquid nature of our Joint Ventures and related portfolio company holdings, we may not have sufficient liquid resources to fund repurchase requests. In addition, we have established limitations on the amount of funds we may use for repurchases during any calendar quarter. 
 There may be quarters in which we do not repurchase Shares, and it is possible that we will not repurchase Shares at all for an extended period. The applicable quarterly share repurchase limit, repurchase price and early repurchase fee are calculated based on the Transactional Net Asset Value. 
 The following table summarizes the Shares repurchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 Share Class Repurchase Price per Share Number of Shares Repurchased Gross Consideration 5 Early Repurchase Fee Net Consideration Shares repurchased on May 6, 2024: Class R-I Shares 26.12 2,871 75 6 69 Class R-U Shares 25.97 10,837 281 11 270 Shares repurchased on August 5, 2024: Class R-U Shares 27.07 25,246 684 34 650 Total 38,954 1,040 51 989 
 44 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 708,867 in cash and cash equivalents. Our current cash and cash equivalents balance is generally reflective of the cash necessary to fund normal operations. 
 
 We expect to generate cash primarily from the net proceeds from our continuous Private Offering, cash flows from our operations, the Line of Credit (as defined in Note 5, Related Party Transactions), any financing arrangements we have entered into and may enter into in the future and any future offerings of our equity or debt securities. We believe that cash provided by such means will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated cash requirements for the next twelve months and foreseeable future. 
 
 Our primary use of cash will be for acquisition of portfolio companies, the cost of operations (including the Management Fee and the Performance Participation Allocation, to the extent paid in cash), debt service of any borrowings, periodic repurchases, including under the share repurchase plan (as described herein), and cash distributions (if any) to the holders of our Shares to the extent declared by the Company. The Company may issue Class E Shares to KKR in connection with the Company s acquisition of additional assets in the future. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Cash used in operating activities 
 
 Net cash flow used in operating activities was 1,869,572 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and is primarily the result of funding the acquisitions of portfolio companies. 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities 
 
 Net cash flow provided by financing activities was 2,560,432 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which primarily reflects the proceeds from the sale of Shares pursuant to our Private Offering, partially offset by the repayment of the Line of Credit. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Below is a discussion of the accounting policies that management believes are critical to understanding our historical and future performance. We consider these policies critical because they involve significant judgments and assumptions and require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain and because they are important for understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. Our accounting policies have been established to conform with GAAP. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to use judgments in the application of such policies. These judgments will affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our consolidated financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. 
 
 Valuation of Portfolio Companies 
 
 The Company s portfolio companies are valued at fair value in a manner consistent with GAAP, including Accounting Standards Codification 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure ASC 820 ), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
 There is no single standard for determining fair values of holdings that do not have a readily available market price and, in many cases, such fair values may be best expressed as a range of fair values from which a single estimate may be derived in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each acquisition while employing a valuation process that is consistently followed. Determinations of fair value involve subjective judgments and estimates. 
 When making fair value determinations for portfolio companies that do not have readily available market prices, the Manager considers industry-accepted valuation methodologies, such as: (i) an income approach and (ii) a market approach. The income approach derives fair value based on the present value of cash flows that a business or asset is expected to generate in the future. The market approach relies upon valuations for comparable companies, transactions or assets, and 
 45 

includes making judgments about which companies, transactions or assets are comparable. In addition, when a definitive agreement has been executed to sell an investment, the Manager generally considers a significant determinant of fair value to be the consideration to be received pursuant to the executed definitive agreement. 
 A blend of approaches may be relied upon in arriving at an estimate of fair value, though there may be instances where it is more appropriate to utilize one approach. The Manager also considers a range of additional factors that it deems relevant, including a potential sale of a portfolio company, macro and local market conditions, industry information and the portfolio company s historical and projected financial data. 
 Portfolio companies will generally be valued at transaction price initially; however, to the extent the Manager does not believe a portfolio company s transaction price reflects the current market value, the Manager will adjust such valuation. When making fair value determinations for portfolio companies, the Manager will update the prior month-end valuations by incorporating the then current market comparables and discount rate inputs, any material changes to the portfolio companies financial performance since the valuation date, as well as any cash flow activity related to the portfolio companies during the month. The Manager values portfolio companies using the valuation methodology it deems most appropriate and consistent with widely recognized valuation methodologies and market conditions. 
 When making fair value determinations for assets that do not have a reliable readily available market price, the Manager will engage one or more independent valuation firms to provide positive assurance regarding the reasonableness of such valuations as of the relevant measurement date. However, the Manager is ultimately responsible for determining the fair value of all applicable investments in good faith in accordance with the Company s valuation policies and procedures. 
 Because assets are valued as of a specified valuation date, events occurring subsequent to that date will not be reflected in the Company s valuations. However, if information indicating a condition that existed at the valuation date becomes available subsequent to the valuation date and before financial information is publicly released, it will be evaluated to determine whether it would have a material impact requiring adjustment of the final valuation. 
 At least annually, the Manager reviews the appropriateness of the Company s valuation policies and procedures and will recommend any proposed changes to the Board. From time to time, the Board, and the Manager may adopt changes to the valuation policies and procedures if they determine that such changes are likely to result in a more accurate reflection of estimated fair value. 
 Accrued Shareholder Servicing Fees and Distribution Fees 
 The Company will pay KKR Capital Markets LLC ongoing distribution and servicing fees (a) of 0.85 of NAV per annum for Class S Shares, Class U Shares, Class R-S Shares and Class R-U Shares only (consisting of a 0.60 distribution fee (the Distribution Fee and a 0.25 shareholder servicing fee (the Servicing Fee )), accrued and payable monthly and (b) of 0.25 for Class D Shares and Class R-D Shares only (all of which constitutes payment for shareholder services, with no payment for distribution services) in each case as accrued, and payable mo nthly. Such Distribution Fee and Servicing Fee are calculated based on the Transactional Net Asset Value. None of the Class I Shares, Class R-I Shares, Class E Shares, Class F Shares, Class G Shares or Class H Shares incur the Distribution Fee or the Servicing Fee. 
 
 Under GAAP, the Company accrues the cost of the Servicing Fees and Distribution Fees, as applicable, for the estimated life of the shares as an offering cost at the time we sell Class S Shares, Class U Shares, Class D Shares, Class R-S Shares, Class R-U Shares and Class R-D Shares . Inherent in the calculation of the estimated amount of Servicing Fees and Distribution Fees to be paid in future periods are certain significant management judgements and estimates, including the estimated life of the shares at the time of a subscription. Accrued shareholder servicing fees and distribution fees entail uncertainties as the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding a number of factors, including market conditions, the selling environment and historical trends. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , the Company has accrued 142,893 and 40,309, respectively, of Servicing Fees and Distribution Fees payable to KKR Capital Markets LLC, related to the Class R-U Shares, Class R-D Shares and Class U Shares sold. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 There were no accounting pronouncements issued during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that are expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 46 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet financings or liabilities other than contractual commitments and other legal contingencies incurred in the normal course of our business. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 See Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies , to our consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for any contractual obligations and commitments with payments due subsequent to September 30, 2024. 
 47 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Our exposure to market risks primarily relates to movements in the fair value of portfolio companies. The fair value of portfolio companies may fluctuate in response to changes in the values of portfolio companies, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates. The quantitative information provided in this section was prepared using estimates and assumptions that management believes are appropriate. The actual impact of a hypothetical adverse movement in these risks could be materially different from the amounts shown below. All dollar amounts in Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk are in thousands, unless otherwise noted. 
 
 Changes in Fair Value 
 
 All of our portfolio companies as of September 30, 2024 are reported at fair value. Net changes in the fair value of portfolio companies impact the net increase or decrease in net assets resulting from operations in our statements of operations. Based on portfolio companies held as of September 30, 2024, we estimate that an immediate 10 decrease in the fair value of portfolio companies generally would result in a commensurate change in the amount of net increase or decrease in net assets resulting from operations, regardless of whether the portfolio company was valued using observable market prices or management estimates with significant unobservable pricing inputs. 
 
 Based on the fair value of the portfolio companies as of September 30, 2024, we estimate that an immediate, hypothetical 10 decline in the fair value of Level III investments would result in a decline in net increase in net assets resulting from operations of 294,891 , if not offset by other factors. 
 
 Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 We hold portfolio companies denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Those portfolio companies expose us to the risk that the value of the portfolio companies will be affected by changes in exchange rates between the currency in which the portfolio companies are denominated and the currency in which the portfolio companies are made. Our policy is to reduce these risks by employing hedging techniques, including using foreign currency options and foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce exposure to future changes in exchange rates. 
 
 Our primary exposure to exchange rate risk relates to movements in the value of exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies in which our portfolio companies are denominated (including euros), net of the impact of foreign exchange hedging strategies. The quantitative information that follows represents the impact that a reduction to each of the income streams shown below would have on net increase or decrease in net assets resulting from operations. 
 
 We estimate that an immediate, hypothetical 10 decline in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and all of the major foreign currencies in which our portfolio companies were denominated as of September 30, 2024 (i.e., an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies) would result in a decline in net increase in net assets resulting from operations of 16,834 , net of the impact of foreign exchange hedging strategies, if not offset by other factors. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Changes in credit markets and in particular, interest rates, can impact investment valuations, particularly our Level III portfolio companies, and may have offsetting results depending on the valuation methodology used. For example, we typically use a discounted cash flow analysis as one of the methodologies to ascertain the fair value of our portfolio companies that do not have readily observable market prices. If applicable interest rates rise, then the assumed cost of capital for those portfolio companies would be expected to increase under the discounted cash flow analysis, and this effect would negatively impact their valuations if not offset by other factors. Conversely, a fall in interest rates can positively impact valuations of certain portfolio companies if not offset by other factors. These impacts could be substantial depending upon the magnitude of the change in interest rates. In certain cases, the valuations obtained from the discounted cash flow analysis and the other primary methodology we use, the market multiples approach, may yield different and offsetting results. For example, the positive impact of falling interest rates on discounted cash flow valuations may offset the negative impact of the market multiples valuation approach and may result in less of a decline in value than for those portfolio companies that had a readily observable market price. Finally, low interest rates related to monetary stimulus and economic stagnation may also negatively impact expected returns on all investments, as the demand for relatively higher return assets increases and supply decreases. 
 
 Additionally, with respect to our business operations, general increases in interest rates over time may cause the interest expense associated with our borrowings to increase and the value of our fixed income investments to decline. Conversely, 
 48 

general decreases in interest rates over time may cause the interest expense associated with our borrowings to decrease, and the value of our fixed income investments to increase. As of September 30, 2024, we had no indebtedness. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 We are party to agreements providing for various financial services and transactions that contain an element of risk in the event that the counterparties are unable to meet the terms of such agreements. In these agreements, we depend on these counterparties to make payment or otherwise perform. We generally endeavor to reduce our risk of exposure by limiting the counterparties with which we enter into financial transactions to reputable financial institutions. In addition, availability of financing from financial institutions may be uncertain due to market events, and we may not be able to access these financing markets. 
 
 See Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Hedging Activities in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of the Company s hedging transactions. 
 49 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Co-Chief Executive Officers and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurances of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Co-Chief Executive Officers and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to accomplish their objectives at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 50 

Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2024, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 For information regarding the risk factors that could affect the Company s business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity, see the information under Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 . There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 . 
 51 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased Shares in the following amounts: 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 (2) 
 25,246 27.07 25,246 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 Total 25,246 27.07 25,246 
 
 (1) The Company offers a share repurchase plan pursuant to which, on a quarterly basis, Shareholders may request that we repurchase all or any portion of their Shares. The Company may repurchase fewer Shares than have been requested in any particular quarter to be repurchased under our share repurchase plan, or none at all, in our discretion at any time. In addition, the aggregate NAV of total repurchases of Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares, Class R-S Shares, Class R-D Shares, Class R-U Shares, Class R-I Shares or Class F Shares under our share repurchase plan will be limited to no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV attributable to such classes of Shares per calendar quarter (measured using the average aggregate NAV attributable to Shareholders as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter). See Part I, Item 1. Business Share Repurchases in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and Part II, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Share Repurchases in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information regarding the Company s share repurchase plan. 
 
 (2) All Shares listed above were repurchased on August 5, 2024. See Part II, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Share Repurchases in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of the Company s share repurchases for applicable share classes during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

52 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 On November 12, 2024, the Company adopted the A R DRIP, effective November 12, 2024, pursuant to which cash distributions to holders of the Shares will automatically be reinvested in whole and fractional Shares attributed to the class of Shares that a shareholder owns unless such holders elect to receive such distribution in cash. Pursuant to the A R DRIP, if a shareholder requests that the Company repurchase all of the shareholder s Shares pursuant to the Company's share repurchase plan (as amended from time to time, the SRP ), such shareholder s participation in the A R DRIP shall be deemed terminated effective upon the Company s receipt of such request, regardless of whether or not the Company accepts all such Shares for repurchase pursuant to the SRP, provided, that, if such shareholder subsequently withdraws its request prior to the applicable deadline therefor under the SRP, such shareholder may participate in the A R DRIP by notifying the Company and the plan administrator of the A R DRIP at least three (3) days prior to the record date of a distribution from the Company. 
 
 The foregoing summary description of the A R DRIP does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the A R DRIP, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 4.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 
 53 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 The following is a list of all exhibits filed or furnished as part of this report: 

Exhibit Number Description 3.1 
 Certificate of Formation, dated December 6, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 10 filed with the SEC on April 14, 2023) 3.2 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, between KKR DAV Manager LLC and the Members, dated as of June 21, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 27, 2024) 4.1 
 Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan 31.1 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.3 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.3 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and Shareholders should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 54 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 KKR PRIVATE EQUITY CONGLOMERATE LLC /s/ Jeffrey B. Van Horn Date: November 13, 2024 Jeffrey B. Van Horn Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 55 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 exhibit41-kxpecxardistribu.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 
 Exhibit 4.1 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED DISTRIBUTION REINVESTMENT PLAN 
 Effective as of November 12, 2024 
 KKR Private Equity Conglomerate LLC (the Company ), hereby adopts the following Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the Plan with respect to distributions declared by its board of directors (the Board ), on shares of the Company s limited liability interests (the Shares 
 1. Participation Agent . The Company s Plan is available to shareholders of record of the Shares. SS&C GIDS, Inc. Plan Administrator acting as agent for each participant in the Plan, will apply distributions from the Company (each, a Distribution and collectively, Distributions ), net of any applicable withholding taxes, that become payable to such participant on Shares (including Shares held in the participant s name and Shares accumulated under the Plan), to the purchase of additional whole and fractional Shares for such participant. 
 2. Eligibility and Election to Participate . Participation in the Plan is limited to registered owners of Shares. The Company s Board reserves the right to amend or terminate the Plan. Shareholders automatically participate in the Plan, unless and until an election is made to withdraw from the Plan on behalf of such participating shareholder. If participating in the Plan, a shareholder is required to include all of the Shares owned by such shareholder in the Plan. 
 3. Share Purchases . When the Company declares a Distribution, the Plan Administrator, on the shareholder s behalf, will receive additional authorized Shares from the Company either newly issued or repurchased from shareholders by the Company and held as treasury shares. The number of Shares to be received when Distributions are reinvested will be determined by dividing the amount of the Distribution by the Company s net asset value per Share as of as of the end of the prior month. There will be no sales load charged on Shares issued to a shareholder under the Plan but such Shares will be subject to applicable ongoing distribution and servicing fees. All Shares purchased under the Plan will be held in the name of the relevant participant. In the case of shareholders, such as banks, brokers or nominees, that hold Shares for others who are beneficial owners participating under the Plan, the Plan Administrator will administer the Plan on the basis of the number of Shares certified from time to time by the record shareholder as representing the total amount of Shares registered in the shareholder s name and held for the account of beneficial owners participating under the Plan. 
 4. Timing of Purchases . The Company expects to issue Shares pursuant to the Plan, immediately following each Distribution payment date and the Plan Administrator will make every reasonable effort to reinvest all Distributions on the day the Distribution is paid (except where necessary to comply with applicable securities laws) by the Company. If, for any reason beyond the control of the Plan Administrator, reinvestment of the Distributions cannot be completed within 30 days after the applicable Distribution payment date, funds held by the Plan Administrator on behalf of a participant will be distributed to that participant. 
 5. Account Statements . The Plan Administrator will maintain all shareholder accounts and furnish written confirmations of all transactions in the accounts, including information needed by shareholders for personal and tax records. The Plan Administrator will hold Shares in the account of the shareholders in non-certificated form in the name of the participant, and each shareholder s proxy, if any, will include those Shares purchased pursuant to the Plan. The Plan Administrator will confirm to each participant each acquisition made pursuant to the Plan as soon as practicable but not later than 10 business days after the date thereof. No less frequently than quarterly, the Plan Administrator will provide to each participant an account statement showing the Distribution, the number of Shares purchased with the Distribution, and the year-to-date and cumulative Distributions paid. 
 6. Expenses . There will be no direct expenses to participants for the administration of the Plan. There is no direct service charge to participants with regard to purchases under the Plan however, the Company reserves the right to amend the Plan to include a service charge payable by the participants. All fees associated with the Plan will be paid by the Company. 
 7. Taxation of Distributions . Each Shareholder is generally required to take into account its allocable share of items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of the Company in computing its U.S. federal income tax liability, regardless of whether Distributions are made. Distributions of cash by the Company to a Shareholder generally are not taxable to such Shareholder unless the amount of cash distributed to such Shareholder is in excess of the 

Shareholder s adjusted basis in its Shares. Accordingly, a Shareholder participating in the Plan may need to use cash from other sources in order to pay any tax liability in respect of its allocable share of items of income and gain allocated to such Shareholder by the Company. Participants in the Plan are urged to refer to Section IX. Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax and Regulatory Considerations of our private placement memorandum for additional information regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Shares. 
 8. Absence of Liability . Neither the Company nor the Plan Administrator shall have any responsibility or liability beyond the exercise of ordinary care for any action taken or omitted pursuant to the Plan, nor shall they have any duties, responsibilities or liabilities except such as expressly set forth herein. Neither the Company nor the Plan Administrator shall be liable for any act done in good faith or for any good faith omission to act, including, without limitation, any claims of liability (a) arising out of the failure to terminate a participant s account prior to receipt of written notice of such participant s death, or (b) with respect to prices at which Shares are purchased or sold for the participant s account and the terms on which such purchases and sales are made. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, LIABILITY UNDER THE U.S. FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS CANNOT BE WAIVED. 
 9. Termination of Participation . A shareholder who does not wish to have Distributions automatically reinvested may terminate participation in the Plan at any time by written instructions to that effect to the Plan Administrator. Such written instructions must be received by the Plan Administrator three (3) days prior to the record date of the Distribution or the shareholder will receive such Distribution in Shares through the Plan. If a shareholder terminates Plan participation, the Company may, at its option, ensure that the terminating shareholder s account will reflect the number of Shares in such shareholder s account and provide a check or other instrument of payment for the cash value of any fractional Share in such account. Upon termination of participation in the Plan for any reason, future distributions will be distributed to the shareholder in cash or in-kind. If a shareholder requests that the Company repurchase all of the shareholder s Shares pursuant to the Company s share repurchase plan (as amended from time to time, the SRP ), such shareholder s participation in the Plan shall be deemed terminated effective upon the Company s receipt of such request, regardless of whether or not the Company accepts all such shares for repurchase pursuant to the SRP, provided, that, if such shareholder subsequently withdraws its request prior to the applicable deadline therefor under the SRP, such shareholder may participate in the Plan by notifying the Company and the Plan Administrator at least three (3) days prior to the record date of the Distribution. 
 10. Amendment, Supplement, Termination, and Suspension of Plan . This Plan may be amended, supplemented, or terminated by the Company at any time in its sole and absolute discretion. The amendment or supplement shall be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to a subsequent appropriate filing made by the Company and shall be deemed to be accepted by each participant unless, prior to its effective date thereof, the Plan Administrator receives written notice of termination of the participant s account. Amendment may include an appointment by the Company or the Plan Administrator with the approval of the Company of a successor agent, in which event such successor shall have all of the rights and obligations of the Plan Administrator under this Plan. The Company may suspend the Plan at any time without notice to the participants. 
 11. Governing Law . This Plan and the authorization form signed by the participant (which is deemed a part of this Plan) and the participant s account shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 k-pecq3202410xqex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Alisa A. Wood, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of KKR Private Equity Conglomerate LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Intentionally omitted 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 
 s Alisa A. Wood 
 Alisa A. Wood 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 k-pecq3202410xqex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Christopher J. Harrington, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of KKR Private Equity Conglomerate LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Intentionally omitted 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 
 s Christopher J. Harrington 
 Christopher J. Harrington 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 5
 k-pecq3202410xqex313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 
 Exhibit 31.3 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Jeffrey B. Van Horn, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of KKR Private Equity Conglomerate LLC 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Intentionally omitted 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 s Jeffrey B. Van Horn 
 Jeffrey B. Van Horn 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 k-pecq3202410xqex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of KKR Private Equity Conglomerate LLC (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Alisa A. Wood, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 s Alisa A. Wood 
 Alisa A. Wood 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 k-pecq3202410xqex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of KKR Private Equity Conglomerate LLC (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christopher J. Harrington, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 s Christopher J. Harrington 
 Christopher J. Harrington 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 8
 k-pecq3202410xqex323.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 
 Exhibit 32.3 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of KKR Private Equity Conglomerate LLC (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey B. Van Horn, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 s Jeffrey B. Van Horn 
 Jeffrey B. Van Horn 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 kkr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 kkr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 kkr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 kkr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 kkr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

