<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241004_10-Q_edgar_data_1845550_0001213900-24-085562.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5092570</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>130845</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1061307</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1030868</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1306881</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1490371</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-085562.hdr.sgml : 20241004
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241004161728
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-085562
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241004
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241004

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Plum Acquisition Corp. III
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001845550
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40677
		FILM NUMBER:		241355125

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		EMPIRE STATE BUILDING
		STREET 2:		20 WEST 34TH STREET, SUITE 4215
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 683-6773

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 FILLMORE ST. #2089
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alpha Partners Technology Merger Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-085562.txt : 20241004

10-Q
 1
 ea0216181-10q_plum3.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to

Commission File Number 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

There were Class A ordinary shares and
 Class B ordinary shares of the registrant outstanding on October 3, 2024. 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART 1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 5 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 6 

Item 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 24 

Item 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 33 

Item 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 33 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 34 

Item 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 34 

Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 34 

Item 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 34 

Item 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 34 

Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 34 

Item 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 34 

Item 6. 
 EXHIBITS 
 
 35 

SIGNATURES 
 
 36 

i 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 
 2024 
 December 31, 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Extension contribution due from related parties 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Promissory note - related party 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, and shares at redemption value of and per share at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; excluding 2,284,199 and 14,717,409 shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
(UNAUDITED) 

Three Months 
 Ended 
June 30, 
2024 
 Three Months 
 Ended 
June 30, 
 2023 
 Six Months 
 Ended 
June 30, 
2024 
 Six Months 
 Ended 
June 30, 
 2023 
 
 Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income on bank account 

Interest and dividend income on investments held in Trust Account 

Gain related to potential business combination 

Gain (loss) on change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 
(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30,
2024 

Class A 
Ordinary Shares 
 Class B 
Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2024 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount as of March 31, 2024 

Deemed contribution for extension deposit from the Sponsor 

Share based compensation 

Reversal of deemed contribution for extension deposit from the Sponsor 

Net loss 

Contribution from the Sponsor of shares to be issued under non-redemption agreements 

Finance cost of shares to be issued under non-redemption agreements 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount as of June 30, 2024 

Share based compensation 

Net income 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 
(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30,
2023 

Class A 
Ordinary Shares 
 Class B 
Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2023 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount as of March 31, 2023 

Net income 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount as of June 30, 2023 

Net income 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(UNAUDITED) 

Six Months 
 Ended 
June 30, 
 2024 
 Six Months 
 Ended 
June 30, 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest and dividend income on investments held in Trust Account 

Stock-based Compensation 

Gain on change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash transferred into Trust Account 

Cash transferred from Trust Account to pay redeeming shareholders 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds for extension payments from the Old Sponsor 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note - related party 

Payment of cash to redeeming shareholders 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash - Beginning of period 

Cash - End of period 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Reclassification of Sponsor Extension Payment to Promissory Note - Related Party 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption to redemption value 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

5 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

Founder Units (as defined in Note 5) of the Company from the Original Sponsor, each unit consisting of Class
B ordinary share and one-third of redeemable warrant to acquire Class B share, which Founder Units are subject to forfeiture in
certain circumstances, and (ii) became entitled to of Founder Units that the Original Sponsor placed in escrow at the Closing
to the extent such Founder Units are allocated to investors who hold and do not redeem their Class A ordinary shares of the Company at
the time of the Company s initial Business Combination, for an aggregate purchase price of . Subsequently, on January 26, 2024,
the Company, the Original Sponsor, and the Sponsor entered into an amended purchase agreement (the Amended Purchase Agreement ),
to correct the number of shares that the Original Sponsor shall retain to be Class A private placement units and Class
B founder units. 

The Original Sponsor and the Sponsor each agreed
to pay in extension contributions in each of December 2023 and January 2024. As of December 31, 2023, there was a deposit
into the Trust Account due from the Sponsor and the Original Sponsor, respectively, representing the December 2023 extension contribution.
On January 24, 2024, the second payment of was deposited into the Trust Account. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Purchase
Agreement, the Original Sponsor agreed to pay, or cause its affiliates to pay, certain liabilities of the Company accrued and outstanding
as of the Closing and will deliver Founder Units to the Sponsor to the extent such liabilities are unsatisfied or the Original Sponsor s
obligation to make extension contributions is not satisfied. 

Following the Closing, the Original Sponsor has
no further obligations with respect to the Company and the Sponsor assumed all obligations relating to the Company, including, (i) to
cause the Company to file a proxy statement providing public investors of the Company with the option to accept a revised trust extension
arrangement or redeem their Class A ordinary shares and receive their pro rata share of the Company s Trust Account (as defined
below), (ii) to cause the Company to satisfy all of its public reporting requirements as well as taking all action to cause the Company
to remain listed on Nasdaq, (iii) the payment of all extension contributions after January 2024 and working capital of the Company, at
the discretion of the Sponsor, and (iv) all other obligations of the Original Sponsor related to the Company. 

As of June 30, 2024, the Company had not
commenced any operations. All activity for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023 relates to
the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest and dividend income from
the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The registration statement for the Company s
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on July 27, 2021. On July 30, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public
Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the
 Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per
Private Placement Unit in a private placement to Alpha Partners Technology Merger Sponsor LLC (the Original Sponsor and
certain anchor investors (the Anchor Investors ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

6 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

-day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any (see Note 6). On
August 5, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units (the Over-Allotment
Units ), generating gross proceeds of . 

Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise
of the over-allotment option, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Over-Allotment Private Placement Units at a purchase price of per unit in a private placement to the Original Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 

Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, the
sale of the Private Placement Units, the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, and the sale of the Over-Allotment Private Placement Units,
a total of was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and was invested only in U.S. government treasury
obligations with maturities of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. 

The Company will provide the holders of its outstanding
Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the
completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or
(ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public
Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption
rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 

The Company will proceed with a Business Combination
only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination
and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder
vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will,
pursuant to its second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder
approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the
Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender
offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Original Sponsor has agreed to vote
its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving
a Business Combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote
for or against the proposed transaction or don t vote at all. 

Notwithstanding the above, if the Company seeks
shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Second Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more
than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The Company s Original Sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to waive (i) redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection
with the completion of a Business Combination, (ii) redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them
in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
that would modify the substance or timing of the obligation to provide holders of the Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete
an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or with respect to any other provision
relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (iii) rights to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held if the Company fails to complete an initial Business Combination
within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. However, if the Sponsor or officers and directors acquire Public Shares
in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the
Company fails to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

7 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any);
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the
board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the obligations under Cayman Islands law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions
with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period. 

The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights
to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account
that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share
value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). 

In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust
Account, the Original Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services
rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective partner business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public
Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than per Public Share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay tax obligations, provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective partner business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access
to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Company will seek
to reduce the possibility that the Original Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers (excluding the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective partner
businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Extraordinary General Meeting 

On July 27, 2023, the Company held an Extraordinary
General Meeting (the July Extraordinary General Meeting whereby the shareholders approved an amendment to the amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ). The Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association extended the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from
July 30, 2023 to July 30, 2024, or such earlier date as shall be determined by the Company s board of directors. In connection with
the July Extraordinary General Meeting, the holders of Class A ordinary shares, properly exercised their right to redeem their
shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately .
After those redemptions, approximately remained in the Company s trust account. 

8 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

Class A ordinary shares, properly exercised
their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount
of . The payments for these redemptions took place on February 27, 2024, after which remained in the Company s
Trust Account. As a result of the Extension Proposal being approved by the Company s shareholders, the Original Sponsor, or its
designee is no longer required to make monthly payments to the Company equal to the lesser of (a) an aggregate of or (b) 
per public share that remains outstanding. On August 2, 2023, September 7, 2023, October 10, 2023, November 10, 2023, January 10, 2024,
and January 25, 2024 , or in the aggregate, was deposited into the Company s Trust Account. 

Letter of Intent and Business Combination Agreement 

On July 26, 2023, the Company signed a non-binding
letter-of-intent LOI for a business combination with Glowforge Inc. Glowforge ), creator of award-winning
3D laser printers. Under the terms of the LOI, the Company and Glowforge would become a combined entity, with Glowforge s existing
equity holders rolling of their equity into the combined public company. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the LOI was terminated. 

As part of a terminated LOI, the Company received
payment from a previous business combination target entity of on April 13, 2023. That balance represented a penalty if the target
entity terminated the agreement. The target entity reimbursed the Company for transaction expenses and merger-related activities incurred
through that date related to a prospective merger which was not completed. 

On August 22, 2024, the Company entered into a
business combination agreement with a corporation formed under the Laws of the Province of British Columbia PubCo and Tactical
Resources Corp., a corporation formed under the Laws of the Province of British Columbia, pursuant to which the Company will amalgamate
pursuant to a Plan of Arrangement under the Business Corporations Act of British Columbia BCBCA to form one corporate entity,
except that the legal existence of Pubco will not cease and Pubco will survive the amalgamation, following its redomicile into the Province
of British Columbia, Canada. The business combination agreement and related executed agreements included supporting agreements are more
fully described and filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 22, 2024. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of June 30, 2024, the Company had 
in cash held outside of the Trust Account and a working capital deficit of , which may not be sufficient for the Company to
operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the unaudited condensed financial statements. There is no assurance that
the Company s attempts to close the deal for an initial Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. On
January 3, 2024, the Company, the Sponsor and Palmeira Investment Limited (the Investor entered into a subscription agreement
(the Subscription Agreement ), pursuant to which the Sponsor may raise up to from the Investor to fund extension
payments and working capital for the Company, including upon the execution of the Subscription Agreement, on February
1, 2024, and as otherwise called by the Sponsor in its discretion. At the closing of the Company s initial business combination,
the Sponsor will forfeit Class B shares, and the Company will issue an equal number of shares of its common stock to the Investor,
for each dollar funded by the Investor pursuant to the Subscription Agreement. 

9 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

to the Company.
The funds that will be loaned to the Company under the Sponsor Promissory Note consist of a portion of the up to that was loan
to the Sponsor by the Investor. Up to of such loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the Company, at a
price of per warrant at the option of the Sponsor. The outstanding balance under the Sponsor Promissory Note as of June 30,
2024 was . 

The Company will have until January 30, 2025 to
complete a Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated by January 30, 2025 there will be a mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution of the Company. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40 Presentation
of Financial Statements- Going Concern , management has determined the factors disclosed above including the January 30, 2025 Combination
Period deadline raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through from the date
that these unaudited condensed financial statements are filed. These unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be
unable to continue as a going concern. 

10 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

and in cash as of
June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of June 30, 2024 or December
31, 2023. 

and , respectively. 

11 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

Class A ordinary shares
sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and subsequent partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option,
that remain unredeemed, contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s
liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain
amendments to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on
redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company
require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all Public Shares have been classified
outside of permanent equity. On January 29, 2024, Class A ordinary shares were tendered for redemption by shareholders for
a total value of . The payment of these shares took place on February 27, 2024, after which Class A ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption remained outstanding. 

Redemption of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption to redemption amount 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of March 31, 2024 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption to redemption amount 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of June 30, 2024 

12 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

shares, or the effects of the warrants that would be issuable upon conversion of the Subscription Loan (as defined
in Note 5) in the calculation of income per share, because the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company
is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

13 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary
share and one-third of redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class
A ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). 

The Company had granted the underwriters in the
Initial Public Offering a -day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any (see Note 6). On
August 5, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Over-Allotment
Units, generating gross proceeds of . 

Units at a price of per Private
Placement Unit in the aggregate). Each Private Placement Unit consists of Class A ordinary share (the Private Placement
Shares and one-third of redeemable warrant (the Private Placement Warrants ), which is exercisable at a price of
 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering
to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from
the sale of the Private Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the
Trust Account with respect to the Private Placement Warrants. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise
of the over-allotment option (see Note 6), the Company consummated the sale of Over-Allotment Private Placement Units at a purchase
price of per unit in a private placement to the Original Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 

to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for the issuance of founder
units Founder Units ), which were subsequently transferred to the Original Sponsor. Each Founder Unit consists of Class
B ordinary share and one-third of warrant (the Founder Warrants that has the same terms as the Private Placement Warrants Founder Warrants in the aggregate). The Class B ordinary shares included in the Founder Units Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment
option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Original Sponsor will own, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Founder Warrants included an aggregate of up to 
Founder Warrants subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised. On August 5,
2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units (see Note 6), leaving 
Class B ordinary shares and Founder Warrants subject to forfeiture. On September 11, 2021, the remaining option expired. As a result,
 Class B ordinary shares and Founder Warrants were forfeited. 

14 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after an initial
Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar
transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or
other property and (ii) any of their Founder Warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof until 
days after the completion of an initial Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of the Company s
Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least 150 days after an initial
Business Combination, the Founder Units or Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. 

On December 27, 2023, the Company, the Original
Sponsor, and the Sponsor entered into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which, at a closing on
December 28, 2023, the Sponsor (i) purchased founder units of the Company from the Original Sponsor, each unit consisting of
 Class B ordinary share and one-third of redeemable warrant to acquire Class B ordinary share, which founder units are subject
to forfeiture in certain circumstances, and (ii) became entitled to of the founder units that Original Sponsor placed in
escrow at the Closing to the extent such founder units are allocated to investors who hold and do not redeem their Class A ordinary shares
of the Company at the time of the Company s initial business combination, for an aggregate purchase price of . Original Sponsor
agreed to pay, or cause its affiliates to pay, certain liabilities of the Company accrued and outstanding as of the Closing. Following
the closing, Original Sponsor has no further obligations with respect to the Company, and the Sponsor has assumed all obligations relating
to the Company. Pursuant to the Amended Purchase Agreement, the Original Sponsor shall retain Class A private placement units
and Class B founder units. 

The Company and the Sponsor intend to enter into
non-redemption agreements (the Non-Redemption Agreements with certain shareholders of the Company pursuant to which, if
such shareholders do not redeem (or validly rescind any redemption requests on) their Class A ordinary shares (the Non-Redeemed
Shares in connection with the January 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Sponsor will agree to transfer to such investors
ordinary shares of the Company held by the Sponsor immediately following the consummation of an initial business combination if they continue
to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Extraordinary General Meeting. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing
on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, to pay an affiliate of the Original Sponsor per month for office space,
secretarial and administrative support services. Upon the completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation, the Company will
cease paying these monthly fees. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company incurred no expenses under this agreement.
For the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, the Company incurred expenses of and , respectively, under this
agreement and are included in operating and formation costs on the accompanying condensed statement of operations. In connection with
the Purchase Agreement on December 27, 2023, the obligations of the Administrative Support Agreement transferred from the Original Sponsor
to the Sponsor. Any outstanding administrative support fees owed to the Sponsor as of December 27, 2023 were forgiven by the Original
Sponsor and the agreement was then cancelled. As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no outstanding balance for
accrued expenses - related party. 

15 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

, expected to be funded
on an as-needed basis. The principal balance shall be payable on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company liquidates its Trust
Account or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination. On August 24, 2023, September 6, 2023, September 28,
2023, September 29, 2023, October 11, 2023, and November 9, 2023, the Company withdrew , , , , 
and respectively, from the Working Capital Loan. As of June 30, 2024, there was no principal amount outstanding under the
Working Capital Loan, as the Working Capital Loan was forgiven by the Original Sponsor. The aggregate fair value of the Working Capital
Loan upon issuance was . The aggregate fair value of the Working Capital Loan was upon forgiveness. The Working Capital
Loan was forgiven by the Original Sponsor on December 27, 2023. 

Reimbursements Related Party 

For the three and six months ended June 30, 2024,
the Company had no payments to the Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates as reimbursements for the operating
costs of the Company and included within operating and formation costs within the accompanying condensed statement of operations. 

For the three and six months ended June 30, 2023,
the Company paid and , respectively, to the Sponsor as reimbursements for operating costs of the Company paid for by the
Sponsor. 

Accounts Payable - Related Party 

As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
 and 0 , respectively, was payable by the Company to the Sponsor or other related parties for services related to the search for
an initial Business Combination target. 

Subscription Agreement and Promissory Note
- Related Party 

On January 3, 2024, the Company, the Sponsor,
and Investor entered into a Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which the Sponsor may raise up to from the Investor to fund
extension payments to the Trust Account and working capital for the Company, including upon the execution of the Subscription
Agreement and on February 20, 2024 and as otherwise called by the Sponsor in its discretion. At the closing of the Company s
initial Business Combination, the Sponsor will forfeit Class B shares, and the Company will issue an equal number of shares of its
common stock to the Investor, for each dollar funded by the Investor pursuant to the Subscription Agreement. If the Company s initial
Business Combination does not occur, the Sponsor will not forfeit any shares. 

In July 2024, the Company entered into a promissory
note with Mercury Capital (the Sponsor Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Sponsor may loan up to to the Company.
The funds that will be loaned to the Company under the Sponsor Promissory Note consist of a portion of the up to that was loan
to the Sponsor by the Investor. If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Sponsor Promissory Note.
In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay
the Sponsor Promissory Note, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to 
of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the Company at a price of per warrant at the option of the Sponsor. The warrants
would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

The outstanding balance under the Subscription
Agreement as of June 30, 2024 was . This balance includes deposits made into the Trust Account by the Sponsor of 
each on January 9, 2024 and January 24, 2024, payments made by the Sponsor on behalf of the Company totaling , and a draw of 
on March 28, 2024 and May 6, 2024. 

16 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

par value per share of the Company sold in its initial public offering (the
 Non-Redeemed Shares at the Adjourned Meeting. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed
Shares, the Sponsor will assign an economic interest in certain of its Founder Shares to the Investor at the rate of Founder Share
for each four Non-Redeemed Shares. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of Founder Shares transferrable to the Non-Redeeming
Shareholders pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreement to be or per share. The fair value was determined using a discount
for the probability of an Initial Business Combination of and a discount of for the lack of redemption rights and the value
per Founder Shares as of the valuation date of . The excess of the fair value of such Founder Shares was determined to be an offering
cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, in substance, the indirect economic interest in the Founder Shares
was recognized by the Company as a capital contribution in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5T by the Sponsor to induce
these Non-Redeeming Stockholders not to redeem the Non-Redeemed Shares, with a corresponding charge to additional paid-in capital to recognize
the fair value of the Founder Shares subject to transfer as an offering cost. 

Consulting Agreement - Stock Based Compensation 

On February 12, 2024, the Sponsor entered into
an independent contractor agreement and securities transfer agreement concurrently with the Company s Chief Financial Officer, for
services related to due diligence of potential business combination partners and assisting with the negotiation and closing of an initial
business combination. The Chief Financial Officer is entitled to receive a fee for service of paid in amounts of semi-monthly
until the Company completes its initial business combination. These payments will be recorded as operating expenses of the Company. Additionally,
the Sponsor has agreed to transfer Founder Shares and Founder Warrants of the Company to the Chief Financial Officer.
At the earlier of the termination of the agreement and an initial business combination, the Chief Financial Officer has agreed to surrender
a portion of the Class B ordinary shares based on the cash compensation paid multiplied by 1.5, up to a maximum of Founder Shares.
Lastly, the Chief Financial Officer shall be paid a success fee of that is contingent upon the closing of the initial business
combination. The compensation expense related to the Founder Share transfer will be amortized on a straight-line basis from the grant
date of February 12, 2024 (the date at which the independent contractor agreement was signed, and the date at which all parties reached
a mutual understanding of the key terms and conditions of the share-based payment) to November 1, 2024 (vesting period of 8 months). Such
Investment Advisory Agreement was accounted for under ASC 718. The Company estimated the fair value of the Founder Shares to be 
or per share. The value was calculated by taking the February 12, 2024 trading price of , multiplied by the Company s estimated
probability of completing the business combination on that day of , further multiplied to factor in a discount for lack of redemption
ability of the Founder Shares prior to a Business Combination The Company estimated the fair value of the Founder Warrants to be 
or per warrant, which was the trading price on February 12, 2024. 

On June 30, 2024, the Sponsor entered into an
amendment to the independent contractor agreement. In connection with the amendment, the Sponsor will now assign and transfer all 
Founder Shares and Founder Warrants only upon the closing of a Business Combination, and the Founder Shares are no longer
subject to forfeiture based upon cash compensation paid. As such, the Company determined that this was a modification to the original
agreement. As such, as of June 30, 2024 no additional compensation will be recorded for the transfer of the shares until a Business Combination
has been consummated. The compensation that has been recorded for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, will remain within the
Company s Statements of Operations for those periods. During the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded compensation
expense of and , respectively. 

17 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

Founders Shares
and warrant to the Recipient as compensation for the provisioning of advisory service rendered to the SPAC. No compensation expense
was recorded as of June 30, 2024, as the Recipient did not start providing advisory services and therefore the award has not vested. 

On June 30, 2024, the Sponsor and the Recipient entered into an amendment
to the Securities Transfer Agreement (the Amended Securities Transfer Agreement ). Pursuant to the Amended Securities Transfer
Agreement, the Sponsor will transfer Founders Shares and warrant to the Recipient upon successfully closing any business
combination transaction involving the Company. In addition, the Recipient s compensation would be in exchange for providing advisory
to the Sponsor. No compensation expense was recorded as of June 30, 2024, as the performance condition was not considered probable. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On August 5, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional
 Units at an offering price of per Unit for an aggregate purchase price of . On September 11, 2021, the remaining
option expired. As a result, Class B ordinary shares were forfeited. 

The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting
discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and partial exercise of the
over-allotment option. In addition, per unit, or in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting
commissions. On December 27, 2023, the underwriters agreed to waive their rights to their portion of the fee payable by the Company for
deferred underwriting commissions, with respect to any potential business combination of the Company. Of the total waived fee,
 was recorded as a reduction to accumulated deficit and was recorded as a gain on the waiver of deferred underwriting
commissions by underwriters in the consolidated statements of operations, following a manner consistent with the original allocation of
the deferred underwriting fees. 

18 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

Founder Warrants, Private Placement Warrants, and Public Warrants outstanding. The exercise price
of all warrants noted is . 

Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole
number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants, Private Placement Warrants,
and Founder Warrants will become exercisable days after the completion of a Business Combination. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Founder Warrants and the Private Placement
Warrants will also expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company will not be obligated to deliver any
Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration
statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus
relating thereto is current, subject to satisfying the obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption
from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share
upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed
to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. 

The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than business days after the closing of an initial Business Combination, the Company will use the commercially
reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement or a new registration statement covering
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use the commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the same to become effective within business days after the closing of an initial Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness
of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed,
as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so appoint, the Company will not be
required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th day after the closing of an initial Business Combination, warrant holders may,
until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an
effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act or another exemption, but the Company will use the best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to
the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class
A ordinary share equals or exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the warrants for redemption
(except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the last reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any trading days
within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given to the warrant
holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and certain issuances of Class A ordinary shares and equity linked securities). 

The Company will not redeem the warrants as described
above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares is available throughout the -day redemption period.
If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise the redemption right even if the Company is unable
to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

19 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; provided that
during such day period holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number
of shares based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except
as otherwise described below; provided, further, that if the warrants are not exercised on a cashless basis or otherwise during such 
day period, the Company shall redeem such warrants for per share; and 

if, and only if, the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions,
share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and certain issuances of Class A ordinary shares and equity linked securities)
on the trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The value of the Company s Class A ordinary
shares shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares during the trading days immediately following the
date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. The Company will provide its warrant holders with the final
fair market value no later than one business day after the -trading day period described above ends. In no event will the warrants be
exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject
to adjustment). 

In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional
Class A ordinary shares or equity linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of an initial Business
Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders
or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance including any transfer or reissuance of such shares (the Newly Issued Price )), (y) the aggregate
gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding
of an initial Business Combination, and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the trading
day period starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination is below per
share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price, and the and per share redemption trigger prices adjacent to Redemption of warrants when
the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds . and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary
share equals or exceeds . will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to and of the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. 

The Private Placement Units (including the Private
Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants and Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally,
the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Units are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the
Public Warrants. 

The Company accounts for the warrants
issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (including Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants) and
the Founder Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants
do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. The Founder Warrants and Private
Placement Warrants are precluded from equity classification due to a provision that provides for potential changes to the settlement amounts
dependent upon the characteristics of the holder of the warrant. The Public Warrants are precluded from equity classification due to a
provision that in the event of a tender offer or exchange offer made to and accepted by holders of more than of the outstanding ordinary
shares, all holders of the warrants would be entitled to receive cash for their warrants. 

20 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

preference shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of June 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares 
The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary
shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and Class
A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, including and Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively. 

Class B ordinary shares 
The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B ordinary
shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Class B ordinary
shares issued and outstanding. 

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to
one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares
and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s
shareholders except as required by law. Prior to an initial Business Combination, only holders of the Founder Shares will have the right
to vote on the election of directors. Holders of the Public Shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during
such time. 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation of an initial Business Combination at a ratio
such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding, plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class
A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or
deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, excluding any
Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in an initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, members of
the team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into
Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than to one. 

21 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

Liabilities 

Warrant liability Founder Warrants 

Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 

Warrant liability Public Warrants 

December 31, 2023 

Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account: 

Money Market investments 

Liabilities 

Warrant liability Founder Warrants 

Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 

Warrant liability Public Warrants 

The measurement of the Public Warrants as of June
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 is classified as Level 2 due to limited trading activity under the ticker PLMJW. The quoted price representing
the fair value of the Public Warrants was and per warrant as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

In prior periods, the Company utilized a Black-Scholes
Option Pricing model for the initial valuation of the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants and the subsequent measurement of
the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. Inherent in pricing models are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility,
expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield, which are considered Level 3 inputs. However, since a reasonable and acceptable
volatility cannot be inferred from the option pricing model performed for the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants as of June 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were set equal to the fair value of
the Public Warrants. The fair value of the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants was and per warrant as of June 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants
are classified as Level 2 due to the use of an observable market quote for a similar asset using recent trading prices. 

For the three and six months ended June 30,
2024 the Company recognized a gain of and a loss of on the changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities in the statements
of operations, respectively. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, the Company recognized a gain of and 0 on
changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities in the statements of operations, respectively. 

.
Under the terms of the agreement the Subscribers agreed to subscribe to a portion of the Sponsor s Class B Ordinary Shares on a contingent
basis in order to allow the Sponsor to fund such working capital to the Company. Pursuant to the agreement, at the closing of a business
combination by the Company, upon election by the Sponsor, the Shares will be transferred to the Subscribers. 

22 

PLUM ACQUISTION CORP. III 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE 30, 2024 

million minimum MVLS requirement
for continued listing on the Nasdaq under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (the MVLS Rule ). The Second Notice is only a notification
of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no current effect on the listing or trading of the Company s securities. 

In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(C),
the Company will have calendar days (the Compliance Period to regain compliance with the MVLS Rule. To regain compliance
with the MVLS Rule, the MVLS for the Company must be at least million for a minimum of consecutive business at any time during
this Compliance Period. If the Company regains compliance with the MVLS Rule, Nasdaq will provide the Company with written confirmation
and will close the matter. 

If the Company does not regain compliance with
the MVLS Rule by the Compliance Date, Nasdaq will provide written notification that its securities will be subject to delisting. In the
event of such notification, the Nasdaq rules permit the Company an opportunity to appeal Nasdaq s determination. 

The Company is monitoring its MVLS and may, if
appropriate, evaluate available options to regain compliance with the MVLS Rule. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will
be able to regain or maintain compliance with Nasdaq listing standards. 

The hearing with the Panel was held on September
5, 2024. On September 23, 2024, the Company received notice from the Nasdaq Office of the General Counsel that the Panel has granted the
Company s request for continued listing on Nasdaq. As disclosed on August 5, 2024, the Company received notice from the Listing
Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that the Company has failed to comply with Nasdaq Listing Rule IM-5101-2, which requires
that a special purpose acquisition company must complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its
IPO registration statement. The Panel has granted the Company s request for continued listing provided that on or before January
27, 2025, the Company will demonstrate compliance with all applicable initial listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

On August 10, 2024, Mercury Capital LLC and Freya
Advisory, LLC (the Consultant entered into a services agreement which sets forth certain mutual benefits and obligations
of the Consultant and Mercury Capital LLC with respect to certain services rendered by the Consultant to the Company. The services entail
supervising and performing due diligence on potential business combination transaction in coordination with, and with direction from,
the Company s senior management. The term of the services agreement shall commence on August 10, 2024 and terminate upon the earlier of:
(a) termination of this engagement at will in accordance with the terms of the Agreement; or (b) the consummation of a business combination.
As compensation for the services rendered by the Consultant both before and during the term, the Company shall pay to the Consultant a
success fee in the amount of at the closing of the business combination involving the Company. 

On August 22, 2024, the Company entered into a
Business Combination Agreement with Tactical Resources Corp., a corporation formed under the laws of the Province of British Columbia,
Canada Tactical ). Following the continuation from the Cayman Islands to the Province of British Columbia, Canada (the Domestication ),
on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement (as defined in
the Business Combination Agreement) and in accordance with applicable law, the Company shall amalgamate with Plum III Merger Corp., a
corporation formed under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada Pubco to form one corporate entity (the
 SPAC Amalgamation ), except that the legal existence of Pubco will not cease and Pubco will survive the SPAC Amalgamation.
Following the SPAC Amalgamation, Tactical will amalgamate with Plum III Amalco Corp., a corporation formed under the laws of the Province
of British Columbia, Canada and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company to form one corporate entity (the Tactical Amalgamation ),
except that the legal existence of Tactical will not cease and Tactical will survive as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco. 

23 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to Plum Acquisition Corp. III References to our
 management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to Mercury Capital LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly
Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report including,
without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs,
based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from
the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section
of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC on July 1, 2024. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the
SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or
obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated on February 5,
2021 as a Cayman Island exempted company and formed for the purpose of effectuating a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Quarterly
Report as our initial business combination . We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the
proceeds of the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the Private Placement
Units (as defined below), the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward
purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or otherwise),
shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. 

On July 30, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 25,000,000
Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 13.75 million,
of which 8.75 million was for deferred underwriting commissions. We granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional
3,750,000 Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. On August 3, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment
option, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional 3,250,000 Over-Allotment Units occurred on August 5, 2021. The issuance
by the Company of the Over-Allotment Units at a price of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of approximately 32.5 million. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we
consummated the Private Placement of 800,000 units, at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit with Alpha Merger Technology Sponsor
LLC (the Original Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of 8.0 million. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the
Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the Private Placement with the Original Sponsor of 65,000 Additional Private Placement Units,
generating total proceeds of 650,000. 

24 

Upon the closing of the IPO, the Private Placement,
the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, and the sale of the Over-Allotment Private Placement Units, approximately 282.5 million of the
net proceeds were placed in a Trust Account, located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as
trustee, and will be invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the
Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act which invests only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier
of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. In addition, a certain
anchor investor advanced an aggregate amount of approximately 500,681 to the Company to cover the purchase of Private Placement Units.
In April 2021, the Company repaid 681 to the anchor investor. Upon the closing of the IPO, the remaining advance of 500,000 was applied
to the purchase of the Private Placement Units which the Company has since repaid. 

Our management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the
net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that we will be able
to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

We must complete one or more initial Business
Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred
underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the agreement to
enter into the initial Business Combination. However, we will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the prospective partner company or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the prospective party company sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. 

If we are unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no
redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate a Business
Combination within the Combination Period. 

As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
we held cash of 49,390 and 0, respectively, current liabilities of 1,220,250 and 805, respectively. Further, we expect to continue
to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an initial
business combination will be successful. 

On December 27, 2023, the Company, the Original
Sponsor, and the Sponsor entered into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which, at a closing on
December 28, 2023, the Sponsor (i) purchased 3,902,648 founder units of the Company from the Original Sponsor, each unit consisting of
one Class B ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant to acquire one Class B ordinary share, which founder units are subject
to forfeiture in certain circumstances, and (ii) became entitled to 70 of the 2,030,860 founder units that Original Sponsor placed in
escrow at the Closing to the extent such founder units are allocated to investors who hold and do not redeem their Class A ordinary shares
of the Company at the time of the Company s initial business combination, for an aggregate purchase price of 1. Original Sponsor
agreed to pay, or cause its affiliates to pay, certain liabilities of the Company accrued and outstanding as of the Closing. Following
the closing, Original Sponsor has no further obligations with respect to the Company, and the Sponsor has assumed all obligations relating
to the Company. Subsequently, on January 26, 2024, the Company, the Original Sponsor, and the Sponsor entered into an amended purchase
agreement (the Amended Purchase Agreement ), to correct the number of shares that the Original Sponsor shall retain to be
665,000 Class A private placement units and 1,128,992 Class B founder units. 

25 

Previous Letter of Intent 

In our Form 10-Q as of and for the period ended
March 31, 2023, we had recorded a balance of 374,975 in the receivable related to potential business combination line item on the condensed
balance sheet. That balance represented a penalty if the target entity terminated the agreement. The target entity reimbursed the Company
for transaction expenses and merger-related activities incurred through that date related to a prospective merger which was not completed.
We received payment from the target entity in April 2023. 

Extraordinary General Meeting 

On July 27, 2023, the Company held an Extraordinary
General Meeting (the July Extraordinary General Meeting whereby the shareholders approved an amendment to the amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ). The Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association extended the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from
July 30, 2023 to July 30, 2024, or such earlier date as shall be determined by the Company s board of directors. In connection with
the July Extraordinary General Meeting, the holders of 13,532,591 Class A ordinary shares, properly exercised their right to redeem their
shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.41 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 140,838,808.
After those redemptions, approximately 153,169,659 remained in the Company s trust account. 

On January 29, 2024, the Company held an Extraordinary
General Meeting (the January Extraordinary General Meeting whereby shareholders of the Company approved an amendment to
the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association in order to (i) extend the date by which the Company must
consummate its initial business combination, cease its operations and redeem all of its Class A ordinary shares (the Extension
Proposal to January 30, 2025, or such earlier date as shall be determined by the Company s board of directors and (ii) changed
the name of the Company from Alpha Partners Technology Merger Corp. to Plum Acquisition Corp. III. 

The Company filed the Charter Amendment with the
Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands on February 1, 2024. 

In connection with the Extension Proposal, the
Founder Share Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Proposal, the holders of 12,433,210 Class A ordinary shares, properly exercised
their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.78 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount
of 134,059,215. The payments for these redemptions took place on February 27, 2024, after which 24,629,032 remained in the Company s
Trust Account. As a result of the Extension Proposal being approved by the Company s shareholders, the Original Sponsor, or its
designee is were no longer required to make monthly payments to the Company equal to the lesser of (a) an aggregate of 225,000 or (b)
 0.03 per public share that remains outstanding On August 2, 2023, September 7, 2023, October 10, 2023, November 10, 2023, January 10,
2024, and January 25, 2024 225,000, or 1,350,000 in the aggregate, was deposited into the Company s Trust Account. 

To cover these monthly payments and other associated
operating expenses, on January 3, 2024, the Company, the Sponsor and Palmeira Investment Limited (the Investor entered
into a subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement ), pursuant to which the Sponsor may raise up to 1,500,000 from
the Investor to fund extension payments and working capital for the Company, including 225,000 upon the execution of the Subscription
Agreement, 225,000 on February 1, 2024, and as otherwise called by the Sponsor in its discretion. At the closing of the Company s
initial business combination, the Sponsor will forfeit 0.85 Class B shares, and the Company will issue an equal number of shares of its
common stock to the Investor, for each dollar funded by the Investor pursuant to the Subscription Agreement. If the Company s initial
business combination does not occur, the Sponsor will not forfeit any shares. 

Letter of Intent and Business Combination Agreement 

On July 26, 2023, the Company signed a non-binding
letter-of-intent LOI for a business combination with Glowforge Inc. Glowforge ), creator of award-winning
3D laser printers. 

26 

Under the terms of the LOI, the Company would
become a combined entity with Glowforge, with Glowforge s existing equity holders rolling 100 of their equity into the combined
public company. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the LOI was terminated. 

On August 22, 2024, the Company entered into a
business combination agreement with corporation formed under the Laws of the Province of British Columbia Pubco ), and Tactical
Resources Corp., a corporation formed under the Laws of the Province of British Columbia, pursuant to which the Company will amalgamate
pursuant to a Plan of Arrangement under the Business Corporations Act of British Columbia BCBCA to form one corporate entity,
except that the legal existence of Pubco will not cease and Pubco will survive the amalgamation, following its redomicile into the Province
of British Columbia, Canada. The business combination agreement and related executed agreements included supporting agreements are more
fully described and filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 22, 2024. 

Purchase Agreement 

On December 27, 2023, the Company, the Original
Sponsor and the Sponsor entered into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which, at a closing on December
28, 2023 (the Closing ), the Sponsor (i) purchased 3,902,648 founder units of the Company from the Original Sponsor, each
unit consisting of one Class B ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant to acquire one Class B share, which Founder Units
are subject to forfeiture in certain circumstances, and (ii) became entitled to 70 of 2,030,860 Founder Units that the Original Sponsor
placed in escrow at the Closing to the extent such Founder Units are allocated to investors who hold and do not redeem their Class A ordinary
shares of the Company at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination, for an aggregate purchase price of 1. On January
26, 2024, the Company, the Original Sponsor, and the Sponsor entered into an amended purchase agreement (the Amended Purchase Agreement ),
to correct the number of shares that the Original Sponsor shall retain to be 665,000 Class A private placement units and 1,128,992 Class
B founder units. 

The Original Sponsor and the Sponsor each agreed
to pay 112,500 in extension contributions in each of December 2023 and January 2024. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Purchase
Agreement, the Original Sponsor agreed to pay, or cause its affiliates to pay, certain liabilities of the Company accrued and outstanding
as of the Closing and will deliver Founder Units to the Sponsor to the extent such liabilities are unsatisfied or the Original Sponsor s
obligation to make extension contributions is not satisfied. 

Following the Closing, the Original Sponsor has
no further obligations with respect to the Company and the Sponsor assumed all obligations relating to the Company, including, (i) to
cause the Company to file a proxy statement providing public investors of the Company with the option to accept a revised trust extension
arrangement or redeem their Class A ordinary shares and receive their pro rata share of the Company s Trust Account, (ii) to cause
the Company to satisfy all of its public reporting requirements as well as taking all action to cause the Company to remain listed on
Nasdaq, (iii) the payment of all extension contributions after January 2024 and working capital of the Company, at the discretion of the
Sponsor, and (iv) all other obligations of the Original Sponsor related to the Company. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 were organizational
activities and identifying a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after
the completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest and dividend income
on cash and investments held after the Initial Public Offering. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial
reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended June 30, 2024, we recorded
net income of 407,059, which resulted from a gain on fair value of warrant liability of 723,550, and interest and dividend income on
investments held in the Trust Account of 283,319, partially offset by operating and formation costs of 599,810. 

For the three months ended June 30, 2023, we recorded
net income of 3,943,986, which resulted from interest and dividend income on investments held in the Trust Account in the amount of 3,453,154,
a gain on fair value of warrant liability of 844,141, and interest income on the bank account of 617, partially offset by operating
and formation costs of 353,926. 

27 

For the six months ended June 30, 2024, we recorded
net income of 258,823, which resulted from interest and dividend income on investments held in the Trust Account of 1,375,300, partially
offset by operating and formation costs of 995,885, and a loss on the changes in fair value of warrant liability of 120,592. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2023, we recorded
net income of 6,064,849, which resulted from interest and dividend income on investments held in the Trust Account in the amount of 6,493,944,
a gain on receivable related to potential business combination of 374,975, and interest income on the bank account of 624, partially
offset by operating and formation costs of 804,694. 

Liquidity, Going Concern and Capital Resources 

For the six months ended June 30, 2024, net cash
used in operating activities was 444,477, which resulted from interest and dividend income on the investments held in the Trust Account
of 1,375,300, partially offset by changes in working capital of 464,892, net income of 258,823, a gain on the changes in fair value
of the convertible promissory note - related party of 120,592, and stock-based compensation of 86,516. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2023, net cash
used in operating activities was 422,356, which was due to interest and dividend income on the investments held in the Trust Account
of 6,493,944, partially offset by net income of 6,064,849, and changes in working capital of 6,739. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2024, net cash
provided by investing activities was 133,609,215, which was due to cash withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay redeeming shareholders
of 134,059,215, partially offset by cash deposited into the Trust Account of 450,000. 

There were no cash flows from investing activities
for the six months ended June 30, 2023. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2024, net cash
used in financing activities was 133,115,348, which was due to payments of cash to redeeming shareholders of 134,059,215, partially
offset by proceeds for extension payments from the Old Sponsor of 225,000 and proceeds from Sponsor Promissory Notes related party (as
defined in Note 5) of 718,867. 

There were no cash flows from financing activities
for the six months ended June 30, 2023. 

As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
we had cash of 49,390 and 0 held outside the Trust Account. We will use these funds to primarily identify and evaluate prospective partner
businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective partner businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations
of prospective partner businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective
partner businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. 

We intend to use substantially all of the remaining
funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less taxes payable and deferred
underwriting commissions), to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest income (if any) to pay income taxes,
if any. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the Trust
Account. We expect the interest income earned on the amount in the Trust Account (if any) will be sufficient to pay our income taxes.
To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the
remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the prospective partner, make
other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or
certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business
combination, we may repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion
of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used
for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-business combination company at a price of
 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. The terms of such loans, if
any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business
combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates
as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to
funds in our Trust Account. As of December 31, 2023, the Original Sponsor has forgiven the funds loaned in connection with the Working
Capital Loan. 

28 

We have incurred and expect to continue to incur
significant costs in pursuit of our initial business combination. As such, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business
through one year from the date that these unaudited condensed financial statements are filed, if we do not complete a business combination
prior to such date. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become
obligated to redeem a significant number of Public Shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could
acquire with the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants and may as a result be required to seek additional
financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only
complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account.
In addition, following our business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order
to meet our obligations. 

As of June 30, 2024, we had 49,390 in cash
held outside of the Trust Account and a working capital deficit of 1,109,289, which may not be sufficient for us to operate for at least
the next 12 months from the issuance of these unaudited condensed financial statements. The Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or
certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required under the Working
Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5). There is no assurance that our attempts to find a partner for an initial Business Combination will
be successful or successful within the Combination Period or that the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s
officers and directors will loan the Company funds as may be required under the Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5 of the accompanying
unaudited condensed financial statements). In August 2023, we entered into a 1,500,000 Working Capital Loan (as defined in Note 5) with
APTM Sponsor Sub LLC to help cover monthly Trust Account contributions and other working capital needs. There is no guarantee that these
funds will be sufficient to support all of our working capital needs. 

The Company will have until January 30, 2025
to complete a Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated by January 30, 2025 there will be a mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution of the Company. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40 Presentation
of Financial Statements- Going Concern , management has determined the factors disclosed above including the January 30, 2025
Combination Period deadline raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through one year
from the date that these unaudited condensed financial statements are filed. These unaudited condensed financial statements do not include
any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as of June 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement 

The holders of the Founder Units, Private Placement
Units, warrants underlying the Founder Units and Private Placement Units (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of
the warrants underlying the Founder Units) have registration and shareholder rights to require us to register a sale of any of its securities
held by them pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering.
The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding re-sale demands, that we register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to the completion of an initial Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

29 

Underwriting Agreement 

We granted the underwriters a 45-day option to
purchase up to 3,750,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments at the IPO price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
On August 5, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 3,250,000 Units at an
offering price of 10.00 per Unit for an aggregate purchase price of 32,500,000. On September 11, 2021, the remaining option expired. 

The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting
discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 5,650,000 in the aggregate, upon the closing of the IPO and partial exercise of the over-allotment option.
In addition, 0.35 per unit, or 9,887,500 in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions.
On December 27, 2023, the underwriters agreed to waive their rights to their portion of the fee payable by the Company for deferred underwriting
commissions, with respect to any potential business combination of the Company. Of the total 9,887,500 waived fee, 9,551,325 was recorded
as a reduction to accumulated deficit and 336,175 was recorded as a gain on the waiver of deferred underwriting commissions by underwriters
in the consolidated statements of operations, following a manner consistent with the original allocation of the deferred underwriting
fees. 

Subscription and Sponsor Promissory Note Agreement 

On January 3, 2024, the Company, the Sponsor and
Investor entered into a Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which the Sponsor may raise up to 1,500,000 from the Investor to fund extension
payments to the Trust Account and working capital for the Company, including 250,000 upon the execution of the Subscription Agreement
and 250,000 on February 20, 2024 and as otherwise called by the Sponsor in its discretion. At the closing of the Company s initial
Business Combination, the Sponsor will forfeit 0.85 Class B shares, and the Company will issue an equal number of shares of its common
stock to the Investor, for each dollar funded by the Investor pursuant to the Subscription Agreement. If the Company s initial Business
Combination does not occur, the Sponsor will not forfeit any shares. 

In July 2024, the Company entered into a promissory
note with the Sponsor (the Sponsor Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Sponsor may loan up to 1,500,000 to the Company.
The funds that will be loaned to the Company under the Sponsor Promissory Note consist of a portion of the up to 1,500,000 that was loan
to the Sponsor by the Investor. If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Sponsor Promissory Note.
In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay
the Sponsor Promissory Note. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the Company at a price of 1.50 per warrant
at the option of the Sponsor. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

The outstanding balance under the Subscription
Agreement as of June 30, 2024 was 718,867. This balance includes deposits made into the Trust Account by the Sponsor of 112,500
on January 9, 2024 and January 24, 2024, payments made by the Sponsor on behalf of the Company totaling 243,867, and a loan draw of 250,000
on March 28, 2024 and May 6, 2024. Through the date of filing there have been no additional payments made or additional draws on the loan. 

Non-Redemption Agreements 

On January 17, 2024, January 23, 2024, and January
24, 2024, the Company and the Sponsor entered into non-redemption agreements (each, a Non-Redemption Agreement with one
or more unaffiliated third party or parties (the Investors in exchange for each such third party or third parties agreeing
not to redeem certain public Class A ordinary shares, 0.001 par value per share of the Company sold in its initial public offering (the
 Non-Redeemed Shares at the Adjourned Meeting. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed
Shares, the Sponsor will assign an economic interest in certain of its Founder Shares to the Investor at the rate of 1 Founder Share for
each 4 Non-Redeemed Shares. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of 331,180 Founder Shares transferrable to the Non-Redeeming
Shareholders pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreement to be 367,610 or 1.11 per share. The fair value was determined using a discount
for the probability of an Initial Business Combination of 10.95 and a discount of 5 for the lack of redemption rights and the value
per Founder Shares as of the valuation date of 10.71. The excess of the fair value of such Founder Shares was determined to be an offering
cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, in substance, the indirect economic interest in the Founder Shares
was recognized by the Company as a capital contribution in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5T by the Sponsor to induce
these Non-Redeeming Stockholders not to redeem the Non-Redeemed Shares, with a corresponding charge to additional paid-in capital to recognize
the fair value of the Founder Shares subject to transfer as an offering cost. 

30 

Consulting Agreement - Stock Based Compensation 

On February 12, 2024, the Sponsor entered into
an independent contractor agreement and securities transfer agreement concurrently with the Company s Chief Financial Officer, for
services related to due diligence of potential business combination partners and assisting with the negotiation and closing of an initial
business combination for the Company. The Chief Financial Officer is entitled to receive a fee for service of 12,500 paid in amounts
of 6,250 semi-monthly until the Company completes its initial business combination. These payments will be recorded as operating expenses
of the Company. Additionally, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer 365,000 Founder Shares and 175,000 Founder Warrants of the Company to
the Chief Financial Officer. At the earlier of the termination of the agreement and an initial business combination, the Chief Financial
Officer has agreed to surrender a portion of the Class B ordinary shares based on the cash compensation paid multiplied by 1.5, up to
a maximum of 165,000 Founder Shares. Lastly, the Chief Financial Officer shall be paid a success fee of 50,000 that is contingent upon
the closing of the initial business combination. The compensation expense related to the Founder Share transfer will be amortized on a
straight-line basis from the grant date of February 12, 2024 (the date at which the independent contractor agreement was signed, and the
date at which all parties reached a mutual understanding of the key terms and conditions of the share-based payment) to November 1, 2024
(vesting period of 8 months). Such Investment Advisory Agreement was accounted for under ASC 718. 

Promissory Notes - Related Party 

In July, 2024, we entered into a promissory note
with Mercury Capital (the Sponsor Promissory Note ). The principal balance of this Note shall be payable by Maker on the
date on which the Maker consummates an initial business combination (the Business Combination ). The principal balance may
be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder
of Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities of Maker hereunder. If the Maker has not consummated a Business Combination
by the date provided in Article 49.7 of the Maker s Amended and Restated Articles of Association, as may be amended and restated
from time to time (the Articles ), then any obligation of the Maker to repay the principal balance of this Note shall be
discharged in full and deemed forgiven by Payee. No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of condensed financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the unaudited condensed financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could
materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

31 

Net Income Per Ordinary Share 

Net income per ordinary share is computed by dividing
net income by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class
A ordinary shares is excluded from net income per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Therefore, the income per share
calculation allocates income shared pro rata between Class A and Class B ordinary shares. As a result, the calculated net income per share
is the same for Class A and Class B ordinary shares. We have not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the IPO, Private Placement,
warrants included in the founder units issued to our Original Sponsor to purchase an aggregate of 12,059,166 shares, or the effects of
the 479,245 warrants that would be issuable upon conversion of the Subscription Agreement (as defined in Note 5) in the calculation of
diluted income per share, because the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. The Private Placement
Shares (as defined in Note 4) that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loan are issuable at the option of the holder. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Redemption 

All of the 28,250,000 Class A ordinary shares
sold as part of the units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection
with our liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with
certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In accordance with SEC and its
staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ), redemption provisions not solely within our control require
ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all Public Shares have been classified
outside of permanent equity. In connection with the July Extraordinary General Meeting, the holders of 13,532,591 Class A ordinary shares,
properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.41 per share, for an aggregate
redemption amount of approximately 140,838,808. After those redemptions, approximately 153,169,659 remained in the Company s trust
account. Therefore, all Public Shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. On January 29, 2024, 12,433,210 Class A ordinary
shares were tendered for redemption by shareholders for a total value of 134,059,215. The payments for these redemptions took place on
February 27, 2024, after which 24,629,032 remained in the Company s Trust Account, after which 2,284,199 Class A ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption remained outstanding. 

We recognize changes in redemption value immediately
as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting
period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in
capital and accumulated deficit. 

Promissory Note - Related Party 

We account for the Working Capital Loan (as defined
in Note 5) under ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). We have made the election under ASC 815-15-25
to account for the Working Capital Loan under the fair value option. As of June 30, 2024, there was no principal amount outstanding
under the Working Capital Loan, as the Working Capital Loan was forgiven by the Sponsor. The aggregate fair value of the Working Capital
Loan upon issuance was 219,441. The aggregate fair value of the Working Capital Loan was 123,500 upon forgiveness. The Working Capital
Loan was forgiven by the Sponsor on December 27, 2023. We account for the Sponsor Promissory Note (as defined in Note 5) at amortized
cost. Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any issuance costs and any discount or premium on settlement. The outstanding
balance under the Sponsor Promissory Note as of June 30, 2024 was 718,867. 

Warrant Liabilities 

We account for warrants as either equity-classified
or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance
in ASC 480 and ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are
freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants
meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s
own ordinary shares, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment,
is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

32 

For issued or modified warrants that meet all
of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the
time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required
to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair
value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the condensed statements of operations. The initial fair value of the
Public Warrants (as defined in Note 3) was estimated using a binomial/lattice model and the initial and subsequent fair value of the Founder
Warrants (as defined in Note 5) and Private Placement Warrants (as defined in Note 4) was estimated using a Black-Scholes Option Pricing
Model (see Note 9). Due to the options pricing model not producing a meaningful volatility for the Founder Warrants and Private Placement
Warrants as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Founder Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were set
equal to the fair value of the Public Warrants. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), which requires us
to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, costs and expenses and related disclosures.
Our critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of uncertainty at the time the estimate was made,
and changes in them have had or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Accordingly,
actual results could differ materially from our estimates. We base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe
are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. Our most critical accounting estimate includes
determining the accruals associated with third party providers, the valuation of the Public and Private Placement Warrants, and the valuation
of Founder Shares that will be issued in relation to the Non-Redemption Agreements and the consulting agreement. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

On December 14, 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ASU 2023-09 ), which is intended to enhance the transparency
and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2023-09 address investor requests for enhanced income tax information
primarily through changes to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid information. The update will be effective for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2024, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on
its unaudited condensed financial statements and related disclosures. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

This item is not applicable as we are a smaller
reporting company. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. The Company identified a material weakness in internal controls related to the compliance with an agreement we entered
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, and the recording of necessary accruals in relation to that agreement. Additionally, the
Company identified a material weakness in internal controls in relation to the proper accrual of fees owed to other vendors during the
quarter ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2024. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under
the Exchange Act) were not effective, as of June 30, 2024, due to the existence of the material weakness noted above. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

During the most recently completed fiscal quarter,
there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We will
expand and improve our review process for complex agreements and the corresponding complex accounting requirements We plan to further
improve our processes by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals to consult regarding complex
accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement the existing accounting
professionals. We additionally plan to enhance our communication with vendors around necessary accruals. 

33 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As of the
date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC on July 1, 2024. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material
adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional
risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

. 

34 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated August 22, 2024, by and among Plum Acquisition Corp. III, Plum III Amalco Corp., Plum III Merger Corp., and Tactical Resources Corp.(1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished. 

(1) Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 23, 2024. 

35 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Plum Acquisition Corp. III 

Date: October 4, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Kanishka Roy 

Kanishka Roy 

Chief Executive Officer 

Plum Acquisition Corp. III 

Date: October 4, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Steven Handwerker 

Steven Handwerker 

Chief Financial Officer 

36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021618101ex31-1_plum3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer
Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Kanishka Roy, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024, of Plum Acquisition Corp. III; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for
the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
which involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 4, 2024 

/s/ Kanishka Roy 

Kanishka Roy 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021618101ex31-2_plum3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer
Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Steven Handwerker, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024, of Plum Acquisition Corp. III; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for
the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
which involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 4, 2024 

/s/ Steven Handwerker 

Steven Handwerker 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021618101ex32-1_plum3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Plum Acquisition Corp. III (the Company for the period ended June 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Quarterly Report ), I, Kanishka Roy, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that to my knowledge: 

1.the Quarterly Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.the information contained
in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 4, 2024 

/s/ Kanishka Roy 

Kanishka Roy 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021618101ex32-2_plum3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Plum Acquisition Corp. III (the Company for the period ended June 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Quarterly Report ), I, Steven Handwerker, Chief Financial Officer (Principal
Financial Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1.the Quarterly Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.the information contained
in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 4, 2024 

/s/ Steven Handwerker 

Steven Handwerker 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 aptm-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 aptm-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 aptm-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 aptm-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 aptm-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

