<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1745078_0001079973-24-001545.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4516913</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>59330</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>790124</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1324861</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>976543</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1254751</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-24-001545.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160551
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-24-001545
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vynleads, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001745078
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				474584272
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-227499
		FILM NUMBER:		241461931

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		596 HERRONS FERRY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 301
		CITY:			ROCK HILL
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29730
		BUSINESS PHONE:		845-745-0981

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		596 HERRONS FERRY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 301
		CITY:			ROCK HILL
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29730

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-24-001545.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 vynd_10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction 
 
 (Commission 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 File Number) 
 
 Identification No.) 

Address of Principal Executive Office: , , , 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

 As of November 14, 2024, the registrant had shares of common
stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 None. 

Vynleads, Inc. 

FORM 10-Q 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 2 

Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 2 

Statements of Operations Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 

Statements of Stockholders Deficit Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Statements of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 

Notes to the Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 6 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 22 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 22 

PART II 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 23 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 23 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 23 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 24 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 24 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

Vynleads, Inc. 

 Balance Sheets 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current
 Assets: 

Cash 

Holdback
 receivable from merchant, net of reserve for refunds of and , respectively 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current
 Liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Notes
 payable 

Notes
 payable - related party 

Total
 current liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies (See Note 6) 

Stockholders'
 Deficit: 

Preferred
 stock; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common
 stock; par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30,
 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders' deficit 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited financial statements. 

1 

Vynleads, Inc. 

 Statements of Operations 

 (Unaudited) 

For the three months ended 
 For the nine months ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue, net of refunds and chargebacks 

Cost and Expenses 

Cost of revenue 

Gross Loss 

Operating Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other Income (Expenses) from operations 

Gain on credit card settlement 

Interest expense 

Total Other Income (Expenses), net 

Net loss before provision for income taxes 

Income Taxes 

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS: BASIC AND DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited financial statements. 

2 

Vynleads, Inc. 

 Statements of Stockholders' Deficit 

 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,
2024 and 2023 

 (Unaudited) 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

In Kind Contribution of Services 

Net Loss for the three months ended March 31, 2023 

Balance at March 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 

In Kind Contribution of Services 

Net Loss for the three months ended June 30, 2023 

Balance at June 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 

In Kind Contribution of Services 

Net Loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023 

Balance at September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 

Balance at December 31, 2023 

In Kind Contribution of Services 

Net Loss for the three months ended March 31, 2024 

Balance at March 31, 2024 (Unaudited) 

In Kind Contribution of Services 

Net Loss for the three months ended June 30, 2024 

Balance at June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

Sale of common stock 

In Kind Contribution of Services 

Net Loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 

Balance at September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited financial statements. 

3 

Vynleads, Inc. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows used in operating activities 

Gain on credit card settlement 

In kind contribution of services 

Decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

(Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash flows used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from notes payable related party 

Payment of notes payable 

Repayment of PPP Loan 

Sale of common stock 

Net cash flows provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Income taxes paid 

Interest paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited financial statements. 

4 

VYNLEADS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 September 30, 2024 

 (UNAUDITED) 

and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had a negative working capital of and an accumulated deficit of .
As a result, management believes that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Despite our current expense,
cash flow projections, and aggregate cash and holdback receivable from our merchant, net of reserve for refunds, of , we will require
substantial funds to expand service and product offerings into additional areas, market and promote our services and product offerings;
and develop and grow our infrastructure and corporate organization. Our capital requirements depend on numerous factors, including but
not limited to our ability to generate sufficient revenues to pay our operating expenses. 

Our ability to meet our current
and projected obligations depends on our ability to generate sufficient sales and to control expenses and will require that we seek additional
capital through private and/or public financing sources. There can be no assurances that we will achieve our forecasted financial results
or that we will be able to raise additional capital to operate our business. Any such failure would have a material adverse impact on
our liquidity and financial condition and could force us to curtail or discontinue operations entirely and could require us to file for
protection under bankruptcy laws. These conditions raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome from this uncertainty. 

and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Nutritional supplements 

Nine months ended 

September 30, 

(Unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Internet content subscriptions 

Nutritional supplements 

and shares for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Expected Volatility. The expected volatility
is a measure of the amount by which our stock price is expected to fluctuate during the expected term of options granted. We determine
the expected volatility solely based upon the historical volatility of our common stock over a period commensurate with the option s
expected term. We do not believe that the future volatility of our common stock over an option s expected term is likely to differ
significantly from the past. 

Risk-Free Interest Rate. The risk-free interest
rate is the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the option s expected term
on the grant date. 

Expected Term. For option grants subsequent
to the adoption of the fair value recognition provisions of the accounting standards, the expected life of stock options granted is based
on the actual vesting date and the end of the contractual term. 

Gr a nt
Date Price of Common S to c k. T h e
closing m a rk e t pri c e
of our comm o n stock on t h e d a te
of g ra n t. 

, interest accrues per annum, unsecured, and Accrued interest as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 is and , respectively. 

On March 16, 2021, the Company executed a note payable
to Mr. Sergei Stetsenko, a member of our Board of Directors, in the amount of , interest accrues at per annum, unsecured, and
 Accrued interest as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 is and respectively. This note is currently
in default. 

On June 14, 2018, we entered into an employment agreement
with Mr. Mannine pursuant to which he was engaged to serve as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Mannine s compensation includes a
grant of year options to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of per share, which vested upon the
effectiveness of the registration statement on December 7, 2018. 

On September 21, 2020, Mr. Mannine voluntarily agreed
to cancel the employment agreement and waive all cash due and any related accruals. During the six months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, and , respectively, is recorded as in-kind contribution of service provided by Mr. Mannine (See Notes 6 and 8). 

On May 21, 2018, we entered into an Amended and Restated
Strategic Financing Corporate Development Agreement with CRG which was amended and restated an earlier agreement entered into in
October 2017. We have engaged this company to serve as our non-exclusive strategic financing and corporate development services provider
and to render certain advice and services to us as we may reasonably request concerning equity or debt financings, strategic planning,
merger and acquisition possibilities, and business development activities. The scope of services under this agreement also includes introducing
us to one or more non-U.S. persons, as that term is defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, in connection with possible debt
or equity financings or potential lenders. The initial term of the agreement expired in May 2020, but pursuant to the terms of the agreement,
renews automatically for one-year periods unless notice of non-renewal is provided by either party at least 30 days prior to the renewal
term commencement. The agreement was renewed until May 2023. 

As compensation under the terms of this agreement,
we agreed to pay CRG Finance AG certain fees for transactions which are consummated during the term of the agreement and for a one year
period following the termination of the agreement, including: 

a fee equal to 7 of the proceeds received by us plus a warrant exercisable into 7 of the shares of our common stock at the offering price of our shares for sales by us of equity or equity-linked securities to non-U.S. Persons introduced to us by CRG Finance AG; 

a fee equal to 1 of the total gross cash proceeds or non-cash consideration received by us, together with a five year warrant exercisable into 1 of the securities issued or to be issued by us in a business combination with a non-U.S. person first introduced to us by CRG Finance AG; 

a fee equal to 1 of consideration received by us in any debt financing not convertible into equity, including, but not limited to, a revolving credit line or credit enhancement instrument, including on an insured or guarantee basis, with a non-U.S. Person first introduced to us by CRG Finance AG; and 

a fee equal to 2 of any revenue-producing contract, fee-sharing arrangement, licensing, royalty or similar agreement with a non-U.S. Person first introduced to us by CRG Finance AG. 

In addition to the foregoing fees, we have agreed
to reimburse CRG Finance AG for its pre-approved out of pocket expenses it incurs under the terms of the agreement. The agreement contains
customary confidentiality and indemnification provisions. 

On January 23, 2024, Mr. Sergei Stetsenko sold 
shares of common stock to Christos Livadas, Director of Weiser Global Capital, who is a current debt holder of notes payable. Effective
January 23, 2024, notes payable associated to Christos Livadas, Weiser Global Capital, or WG Capital, are reflected as related party debt. 

Note Payable (b) 

Note Payable (c) 

Note Payable (d) 

Note Payable (e) 

Note Payable (f) 

Note Payable (g) 

Note Payable (h) 

Note Payable (i) 

Note Payable (j) 

Note Payable (k) 

Note Payable (l) 

Note Payable (m) 

Note Payable (n) 

Note Payable (o) 

Note Payable (p) 

Note Payable (q) 

Note Payable (r) 

Note Payable (s) 

Note Payable (t) 

Note Payable (u) 

Note Payable (v) 

Note Payable (w) 

Note Payable (x) 

Balance 

Less current portion 
 
 ) 

) 

Total long-term 

Currently in default 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

(f) 

(g) 

(h) 

(i) 

(j) 

(k) 

(l) 

(m) 

(n) 

(o) 

(p) 

(q) 

(r) 

(s) 

(t) 

(u) 

(v) 

(w) 

(x) 

The following table summarizes notes payable, related parties as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

Note Payable (RP) (z) 

Balance 

Less current portion 

Total long- term 

Currently in default 

(y) 

(z) 

The Company had total
accrued interest for related party and non-related party notes payable of 
and 
which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

, subject to an annual review with an increase of at least 5 per annum as determined by the board of directors; 

an annual bonus as determined by the board of directors; 

a grant of -year options to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of per share which vest upon the effectiveness of a registration statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

participation in all benefit plans we may offer our employees; and 

20 paid vacation days annually. 

Mr. Mannine's employment agreement may be terminated,
and he is entitled to certain payments upon such termination, as follows: 

if we should terminate Mr. Mannine s employment without cause or if he should resign for good reason" or if a change of control occurs, we are obligated to pay him a lump-sum severance payment equal to the sum of three months base salary, plus one month for every year he was employed and 50 of three years annual bonus (based on the prior year s compensation); 

if Mr. Mannine s employment is terminated as a result of his death or disability, he is entitled to receive his base salary and a pro-rata annual bonus, if any, based on the year during which such termination is effective; or 

if we should terminate Mr. Mannine for cause, or if he voluntarily terminates the agreement, he is entitled to receive his base salary only through the date of termination, and he is not be entitled to any other compensation for the calendar year during which the termination occurs or any subsequent calendar period, including, but not limited to, any annual bonus, if any, that has not already been paid. 

The employment agreement with Mr. Mannine contains
customary confidentiality, non-compete and indemnification clauses. 

On September 21, 2020, Mr. Mannine voluntarily agreed
to cancel the employment agreement and waive all cash due and any related accruals. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
 and , respectively, is recorded as in-kind contribution of service provided by Mr. Mannine (See Notes 4 and 8). 

Commitments 

On May 21, 2018, we entered into an Amended and Restated
Strategic Financing Corporate Development Agreement with CRG which was amended and restated an earlier agreement entered into in
October 2017. We have engaged this company to serve as our non-exclusive strategic financing and corporate development services provider
and to render certain advice and services to us as we may reasonably request concerning equity or debt financings, strategic planning,
merger and acquisition possibilities, and business development activities. The scope of services under this agreement also includes introducing
us to one or more non-U.S. persons, as that term is defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, in connection with possible debt
or equity financings or potential lenders. The initial term of the agreement expired in May 2019, but pursuant to the terms of the agreement,
renews automatically for one-year periods unless notice of non-renewal is provided by either party at least 30 days prior to the renewal
term commencement. The agreement expired in May 2024. 

As compensation under the terms of this agreement,
we agreed to pay CRG Finance AG certain fees for transactions which are consummated during the term of the agreement and for a one year
period following the termination of the agreement, including: 

a fee equal to 7 of the proceeds received by us plus a warrant exercisable into 7 of the shares of our common stock at the offering price of our shares for sales by us of equity or equity-linked securities to non-U.S. Persons introduced to us by CRG Finance AG; 

a fee equal to 1 of the total gross cash proceeds or non-cash consideration received by us, together with a five year warrant exercisable into 1 of the securities issued or to be issued by us in a business combination with a non-U.S. person first introduced to us by CRG Finance AG; 

a fee equal to 1 of consideration received by us in any debt financing not convertible into equity, including, but not limited to, a revolving credit line or credit enhancement instrument, including on an insured or guarantee basis, with a non-U.S. Person first introduced to us by CRG Finance AG; and 

a fee equal to 2 of any revenue-producing contract, fee-sharing arrangement, licensing, royalty or similar agreement with a non-U.S. Person first introduced to us by CRG Finance AG. 

In
addition to the foregoing fees, we have agreed to reimburse CRG Finance AG for its pre-approved out of pocket expenses it incurs under
the terms of the agreement. The agreement contains customary confidentiality and indemnification provisions. 

Contingencies 

In April 2016, we entered into a Promotion and Royalty
Agreement (the Agreement with a consultant to obtain certain promotional services from him (the Promoter ),
including the use of his name and appearance. In consideration for the services rendered by the Promoter, we agreed to use commercially
reasonable efforts to promote and sell a book authored by him (the Book and to pay him a percentage of the sales of the
Book after deductions for all direct costs of fulfilling such sales (the Royalty ). During the course of 2017, the Promoter
initiated a series of informal claims and filed unauthorized uniform commercial code financing statements UCC Liens in
several states as liens against us and certain of our officers, directors, and founders, alleging non-payment for the Royalty amounts
due under the Agreement. We dispute the Promoter s claims and have determined that any and all amounts due to the Promoter under
the Agreement have been paid in full. We have succeeded in removing certain of the UCC Liens and are pursuing action to remove the remaining
unauthorized UCC Liens. We do not believe that the claims of the Promoter are valid in any respect. 

. American Express agreed to forgive the remaining
balance if a one-time payment of was paid. The Company paid the settlement amount and the forgiveness of this debt resulted in
a one-time gain recognized in the Company s financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of . 

shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of blank check preferred stock, par value per share.
As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there are and shares
of common stock outstanding and there are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding at either date. 

Contributed Capital 

 On
September 21, 2020, Mr. Mannine voluntarily agreed to cancel his employment agreement and waive all cash due and any related accruals.
The salary forgiven for the nine months ended September 30, 202 4 and 2023 of and 
is treated as in-kind contribution of service and reflected as contributed capital in the financial statements (See notes 4 and 8). 

Common Stock 

 During the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued 
shares of common stock for 
for per share. 

Preferred Stock 

 Our board of directors,
without further stockholder approval, may issue preferred stock in one or more series from time to time and fix or alter the designations,
relative rights, priorities, preferences, qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the shares of each series. The rights, preferences,
limitations and restrictions of different series of preferred stock may differ with respect to dividend rates, amounts payable on liquidation,
voting rights, conversion rights, redemption provisions, sinking fund provisions and other matters. Our board of directors may authorize
the issuance of preferred stock, which ranks senior to our common stock for the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets on
liquidation. In addition, our board of directors can fix limitations and restrictions, if any, upon the payment of dividends on both classes
of our common stock to be effective while any shares of preferred stock are outstanding. 

Warrants 

On October 10, 2017, we entered
into the Financing Agreement with CRG, as more fully described in Notes 4 and 8. In connection with the related equity financing as of
December 31, 2017, CRG had earned fully vested five-year warrants with an exercise price of . The related warrants were
issued in January 2018. We determined that the warrant had an initial fair value of and was recorded as a direct offering cost
in Stockholders equity with a net effect of zero. We estimated the fair value of this warrant using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model, based on the following assumptions: the recent cash offering price of as the estimated fair value of the underlying common
stock at the valuation measurement date; no dividend yield for all of the years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rate of
 and an expected life of years. The warrants expired as of March 31, 2023. 

During January 2018, as part
of the Private Placement more fully described in Note 4, CRG earned an additional fully vested common stock warrants with an exercise
price of . These additional warrants were issued to CRG on January 30, 2018. We determined that the warrant had an initial fair
value of and was recorded as a direct offering cost in Stockholders equity with a net effect of zero. We estimated the fair
value of this warrant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, based on the following assumptions: the recent cash offering price
of as the estimated fair value of the underlying common stock at the valuation measurement date; no dividend yield for all of the
years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rate of and an expected life of years. The warrants expired as of March
31, 2023. 

On March 8, 2018, we entered
into an advisory agreement with a scientific advisor to provide certain services to us. Pursuant to the agreement, we issued five-year
common stock warrants at an exercise price of . Such warrants vest subject to certain milestones. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31 2023, and of these warrants have been vested. We determined that the warrant had an initial fair value of . We estimated
the fair value of this warrant using the Black- Scholes option pricing model, based on the following assumptions: the recent cash offering
price of as the estimated fair value of the underlying common stock at the valuation measurement date; no dividend yield for all
of the years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rate of and an expected life of years. The warrants expired as of
March 31, 2023. 

As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, the intrinsic value for warrants outstanding and exercisable is and , respectively. 

The following table summarizes information about the
warrants outstanding and exercisable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31 2023: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, end of year 

Exercisable, end of year 

As of September 30, 2024, there were no outstanding
common stock warrants. 

shares
of our common stock for issuance under the 2017 Plan. Grants pursuant to the 2017 Plan may be: i) incentive stock options; ii) non-statutory
stock options; iii) stock awards, including shares of our common stock and stock units; and iv) stock appreciation rights. 

The board of directors or a committee of the board
of directors administers the 2017 Plan. Presently, the 2017 Plan is administered by our board of directors. The term of each plan option
and the manner in which it may be exercised is determined by the board of directors or a committee of the board of directors, provided
that no option may be exercisable more than 10 years after the date of its grant and, in the case of an incentive option granted to an
eligible employee owning more than 10 of the common stock, no more than five years after the date of the grant. The terms of grants or
any other type of award under the plan are determined by the board of directors or committee of the board of directors at the time of
grant. The 2017 Plan provides that the maximum value of any award during any calendar year cannot exceed 1,000,000. 

Any option granted under the
plan must provide for an exercise price of not less than 100 of the fair market value of the underlying shares on the date of grant,
but the exercise price of any ISO granted under the 2017 Plan to an eligible employee owning more than 10 of our outstanding common stock
must not be less than 110 of fair market value on the date of the grant. The 2017 Plan further provides that with respect to ISOs the
aggregate fair market value of the common stock underlying the options which are exercisable by any plan participant during any calendar
year cannot exceed 100,000. Option awards may provide for the exercise by means of cash, consideration received by us under a broker-assisted
sale and remittance program, cashless exercise, any other consideration legally permitted, or a combination of the foregoing. The 2017
Plan administrator may also determine the method of payment of the exercise price at the time the option is being exercised. Grants under
the 2017 Plan are not transferable. 

Generally, options which are
exercisable at the date of the plan participant s termination from our employment or severance of the relationship with our company
must be exercised within three months of the termination date; the plan administrator may extend the exercise period of the option for
a separated plan participant providing that the extended date does not go beyond the original expiration date of the option. Similarly,
generally options which are exercisable at the date of the plan participant s disability or death must be exercised within six months
of the termination date in the event of the disability of the plan participant or 12 months following the plan participant s death.
In our discretion, any outstanding options held by a plan participant terminated for cause may be immediately canceled . 

In the event there is a change
in control of our company as defined in the 2017 Plan, as determined by the board of directors or the committee, we may in our
discretion: i) provide for the assumption or substitution of, or adjustment (including to the number and type of shares and exercise or
purchase price applicable) to, each outstanding award; ii) accelerate the vesting of options and terminate any restrictions on stock awards;
and/or iii) provide for termination of awards as a result of the change in control on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate,
including providing for the cancellation of awards for a cash or other payment to the participant. 

The number of shares of our common
stock underlying any outstanding but unexercised option and the exercise price of that option will be proportionally adjusted in the event
of a stock split, stock combinations, dividends, and similar corporate events. 

On June 14, 2018, pursuant to the employment agreement
with Mr. Mannine, more fully described in Note 8, we issued stock options with an exercise price of . Such options fully
vest upon the effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-1. We determined that the options had an initial fair value of .
We estimated the fair value of these options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, based on the following assumptions: the recent
cash offering price of 0.225 as the estimated fair value of the underlying common stock at the valuation measurement date; no dividend
yield for all of the years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rate of and an expected life of years. We amortized
the fair value over the period from their issuance on June 14, 2018 through December 7, 2018, the date on which the registration statement
was declared effective. 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the intrinsic value for option outstanding and exercisable is and , respectively. 

The following table summarizes information about
stock options outstanding and exercisable as of as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, end of period 

Exercisable, end of period 

Options available for future grant, end of period 

As of September 30, 2024 

As of December 31, 2023 

Options
 Outstanding 

Options
 Exercisable 

Range
 of 
 Exercise
 Price 

Number 
 Outstanding 

Remaining 
 Average 
 Contractual 
 Life
 (In Years) 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise
 Price 

Number 
 Exercisable 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise
 Price 

at an interest rate of . 

On
October 22, 2024, the Company executed a subscription agreement to an investor for a total offering of for
up to shares.
On October 22, 2024, an investor purchased shares
for a total of for per share. 

18 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this quarterly report. The following discussion contains
forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed
in the forward looking statements. Our financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with the
United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

Results of Operations 

The Company has incurred losses since inception resulting
in an accumulated deficit of 2,721,883 as of September 30, 2024. Our financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue
as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in operation. 

We will require additional capital to meet our short -
and long-term operating requirements. We expect to raise additional capital through, among other things, the sale of equity securities. 

Three and nine months
 ended September 30, 2024 2024 third quarter compared to the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2023 2023 third quarter 

Revenues 

Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and September 30, 2023 was 0. 

Costs and Expenses 

Total costs and operating expenses decreased by 5,422
or 3 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Total costs and operating expenses
decreased by 5,104 or 9 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease
in operating cost and expense was due to savings initiative to offset the decline in revenue. Our cost of revenue includes the cost of
the customer management system and merchant fees. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased
by 7,437 or 5 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Selling, general and
administrative expenses increased by 2,667 or 6 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September
30, 2023. The increase in selling, general and administration expenses is principally attributable
to increases in consulting and accounting expenses, legal expenses, office expenses and general expenses. 

Net Loss 

Our net loss for the nine months ended September 30,
2024 was 197,545 compared to 203,054 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our net loss decrease is attributable to the decrease
in Cost of revenue and gain on credit card settlement that was offset by an increase in Selling, general and administrative expenses. 

19 

Liquidity and capital resources 

Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate
sufficient cash to satisfy its needs for cash. The following table summarizes our total current assets, total current liabilities and
working capital deficit at September 30, 2024 as compared to December 31, 2023. 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(unaudited) 

Total current assets 
 13,962 
 36,405 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 867,933 
 805,331 
 
 Working capital deficit 
 (853,971 
 (768,926 

The reduction in total current assets between the
periods primarily reflects a reduction in cash and decrease in prepaid expenses. The increase
in total current liabilities reflects an increase in notes payable . We do not have any capital
commitments and do not have any external sources of working capital available. 

Going concern and management s liquidity
plans 

We have experienced recurring operating losses and
negative operating cash flows and have financed our recent working capital requirements primarily through the issuance of equity securities.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
we have reported net losses of 197,545 and 203,054 respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had a working capital deficit
 of 853,971, our accumulated deficit was 2,721,883. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. Our unaudited Financial Statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. The accompanying Financial Statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of
assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. There are no assurances we will be successful in our efforts
to report profitable operations or to continue as a going concern, in which event investors would lose their entire investment in our
company. 

Our ability to continue to grow our business is dependent
upon our ability to raise additional sufficient capital to fund our operating expenses, including advertising, until such time, if ever,
that we are able to report profitable operations, as well as for our short-term and long-term growth plans. We do not generate operating
income and we are presently are relying on cash we receive from the holdback receivable to pay our operating expenses. Our management
estimates that we require approximately 5,500,000 in additional working capital during the next 12 months in order to meet our current
business objectives, including the development of new indicators for our Lifestyle Blueprint platform, the addition of print versions
of our DWD Protocol, expanding our supplement product line and additional subscription content offerings for our customers. This additional
working capital is also necessary to fund increases in our advertising and marketing costs, costs associated with the development of additional
infrastructure to support our expected growth, as well as funds to pay our operating expenses and general working capital. While we were
successful in raising funds privately during late 2017 and into the first quarter of 2018, and will seek to do so in future periods, we
do not have any firm commitments to provide any additional capital to us. There are no assurances we will be successful in securing the
additional capital necessary to grow our company and pay our operating expenses. Any delay in raising sufficient funds could adversely
impact our ability to continue to increase our revenues in future periods. In addition, if we are unable to raise the necessary additional
working capital, we may be forced to reduce certain operating expenses in an effort to conserve our working capital which will adversely
impact our revenues and results of operations in future periods and there are no assurances we could continue as a going concern. 

20 

Summary of cash flows 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

(unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (82,237 
 (111,891 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 66,906 
 111,390 

There was no net cash provided by or used in investing
activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Net cash provided by financing activities during the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 decrease reflects a decrease in the receipt of proceeds from notes payable. 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Information regarding our Commitments and Contingencies
is contained in Note 6 to the unaudited Condensed Financial Statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would be considered material to investors. 

Emerging Growth Company 

We are an emerging growth company, as
defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act , and we are permitted to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various public company reporting requirements, including not being required to have our internal controls over financial
reporting audited by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act , reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments.
We may take advantage of these exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. In addition, the JOBS Act provides
that an emerging growth company can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as 

 those standards apply to private companies. 

We have elected to use the extended transition period
for complying with new or revised accounting standards under the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised
accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies.
As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

We could remain an emerging growth company for up
to five years, or until the earliest of: 

the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1.07 billion; 

the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act , which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter; or 

the date we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period. 

At this time, we expect to remain an emerging growth
company until possibly as late as 2023. References herein to emerging growth company have the meaning associated with that
term in the JOBS Act. 

21 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within
the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our
management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report
to provide the reasonable assurance discussed above. 

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such
term is defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation
of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Company s management used the framework in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) to perform this evaluation. As a result of this assessment,
management identified a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or
a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The identified
material weakness is disclosed below: 

Due to the size of the Company and available resources, there are limited personnel to assist with the accounting and financial reporting function, which results in a lack of segregation of duties. 

As a
result of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described above, management concluded that, as of September
30, 2024, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on the criteria in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. Management notes that upon subsequent funding, the Company expects to have the
available resources in order to hire additional personnel to expand the finance and accounting department in order to mitigate the material
weakness noted above. 

This
quarterly report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. We were not required to have, nor have we, engaged our independent registered public accounting firm to perform
an audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to
provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange
Act that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

22 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

In 2016 we engaged a third party to provide
certain promotional services to us in connection with our business, including the use of his name and appearance, under the terms of a
five-year agreement. As compensation, we agreed to use our commercially reasonable efforts to promote and sell a book authored by him
and to pay him, as a royalty, a percentage of the sales of the book, after deductions for all direct costs of fulfilling such sales. During
2017 the third party initiated a series of informal claims and filed unauthorized uniform commercial code (UCC) financing statements in
several states against us and certain of our officers, directors, and founders, alleging non-payment of the royalty amounts. We dispute
all claims by the third party and believe that all royalty amounts due him have been paid in full. We are no longer selling the book authored
by him. We have succeeded in removing certain of the UCC liens and we are pursuing actions to remove the remaining unauthorized UCC lien. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

On October 25, 2023, the Company executed a
note payable to an individual in the amount of 20,000, interest accrues 5 per annum, unsecured, and due date one year after execution,
or the date in the which the company seems one million in total investment capital, whichever occurs first. This note is currently in
default. 

 On October 20, 2022, the Company executed a note payable
to an individual in the amount of 25,000, interest accrues 5 per annum, unsecured, and due date after one year of execution, or the
date in the which the company secures one million in total investment capital, whichever occurs first. 

On August 12, 2022, the Company executed a note payable
to an individual in the amount of 20,000, interest accrues 5 per annum, unsecured, and due date after one year of execution, or the
date in the which the company secures one million in total investment capital, whichever occurs first. 

On May 18, 2022,
the Company executed a note payable to an individual in the amount of 40,000, interest accrues at 5 per annum, unsecured, and due after
one year of execution, or the date in which the company secures one million dollars in total investment capital, whichever occurs first. 

On February
10, 2022, the Company executed a note payable to an individual in the amount of 20,000, interest accrues at 5 per annum, unsecured,
and due after one year of execution, or the date in which the company secures one million dollars in total investment capital, whichever
occurs first. This note is currently in default. 

On January 26,
2022, the Company executed a note payable to an individual in the amount of 20,000, interest accrues at 5 per annum, unsecured, and
due after one year of execution, or the date in which the Company secures one million dollars in total investment capital, whichever occurs
first . This note is currently in default. 

On December
1, 2021, the Company executed a note payable to an individual in the amount of 15,000, interest accrues at 5 per annum, unsecured, and
due after one year of execution, or the date in which the Company secures one million dollars in total investment capital, whichever occurs
first . This note is currently in default. 

On September
28, 2021, the Company executed a note payable to an individual in the amount of 50,000, interest accrues at 5 per annum, unsecured,
and due after one year of execution, or the date in which the Company secures one million dollars in total investment capital, whichever
occurs first . This note is currently in default. 

23 

On August 4,
2021, the Company executed a note payable to an individual in the amount of 15,000, interest accrues at 5 per annum, unsecured, and
due after six months of execution, or the date in which the Company secures one million dollars in total investment capital, whichever
occurs first . This note is currently in default. 

On May 10, 2021,
the Company executed a note payable to an individual in the amount of 20,000, interest accrues at 5 per annum, unsecured, and due after
six months of execution, or the date in which the Company secures one million dollars in total investment capital, whichever occurs first.
This note is currently in default. 

On April 15,
2021, the Company executed a note payable to an individual in the amount of 10,000, interest accrues at 5 per annum, unsecured, and
due after six months of execution, or the date in which the Company secures one million dollars in total investment capital, whichever
occurs first. This note is currently in default. 

On March 16, 2021, the Company executed a note payable
to Mr. Sergei Stetsenko, a member of our Board of Directors, in the amount of 15,000, interest accrues at 5 per annum, unsecured, and
due after six months of execution, or the date in which the Company secures one million dollars in total investment capital, whichever
occurs first. The note is currently in default. 

On December 17, 2020, the Company executed a note
payable to an individual in the amount of 19,500, interest accrues at 5 per annum, unsecured, and due after six months of execution,
or the date in which the Company secures one million dollars in total investment capital, whichever occurs first. This note is currently
in default. 

On October 27, 2020, the Company executed a note payable
to an individual in the amount of 10,000, interest accrues at 5 per annum, unsecured, and due after six months of execution, or the
date in which the Company secures one million dollars in total investment capital, whichever occurs first. This note is currently in default. 

On November 18, 2019, the Company executed a note
payable to an individual in the amount of 50,000, interest accrues at 5 per annum, unsecured, and due after six months of execution,
or the date in which the Company secures one million dollars in total investment capital, whichever occurs first. On May 14, 2020 1,250
of accrued interest was paid. This note is currently in default. 

On November 18, 2019, the Company executed a note
payable to an individual in the amount of 25,000, interest accrues at 5 per annum, unsecured, and due after six months of execution,
or the date in which the Company secures one million dollars in total investment capital, whichever occurs first. This note is currently
in default. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director
or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement ,
as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q: 

Exhibit 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Filed or 
Furnished 
 
 No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date Filed 
 
 Number 
 
 Herewith 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, principal executive officer, principal financial and accounting officer 

Filed 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, principal executive officer, principal financial and accounting officer 

Filed 

24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

By: 
 /s/ Alex J. Mannine 

Alex J. Mannine 
 Chief Executive Officer, director, principal executive
 officer, principal financial and accounting officer 
 November 14, 2024 

25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

 I, Alex J. Mannine, certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of Vynleads, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

 (a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 (b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 (d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 (a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Alex J. Mannine 

Alex J. Mannine, 
 Chief Executive Officer, principal executive officer,
 principal financial and accounting officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
of Vynleads, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Alex J. Mannine, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Alex J. Mannine 

Alex J. Mannine, 
 Chief Executive Officer, principal executive officer,
 principal financial and accounting officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 vynd-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 vynd-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 vynd-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 vynd-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

