<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1658566_0001658566-24-000109.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10386013</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>180505</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1621438</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3751782</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2486833</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2145138</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001658566-24-000109.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107160119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001658566-24-000109
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Permian Resources Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001658566
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				475381253
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37697
		FILM NUMBER:		241435374

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 N. MARIENFELD ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			MIDLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		432-695-4222

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 N. MARIENFELD ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			MIDLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Centennial Resource Development, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Silver Run Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151117

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001658566-24-000109.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 pr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

pr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 31, 2024, there were shares of total common stock outstanding, including 702,954,705 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 100,409,546 shares of Class C Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Glossary of Units of Measurements and Industry Terms 
 3 
 Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
 5 
 Part I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 8 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 12 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 16 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 58 
 Part II OTHER INFORMATION 
 58 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 58 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 58 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 59 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 59 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 60 
 Signatures 
 61 

Table of Contents 

GLOSSARY OF UNITS OF MEASUREMENTS AND INDUSTRY TERMS 
 Unless the context otherwise indicates, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Quarterly Report to Permian Resources, we, us, or our are references to Permian Resources Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Permian Resources Operating, LLC. 
 
 The following are abbreviations and definitions of certain terms used in this Quarterly Report, which are commonly used in the oil and natural gas industry: 
 Bbl . One stock tank barrel of 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume used herein in reference to crude oil, condensate or NGLs. 
 Bbl/d . One Bbl per day. 
 Boe . One barrel of oil equivalent, calculated by converting natural gas to oil equivalent barrels at a ratio of six Mcf of natural gas to one Bbl of oil. This is an energy content correlation and does not reflect a value or price relationship between the commodities. 
 Boe/d . One Boe per day. 
 Btu . One British thermal unit, which is the quantity of heat required to raise the temperature of a one-pound mass of water by one-degree Fahrenheit. 
 Completion . The process of preparing an oil and gas wellbore for production through the installation of permanent production equipment, as well as perforation and fracture stimulation to initiate production. 
 Development well . A well drilled within the proved area of an oil or natural gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive. 
 Differential . An adjustment to the price of oil or natural gas from an established spot market price to reflect differences in the quality, gathering, processing and transportation fees and location of oil or natural gas. 
 Exploratory well . A well drilled to find a new field or to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or natural gas in another reservoir. 
 Extension well. A well drilled to extend the limits of a known reservoir. 
 Field . An area consisting of a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on, or related to, the same individual geological structural feature or stratigraphic condition. The field name refers to the surface area, although it may refer to both the surface and the underground productive formations. 
 Formation . A layer of rock which has distinct characteristics that differs from nearby rock. 
 Henry Hub price. A natural gas benchmark price quoted at settlement date average. 
 Horizontal drilling . A drilling technique used in certain formations where a well is drilled vertically to a certain depth and then drilled at a right angle within a specified interval. 
 ICE Brent . Brent crude oil traded on the Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (ICE). 
 MBbl . One thousand barrels of crude oil, condensate or NGLs. 
 MBoe . One thousand Boe. 
 Mcf . One thousand cubic feet of natural gas. 
 Mcf/d . One Mcf per day. 
 MMBtu . One million British thermal units. 
 MMcf . One million cubic feet of natural gas. 
 NGL. Natural gas liquids. These are naturally occurring substances found in natural gas, including ethane, butane, isobutane, propane and natural gasoline, that can be collectively removed from produced natural gas, separated in these substances and sold. 
 NYMEX . The New York Mercantile Exchange. 
 NYSE . The New York Stock Exchange. 
 Operator . The individual or company responsible for the development and/or production of an oil or natural gas well or lease. 
 Proved developed reserves . Reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared with the cost of a new well. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Proved reserves . The estimated quantities of oil, NGLs and natural gas that geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be commercially recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. 
 Proved undeveloped reserves or PUD . Proved reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for completion. 
 Realized price . The cash market price less differentials. 
 Reserves . Estimated remaining quantities of oil and natural gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application of development projects to known accumulations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a reasonable expectation that there will exist, the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of delivering oil and natural gas or related substances to market and all permits and financing required to implement the project. 
 Reservoir . A porous and permeable underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible oil and/or natural gas that is confined by impermeable rock or water barriers and is individual and separate from other reservoirs. 
 Royalty interest. An interest in an oil or gas property entitling the owner to shares of the production free of costs of exploration, development and production operations. 
 SOFR. Secured Overnight Funding Rate. 
 Spot market price . The cash market price without reduction for expected quality, location, transportation and demand adjustments. 
 Unproved reserves. Reserves attributable to unproved properties with no proved reserves. 
 Waha Hub price. A natural gas benchmark price in West Texas. 
 Wellbore . The hole drilled by a drill bit that is equipped for oil and natural gas production once the well has been completed. Also called well or borehole. 
 Working interest . The interest in an oil and gas property (typically a leasehold interest) that gives the owner the right to drill, produce and conduct operations on the property and to a share of production, subject to all royalties and other burdens and to all costs of exploration, development and operations and all risks in connection therewith. 
 Workover. Operations on a producing well to restore or increase production. 
 WTI . West Texas Intermediate is a grade of crude oil used as a benchmark in oil pricing. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report, regarding our strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans, objectives and expectations of management are forward-looking statements. When used in this Quarterly Report, the words could, may, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, expect, project, goal, plan, target and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and assumptions about future events and are based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Report and the risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our other filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they do involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties and we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. 
 Forward-looking statements may include statements about: 
 volatility of oil, natural gas and NGL prices or a prolonged period of low oil, natural gas or NGL prices and the effects of actions by, or disputes among or between, members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC ), such as Saudi Arabia, and other oil and natural gas producing countries, such as Russia, with respect to production levels or other matters related to the price of oil, natural gas and NGLs; 
 political and economic conditions and events in or affecting other producing regions or countries, including the Middle East, Russia, Eastern Europe, Africa and South America; 
 our business strategy and future drilling plans; 
 our reserves and our ability to replace the reserves we produce through drilling and property acquisitions; 
 our drilling prospects, inventories, projects and programs; 
 our financial strategy, return of capital program, leverage, liquidity and capital required for our development program; 
 the timing and amount of our future production of oil, natural gas and NGLs; 
 our ability to identify, complete and effectively integrate acquisitions of properties, assets or businesses, including our recent acquisitions and related transactions; 
 our hedging strategy and results; 
 our competition; 
 our ability to obtain permits and governmental approvals; 
 our compliance with government regulations, including those related to climate change as well as environmental, health and safety regulations and liabilities thereunder; 
 our pending legal matters; 
 the marketing and transportation of our oil, natural gas and NGLs; 
 our leasehold or business acquisitions; 
 cost of developing or operating our properties; 
 our anticipated rate of return; 
 general economic conditions; 
 weather conditions in the areas where we operate; 
 credit markets; 
 our ability to make dividends, distributions and share repurchases; 
 uncertainty regarding our future operating results; and 
 our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions contained in this Quarterly Report that are not historical. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

We caution you that these forward-looking statements are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, incident to the exploration for and development, production, gathering and sale of oil, natural gas and NGLs. Factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 commodity price volatility (including regional basis differentials); 
 uncertainty inherent in estimating oil, natural gas and NGL reserves, including the impact of commodity price declines on the economic producibility of such reserves, and in projecting future rates of production; 
 geographic concentration of our operations; 
 lack of availability of drilling and production equipment and services; 
 lack of transportation and storage capacity as a result of oversupply, government regulations or other factors; 
 risks related to our recent acquisitions, including the risk that we may fail to integrate such acquisitions on the terms and timing currently contemplated, or at all, and/or to realize our strategy and plans to achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions; 
 competition in the oil and natural gas industry for assets, materials, qualified personnel and capital; 
 drilling and other operating risks; 
 environmental and climate related risks, including seasonal weather conditions; 
 regulatory changes, including those that may result from the U.S. Supreme Court s decision overturning the Chevron deference doctrine and that may impact environmental, energy, and natural resources regulation; 
 the possibility that the industry in which we operate may be subject to new or volatile local, state, and federal or legislative actions (including additional taxes and changes in environmental, health, and safety regulation and regulations related to climate change) as a result of developing national and/or global efforts to address climate change; 
 restrictions on the use of water, including limits on the use of produced water and potential restrictions on the availability to water disposal facilities; 
 availability to cash flow and access to capital; 
 inflation; 
 changes in our credit ratings or adverse changes in interest rates; 
 changes in the financial strength of counterparties to our credit agreement and hedging contracts; 
 the timing of development expenditures; 
 political and economic conditions and events in foreign oil and natural gas producing countries, including embargoes, continued hostilities in the Middle East and other sustained military campaigns, including the conflict in Israel and its surrounding areas, the war in Ukraine and associated economic sanctions on Russia, conditions in South America, Central America, China and Russia, and acts of terrorism or sabotage; 
 changes in local, regional, national, and international economic conditions; 
 security threats, including evolving cybersecurity risks such as those involving unauthorized access, denial-of-service attacks, third-party service provider failures, malicious software, data privacy breaches by employees, insiders or other with authorized access, cyber or phishing-attacks, ransomware, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions; and 
 the other risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 Reserve engineering is a process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact way. The accuracy of any reserve estimate depends on the quality of available data, the interpretation of such data and price and cost assumptions made by reserve engineers. In addition, the results of drilling, testing and production activities may justify revisions of estimates that were made previously. If significant, such revisions would change the schedule of any further production and development drilling. Accordingly, reserve estimates may differ significantly from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered. 
 Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described in this Quarterly Report or our 2023 Annual Report occur, or should any underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this Quarterly Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue. 
 Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS 
 Current assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Derivative instruments Prepaid and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property and Equipment 
 Oil and natural gas properties, successful efforts method 
 Unproved properties 
 Proved properties 
 Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 ) ) Total oil and natural gas properties, net 
 Other property and equipment, net Total property and equipment, net 
 Noncurrent assets 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Other noncurrent assets 
 TOTAL ASSETS 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Current liabilities 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 Noncurrent liabilities 
 Long-term debt, net Asset retirement obligations Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 
 par value, shares authorized: 
 Class A: shares issued and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Class C: shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) Total shareholders' equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (unaudited) (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating revenues 
 Oil and gas sales Operating expenses Lease operating expenses Severance and ad valorem taxes Gathering, processing and transportation expenses Depreciation, depletion and amortization General and administrative expenses Merger and integration expense Impairment and abandonment expense Exploration and other expenses Total operating expenses Net gain on sale of long-lived assets Income from operations Other income (expense) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Net gain (loss) on derivative instruments ) ) Other income (expense) Total other income (expense) 
 ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to Class A Common Stock 
 Income per share of Class A Common Stock: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited) (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Impairment and abandonment expense 
 Deferred tax expense 
 Net (gain) loss on sale of long-lived assets ) ) Non-cash portion of derivative (gain) loss ) Amortization of debt issuance costs, discount and premium Loss on extinguishment of debt Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable ) (Increase) decrease in prepaid and other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Acquisition of oil and natural gas properties, net 
 ) ) Drilling and development capital expenditures 
 ) ) Purchases of other property and equipment 
 ) ) Contingent considerations received related to divestiture Proceeds from sales of oil and natural gas properties 
 Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Proceeds from equity offering, net 
 Proceeds from borrowings under revolving credit facility 
 Repayment of borrowings under revolving credit facility 
 ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes 
 Debt issuance and redemption costs 
 ) ) Redemption of senior notes 
 ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 Share repurchases 
 ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Distributions paid to noncontrolling interest owners 
 ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited) (continued) (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 2023 Supplemental cash flow information 
 Cash paid for interest 
 Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental non-cash activity 
 Equity issued to acquire oil and gas properties 
 Accrued capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Deferred tax liability assumed in asset acquisition Asset retirement obligations incurred, including revisions to estimates 
 Dividends payable 
 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash presented on the consolidated statements of cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash (1) 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total Shareholders Equity Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Class A Class C Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 Restricted stock issued ) Restricted stock forfeited ) Share repurchases - Class C 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock option exercises Dividends ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest owners ) ) Conversion of common shares from Class C to Class A, net of tax ) ) ) Equity impact from transactions effecting Common Units, net of tax of million 
 ) ) Net income Balance at March 31, 2024 
 Restricted stock issued Issuance of Class A Common Stock 
 Restricted stock forfeited ) Share repurchases - Class C ) ) ) Performance stock units vested and issued Stock-based compensation Stock option exercises Dividends ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest owners ) ) Conversion of common shares from Class C to Class A, net of tax ) ) ) Equity impact from transactions effecting Common Units, net of tax of million 
 ) ) Net income Balance at June 30, 2024 

12 

Table of Contents 

PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (unaudited) (continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total Shareholders Equity Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Class A Class C Shares Amount Shares Amount Restricted stock issued Equity offering, net of issuance costs 
 Restricted stock forfeited ) Performance stock units vested and issued 
 Stock-based compensation Dividends ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest owners ) ) Conversion of common shares from Class C to Class A, net of tax ) ) Equity impact from transactions effecting Common Units, net of tax of million 
 ) ) Net income Balance at September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (unaudited) (continued) 
 (in thousands) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total Shareholders Equity Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Class A Class C Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 Restricted stock issued Restricted stock forfeited ) Share repurchases - Class A ) ) ) ) Share repurchases - Class C ) ) ) Issuance of Common Stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Performance stock vested and issued Stock-based compensation Stock option exercises Dividends ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest owners ) ) Conversion of common shares from Class C to Class A, net of tax ) ) ) Equity impact from transactions effecting Common Units, net of tax of million 
 ) ) Net income Balance at March 31, 2023 
 Restricted stock issued Restricted stock forfeited ) Share repurchases - Class A ) ) ) ) ) Performance stock vested and issued ) Stock-based compensation Stock option exercises ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest owners ) ) Conversion of common shares from Class C to Class A, net of tax ) ) ) Equity impact from transactions effecting Common Units, net of tax of million 
 ) ) Net income Balance at June 30, 2023 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (unaudited) (continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total Shareholders Equity Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Class A Class C Shares Amount Shares Amount Restricted stock issued Restricted stock forfeited ) Share repurchases - Class C ) ) ) Performance stock vested and issued Stock-based compensation Stock option exercises Dividends ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest owners ) ) Conversion of common shares from Class C to Class A, net of tax ) ) ) Equity impact from transactions effecting Common Units, net of tax expense of million 
 ) ) Net income Balance at September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Use of Estimates 
 Leases 
 drilling rig contracts each with lease terms of . A lease right-of-use asset and related liability were recorded for these drilling rig contracts based on the present value of the future lease payments of the drilling rigs over the lease terms. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had recorded in aggregate million and million of current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities, respectively, related to these drilling rig contracts. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Finance right-of-use asset Other noncurrent assets 
 Liabilities Current Operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liability Other current liabilities 
 Noncurrent Operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liability Other noncurrent liabilities 

There have been no other significant changes in leases during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Refer to Note 16 Leases in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of the Company s 2023 Annual Report for additional information on the Company s operating and financing leases. 
 Income Taxes 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

million, subject to customary post-closing purchase price adjustments (the Bolt-On Acquisition ). The Bolt-On Acquisition included approximately net leasehold acres and approximately net royalty acres that are predominately located directly offsetting the Company s existing assets in Reeves County, Texas, as well as Eddy County, New Mexico. Additionally, the acquired assets in Reeves County include a fully integrated midstream system, consisting of over miles of operated oil and gas gathering systems, approximately surface acres, and water infrastructure including saltwater disposal wells, a recycling facility, frac ponds and water wells. The Bolt-On Acquisition was completed to drive long-term accretion across the Company s key financial and operating metrics, enhance shareholder returns and add core inventory locations to the Company s existing position in the Permian Basin. 
 Purchase Price Allocation 
 The Bolt-On Acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ). Under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective fair values as of the acquisition closing date, which requires judgment and certain estimates and assumptions to be made. Oil and natural gas properties were valued using an income based approach, which incorporates a discounted cash flow method. The pro forma impact of this business combination to revenues and net income is not disclosed as it was deemed not to have a material impact on the Company s results of operations. 
 As of the date of this filing, the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary and not complete as adjustments may be made. The Company expects to complete the purchase price allocation during the 12-month period subsequent to the Bolt-On Acquisition closing date. Fair value of assets acquired: Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation Accounts receivable, net Oil and natural gas properties, net 
 Total assets acquired Fair value of liabilities assumed: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Asset retirement obligations Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 2024 Asset Acquisitions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed multiple acquisitions of oil and natural gas properties for a cumulative adjusted purchase price of approximately million. These transactions were recorded as asset acquisitions in accordance with ASC 805. 
 Earthstone Merger 
 On November 1, 2023, the Company completed its merger (the Earthstone Merger with Earthstone Energy, Inc. Earthstone ). Earthstone was an independent oil and gas company engaged in the operation and development of oil and natural gas properties in the Permian Basin in both Texas and New Mexico. Refer to Note 2 Business Combinations footnote in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of the Company s 2023 Annual Report for additional details regarding the Earthstone Merger. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Net Income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 2023 SWD Divestiture 
 On March 13, 2023, the Company completed the sale of its operated saltwater disposal wells and the associated produced water infrastructure in Reeves County, Texas. The total cash consideration received at closing was million of which million was directly related to the sale and transfer of control of its water assets, while the remaining million consisted of contingent consideration that is tied to the Company s future drilling, completion and water connection activity in Reeves County, Texas. The million of contingent consideration will require repayment if certain performance obligations through September 2026 are not met, and it has been recorded as a liability within the Company s consolidated balance sheet accordingly. All performance obligations have been met during the payment periods and as of September 30, 2024, the remaining balance of the contingent consideration was million. There was no gain or loss recognized as a result of this divestiture. 
 
 Joint interest billings, net 
 Accrued derivative settlements receivable 
 Other 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 
 Accrued capital expenditures 
 Revenues payable 
 Accrued employee compensation and benefits 
 Accrued interest 
 Accrued expenses and other 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Senior Notes Senior Notes due 2026 
 Senior Notes due 2026 
 Senior Notes due 2027 
 Senior Notes due 2027 
 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 Senior Notes due 2031 
 Senior Notes due 2032 
 Senior Notes due 2033 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs on Senior Notes 
 ) ) Unamortized debt (discount)/premium 
 Senior Notes, net Total long-term debt, net 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 OpCo, the Company s consolidated subsidiary, has a credit agreement with a syndicate of banks that provides for a secured revolving credit facility, maturing in February 2027 (the Credit Agreement that, as of September 30, 2024, had a borrowing base of billion and elected commitments of billion. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had borrowings outstanding and billion in available borrowing capacity, net of million in letters of credit outstanding. 
 In connection with the spring borrowing base redetermination in April 2024, the Company entered into the seventh amendment to its Credit Agreement (the Seventh Amendment ). The Seventh Amendment, among other things, increased the elected commitments under the Credit Agreement to billion from billion and reaffirmed the borrowing base at billion. The elected commitments and borrowing base were reaffirmed during the fall 2024 borrowing base redetermination resulting in an amendment to our Credit Agreement that also extended the maturity date to February 2028 (refer to Note 14 Subsequent Events for additional information). 
 The amount available to be borrowed under the Credit Agreement is equal to the lesser of (i) the borrowing base, which is set at billion; (ii) aggregate elected commitments, which was set at billion as of September 30, 2024; or (iii) billion. The borrowing base is redetermined semi-annually in the spring and fall by the lenders in their sole discretion. It also allows for the Company to request optional borrowing base redeterminations in between the scheduled redeterminations. The borrowing base depends on, among other things, the quantities of OpCo s proved oil and natural gas reserves, estimated cash flows from those reserves, and the Company s commodity hedge positions. Upon a redetermination of the borrowing base, if actual borrowings outstanding exceed the revised borrowing capacity, OpCo could be required to immediately repay a portion of its debt outstanding. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain of OpCo s subsidiaries. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be base rate loans or Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR loans. Interest is payable quarterly for base rate loans and at the end of the applicable interest period for SOFR loans. SOFR loans bear interest at SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging from to basis points, depending on the percentage of elected commitments utilized, plus an additional basis point credit spread adjustment. Base rate loans bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the greatest of: (i) the agent bank s prime rate; (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus basis points; or (iii) the adjusted Term SOFR rate for a one-month interest period plus basis points, plus an applicable margin, ranging from to basis points, depending on the percentage of the borrowing base utilized. OpCo also pays a commitment fee of to basis points on unused elected commitment amounts under its facility. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

to 1.0; and 
 (ii) a leverage ratio, which is the ratio of total funded debt to consolidated EBITDAX (with such terms defined within the Credit Agreement) for the most recent quarter annualized, of not greater than to 1.0. 
 The Credit Agreement includes fall away covenants, lower interest rates and reduced collateral requirements that OpCo may elect if OpCo is assigned an Investment Grade Rating (as defined within the Credit Agreement). 
 OpCo was in compliance with the covenants and the applicable financial ratios described above as of September 30, 2024. 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 On March 19, 2021, OpCo issued million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured convertible notes due 2028 (the Convertible Senior Notes ). On March 26, 2021, OpCo issued an additional million of Convertible Senior Notes pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option to purchase additional Convertible Senior Notes. These issuances resulted in aggregate net proceeds to OpCo of million, after deducting debt issuance costs of million. Interest is payable on the Convertible Senior Notes semi-annually in arrears on each April 1 and October 1. 
 The Convertible Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company and each of OpCo s current subsidiaries that guarantee OpCo s outstanding Senior Unsecured Notes. 
 The Convertible Senior Notes will mature on April 1, 2028 unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before January 3, 2028, noteholders have the right to convert their Convertible Senior Notes (i) upon the occurrence of certain events; (ii) if the Company s share price exceeds of the conversion price for any trading days during the last consecutive trading days of a calendar quarter, after June 30, 2021; or (iii) if the trading price per principal amount of the notes is less than of the Company s share price multiplied by the conversion rate, for a consecutive trading day period. In addition, after January 2, 2028, noteholders may convert their Convertible Senior Notes at any time at their election through the second scheduled trading day immediately before the April 1, 2028 maturity date. As of September 30, 2024, certain conditions have been met, and as a result, noteholders have the right to convert their Convertible Senior Notes during the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 OpCo can settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of Class A Common Stock, or a combination of cash and shares of Class A Common Stock, at OpCo s election. The initial conversion rate was shares of Class A Common Stock per principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share of Class A Common Stock. The conversion rate and conversion price are subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events (as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Senior Notes) which, in certain circumstances, will increase the conversion rate for a specified period of time. As of September 30, 2024, the conversion rate was adjusted to shares of Class A Common Stock per principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes as a result of cash dividends and distributions paid. In the context of this debt issuance, we refer to the notes as convertible in accordance with ASC 470 - Debt. However, per the terms of the Convertible Senior Notes indenture, the Convertible Senior Notes were issued by OpCo and are exchangeable into shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. 
 OpCo has the option to redeem, in whole or in part, all of the Convertible Senior Notes at any time on or after April 7, 2025, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption, but only if the last reported sale price per share of Class A Common Stock exceeds of the conversion price (i) for any trading days during the consecutive trading days ending on the day immediately before the date OpCo sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) also on the trading day immediately before the date OpCo sends such notice. 
 If certain corporate events occur, including certain business combination transactions involving the Company or OpCo or a stock de-listing with respect to the Class A Common Stock, noteholders may require OpCo to repurchase their Convertible Senior Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest as of the repurchase date. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

of the aggregate principal amount of then outstanding Convertible Senior Notes may declare the Convertible Senior Notes immediately due and payable. In addition, a default resulting from certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect to the Company, OpCo or any of the subsidiary guarantors will automatically cause all outstanding Convertible Senior Notes to become due and payable. 
 At issuance, the Company recorded a liability equal to the face value the Convertible Senior Notes, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, in Long-term debt, net in the consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024, the net liability related to the Convertible Senior Notes was million. 
 Capped Called Transactions 
 In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Senior Notes in March 2021, OpCo entered into privately negotiated capped call spread transactions with option counterparties (the Capped Call Transactions ). The Capped Call Transactions cover the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock that initially underlie the Convertible Senior Notes and are expected to (i) generally reduce potential dilution to the Class A Common Stock upon a conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes, and/or; (ii) offset any cash payments OpCo is required to make in excess of the principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes, subject to a cap. The Capped Call Transactions have an initial strike price of per share of Class A Common Stock and an initial capped price of per share of Class A Common Stock, each of which are subject to certain customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain corporate events, as defined in the capped call agreements. 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On August 5, 2024, OpCo issued at par billion of senior notes due 2033 (the 2033 Senior Notes in a 144A private placement that resulted in net proceeds to the Company of million, after deducting million debt issuance costs. Interest is payable on the 2033 Senior Notes semi-annually in arrears each August 1 and February 1. The Company used the net proceeds from the 2033 Senior Notes to (i) fund the redemption of its 2026 Senior Notes (discussed below); (ii) fund a portion of the purchase price of the Bolt-On Acquisition (discussed in Note 2 Acquisitions and Divestitures ); and (iii repay a portion of borrowings outstanding under its credit facility. On or after August 1, 2027, OpCo may, on any one or more occasions, redeem all or a portion of the 2033 Senior Notes at a redemption price decreasing annually from to of the principal amount redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 On November 1, 2023, in connection with the Earthstone Merger, the Company entered into supplemental indentures whereby all of Earthstone s outstanding senior notes were assumed and became the senior unsecured debt obligations of OpCo. The senior notes assumed by OpCo included million of senior notes due 2027 (the 2027 Senior Notes and million of senior notes due 2031 (the 2031 Senior Notes ). The Company recorded the acquired senior notes at their fair values as of the Earthstone Merger closing date, which were equal to of par (a million premium) for the 2027 Senior Notes and of par (a million premium) for the 2031 Senior Notes. Interest on the 2027 Senior Notes is paid semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year and interest on the 2031 Senior Notes is paid semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year. Since April 15, 2024 (for the 2027 Senior Notes) and beginning on or after July 15, 2026 (for the 2031 Senior Notes), OpCo may, on any one or more occasions, redeem all or a portion of the acquired senior notes at a redemption price decreasing annually from to (for the 2027 Senior Notes) and to (for the 2031 Senior Notes) of the principal amount redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 On September 12, 2023, OpCo issued at par million of senior notes due 2032 (the Original 2032 Notes in a 144A private placement. On December 13, 2023, OpCo issued additional notes under the indenture dated September 12, 2023 that totaled an additional million of senior notes (together with the Original 2032 Notes, the 2032 Senior Notes ), which resulted in aggregate net proceeds to the Company of million, after deducting the issuance discount of million and debt issuance costs of million. The 2032 Senior Notes are treated as a single series of securities and vote together as a single class, and have substantially identical terms, other than the issue date and issue price. Interest is payable on the 2032 Senior Notes semi-annually in arrears each January 15 and July 15. On or after January 15, 2027, OpCo may, on any one or more occasions, redeem all or a portion of the 2032 Senior Notes at a redemption price decreasing annually from to of the principal amount redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 On September 1, 2022, the Company completed its merger (the Colgate Merger with Colgate Energy Partners III, LLC Colgate ). In connection with the Colgate Merger, the Company entered into supplemental indentures whereby all of Colgate s outstanding senior notes were assumed and became the senior unsecured debt obligations of OpCo. The senior notes assumed by OpCo included million of senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 Senior Notes and million of senior notes due 2029 (the 2029 Senior Notes ). The Company recorded the acquired senior notes at their fair values as of the Colgate Merger closing date on September 1, 2022, which were equal to of par for the 2026 Senior Notes and of par 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

million debt discount) for the 2029 Senior Notes. In August 2024, the Company redeemed million of our outstanding 2026 Senior Notes through a cash tender offer and the Company irrevocably elected to redeem the remaining amount of the 2026 Senior Notes outstanding pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing the 2026 Senior Notes. The tender offer and redemption were funded using proceeds from the issuance of the 2033 Senior Notes. The Company paid total consideration for the tender offer and redemption, excluding accrued interest, of million resulting in a loss on extinguishment of debt of million. 
 Interest on the 2029 Senior Notes is paid semi-annually each January 1 and July 1. Since July 1, 2024 for the 2029 Senior Notes, OpCo may, on any one or more occasions, redeem all or a portion of the acquired senior notes at a redemption price decreasing annually from to of the principal amount redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 On November 30, 2017, OpCo issued million of senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 Senior Notes and on March 15, 2019, OpCo issued million of senior notes due 2027 (the 2027 Senior Notes and, together with the 2027 Senior Notes, 2031 Senior Notes, 2032 Senior Notes, 2026 Senior Notes, 2029 Senior Notes and the 2026 Senior Notes, the Senior Unsecured Notes in 144A private placements. In May 2020, million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Senior Notes and million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Senior Notes were validly tendered and exchanged by certain eligible bondholders for consideration consisting of million aggregate principal amount of second lien senior secured notes, which were fully redeemed at par in connection with the Convertible Senior Notes issuance during the second quarter of 2021. On April 5, 2024, all of OpCo s remaining outstanding 2027 Senior Notes were redeemed at a price equal to of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of million. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the remaining aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Senior Notes outstanding was million. Interest is payable on the 2026 Senior Notes semi-annually in arrears each January 15 and July 15. Since January 15, 2023, OpCo may, on any one or more occasions, redeem all or a portion of the 2026 Senior Notes at a redemption price of of the principal amount redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 The Senior Unsecured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company and each of OpCo s current subsidiaries that guarantee borrowings under OpCo s Credit Agreement. 
 At any time prior to July 15, 2026 (for the 2031 Senior Notes), January 15, 2027 (for the 2032 Senior Notes) and August 1, 2027 (for the 2033 Senior Notes) the Optional Redemption Dates, OpCo may, on any one or more occasions, redeem up to (for the 2031 Senior Notes) and (for the 2032 and 2033 Senior Notes) of the aggregate principal amount of each series of Senior Unsecured Notes with an amount of cash not greater than the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to (for the 2031 Senior Notes), (for the 2032 Senior Notes) and 106.25 (for the 2033 Senior Notes) of the principal amount of the Senior Unsecured Notes of the applicable series redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption; provided that at least (for the 2031 Senior Notes) and (for the 2032 and 2033 Senior Notes) of the aggregate principal amount of each such series of Senior Unsecured Notes remains outstanding immediately after such redemption, and the redemption occurs within days of the closing date of such equity offering. 
 At any time prior to Optional Redemption Dates, OpCo may, on any one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of the Senior Unsecured Notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Senior Unsecured Notes redeemed, plus a make-whole premium, and any accrued and unpaid interest as of the date of redemption. On and after the Optional Redemption Dates, OpCo may redeem the Senior Unsecured Notes, in whole or in part, at redemption prices expressed as percentages of principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 
 If OpCo experiences certain defined changes of control accompanied by a ratings decline, each holder of the Senior Unsecured Notes may require OpCo to repurchase all or a portion of its Senior Unsecured Notes for cash at a price equal to of the aggregate principal amount of such Senior Unsecured Notes, plus any accrued but unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. 
 The indentures governing the Senior Unsecured Notes contain covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions and qualifications, limit OpCo s ability and the ability of OpCo s restricted subsidiaries to: (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue certain types of preferred stock; (ii) pay dividends on capital stock or redeem, repurchase or retire capital stock or subordinated indebtedness; (iii) transfer or sell assets; (iv) make investments; (v) create certain liens; (vi) enter into agreements that restrict dividends or other payments from their subsidiaries to them; (vii) consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of their assets; (viii) engage in transactions with affiliates; and (ix) create unrestricted subsidiaries. OpCo was in compliance with these covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 Upon an Event of Default (as defined in the indentures governing the Senior Unsecured Notes), the trustee or the holders of at least (or in the case of the 2029 Senior Notes, of the aggregate principal amount of then outstanding Senior Unsecured 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Liabilities incurred 
 Liabilities acquired Liabilities divested and settled 
 ) Accretion expense 
 Asset retirement obligations, end of period 
 Less current portion (1) 
 ) Asset retirement obligations - long-term, end of period 
 (1) The current portion of ARO is included within Other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 ARO reflect the present value of the estimated future costs associated with the plugging and abandonment of oil and gas wells, removal of equipment and facilities from leased acreage and land restoration in accordance with applicable local, state and federal laws. Inherent in the fair value calculation of ARO are numerous estimates and assumptions, including plug and abandonment settlement amounts, inflation factors, credit adjusted discount rates and the timing of settlement. To the extent future revisions to these assumptions impact the value of the existing ARO liabilities, a corresponding offsetting adjustment is made to the oil and gas property balance. Changes in the liability due to the passage of time are recognized as an increase in the carrying amount of the liability with an offsetting charge to accretion expense, which is included within depreciation, depletion and amortization. 
 
 shares of Class A Common Stock authorized for issuance. The LTIP provides for grants of restricted stock, stock options (including incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options), restricted stock units (including performance stock units), stock appreciation rights and other stock or cash-based awards. 
 Stock-based compensation expense is recognized within both General and administrative expenses and Exploration and other expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company accounts for forfeitures of awards granted under the LTIP as they occur. 
 Stock option awards Performance stock units Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 Equity Awards 
 The Company has restricted stock, stock options and performance stock units PSUs outstanding that were granted under the LTIP as discussed below. Each award has service-based and, in the case of the PSUs, market-based vesting requirements, and are expected to be settled in shares of Class A Common Stock upon vesting. As a result, these awards are classified as equity-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

employees had Qualifying Terminations related to the Colgate Merger as compared to employees during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, all of which received accelerated vesting of their unvested stock awards or had changes in their service periods resulting in modifications of such impacted stock awards. These modifications resulted in an increase to total stock-based compensation expense of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, as a result of the change in the fair value of the modified awards. The restricted stock shares and performance stock units that were accelerated are included within the vested line items in the below tables. As of September 1, 2024, no additional Qualifying Terminations pursuant to the Second A R Severance Plan can occur as a result of the Colgate Merger. 
 Restricted Stock 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested balance as of September 30, 2024 
 The Company grants service-based restricted stock to certain officers and employees, which either vests ratably over a service period or cliff vests upon a three to service period, and to directors, which vest over a service period. Compensation cost for these service-based restricted stock grants is based on the closing market price of the Company s Class A Common Stock on the grant date, and such costs are recognized ratably over the applicable vesting period. The total fair value of restricted stock that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. Unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted shares that were unvested as of September 30, 2024 was million, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted average period of years. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options that have been granted under the LTIP expire from the grant date and vest ratably over their service period. The exercise price for an option granted under the LTIP is the closing market price of the Company s Class A Common Stock on the grant date. Compensation cost for stock options is based on the grant-date fair value of the award, which is then recognized ratably over the vesting period of . 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Expired ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Fair value per share 
 Expected implied stock volatility Risk-free interest rate 
 Granted Vested (1) 
 ) Forfeited ) Unvested balance as of September 30, 2024 
 (1) This balance includes vested PSU awards as of September 30, 2024 based on the original number of PSUs granted. Actual PSUs vested is based upon the Company s absolute annualized TSR calculation and the Company s TSR relative to the TSR of a peer group of companies at the time of vesting, which may be greater than or less than the original number granted. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to PSUs that were unvested, which the Company expects to recognize on a pro-rata basis over a weighted average period of years. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

January 2025 - March 2025 April 2025 - June 2025 July 2025 - September 2025 October 2025 - December 2025 January 2026 - March 2026 April 2026 - June 2026 July 2026 - September 2026 October 2026 - December 2026 Period Volume (Bbls) Volume (Bbls/d) Wtd. Avg. Collar Price Ranges 
 /Bbl) (2) 
 Crude oil collars October 2024 - December 2024 - 
 Period Volume (Bbls) Volume (Bbls/d) Wtd. Avg. Put Price 
 /Bbl) (3) 
 Deferred Premium 
 /Bbl) (3) 
 Deferred premium puts 
 October 2024 - December 2024 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

January 2025 - March 2025 April 2025 - June 2025 July 2025 - September 2025 October 2025 - December 2025 January 2026 - March 2026 April 2026 - June 2026 July 2026 - September 2026 October 2026 - December 2026 
 Period Volume (Bbls) Volume (Bbls/d) Wtd. Avg. Differential 
 /Bbl) (5) 
 Crude oil roll differential swaps 
 October 2024 - December 2024 January 2025 - March 2025 April 2025 - June 2025 July 2025 - September 2025 October 2025 - December 2025 January 2026 - March 2026 April 2026 - June 2026 July 2026 - September 2026 October 2026 - December 2026 
 (1) These crude oil swap transactions are settled based on the NYMEX WTI index price on each trading day within the specified monthly settlement period versus the contractual swap price for the volumes stipulated. 
 (2) These crude oil collars are settled based on the NYMEX WTI index price on each trading day within the specified monthly settlement period versus the contractual floor and ceiling prices for the volumes stipulated. 
 (3) These crude oil deferred premium puts are settled based on the NYMEX WTI index price on each trading day within the specified monthly settlement period versus the contractual put prices for the volumes stipulated. 
 (4) These crude oil basis swap transactions are settled based on the difference between the arithmetic average of ARGUS MIDLAND WTI and ARGUS WTI CUSHING indices, during each applicable monthly settlement period. 
 (5) These crude oil roll swap transactions are settled based on the difference between the arithmetic average of NYMEX WTI calendar month prices and the physical crude oil delivery month price. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

January 2025 - March 2025 April 2025 - June 2025 July 2025 - September 2025 October 2025 - December 2025 January 2026 - March 2026 April 2026 - June 2026 July 2026 - September 2026 October 2026 - December 2026 
 Period Volume (MMBtu) Volume (MMBtu/d) Wtd. Avg. Differential 
 /MMBtu) (2) 
 Natural gas basis differential swaps 
 October 2024 - December 2024 ) January 2025 - March 2025 ) April 2025 - June 2025 ) July 2025 - September 2025 ) October 2025 - December 2025 ) January 2026 - March 2026 ) April 2026 - June 2026 ) July 2026 - September 2026 ) October 2026 - December 2026 ) Period Volume (MMBtu) Volume (MMBtu/d) Wtd. Avg. Collar Price Ranges 
 /MMBtu) (3) 
 Natural gas collars 
 October 2024 - December 2024 - 
 
 (1) These natural gas swap contracts are settled based on the NYMEX Henry Hub price on each trading day within the specified monthly settlement period versus the contractual swap price for the volumes stipulated. 
 (2) These natural gas basis swap contracts are settled based on the difference between the Inside FERC s West Texas WAHA price and the NYMEX price of natural gas, during each applicable monthly settlement period. 
 (3) These natural gas collars are settled based on the NYMEX Henry Hub price on each trading day within the specified monthly settlement period versus the contractual floor and ceiling prices for the volumes stipulated. 
 Derivative Instrument Reporting. The Company s oil and natural gas derivative instruments have not been designated as hedges for accounting purposes. Therefore, all gains and losses are recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. All derivative instruments are recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets, other than derivative instruments that meet the normal purchase normal sale exclusion, and any fair value gains and losses are recognized in current period earnings. 
 ) ) 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

) Other noncurrent assets ) Derivative Liabilities 
 Commodity contracts 
 Other current liabilities 
 ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) December 31, 2023 Derivative Assets 
 Commodity contracts 
 Derivative instruments ) Other noncurrent assets ) Derivative Liabilities 
 Commodity contracts 
 Other current liabilities 
 ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) 
 
 (1) The Company has agreements in place with each of its counterparties that allow for the financial right of offset for derivative assets against derivative liabilities at settlement or in the event of a default under the agreements or if contracts are terminated. 
 Contingent Features in Financial Derivative Instruments. None of the Company s derivative instruments contain credit-risk-related contingent features. Counterparties to the Company s financial derivative contracts are high credit-quality financial institutions that are primarily lenders under OpCo s Credit Agreement. The Company enters into new hedge arrangements only with participants under its Credit Agreement, since these institutions are secured equally with the holders of any OpCo bank debt, which eliminates the potential need to post collateral when the Company is in a derivative liability position. As a result, the Company is not required to post letters of credit or corporate guarantees for its derivative counterparties in order to secure contract performance obligations. 
 In addition, the Company is exposed to credit risk associated with its derivative contracts from non-performance by its counterparties. The Company mitigates its exposure to any single counterparty by contracting with a number of financial institutions, each of which has a high credit rating and is a lender under OpCo s Credit Agreement as referenced above. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Total liabilities 
 December 31, 2023 Total assets 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities are categorized within the above fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used by the Company as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the above fair value hierarchy. There were no transfers between any of the fair value levels during any period presented. 
 Derivatives 
 The Company uses Level 2 inputs to measure the fair value of its oil and natural gas commodity derivatives. The Company uses industry-standard models that consider various assumptions including current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, implied market volatility, time value, nonperformance risk, as well as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all of these inputs are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument and can be supported by observable data. The Company utilizes its counterparties valuations to assess the reasonableness of its own valuations. Refer to Note 7 Derivative Instruments for details of the gross and net derivative assets, liabilities and offset amounts as presented in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company applies the provisions of the fair value measurement standard on a nonrecurring basis to its non-financial assets and liabilities, including proved oil and gas properties. These assets and liabilities are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances. 
 Oil and Gas Property Acquisitions. The fair value measurements of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are measured on the acquisition date using an income valuation technique based on inputs that are not observable in the market and therefore represent Level 3 inputs. Significant inputs to the valuation of acquired oil and gas properties include estimates of: (i) reserves; (ii) production rates; (iii) future operating and development costs; (iv) future commodity prices, including price differentials; (v) future cash flows; (vi) a market participant-based weighted average cost of capital rate and (vii) risk adjustment factors applied to proved and unproved reserves. These inputs require significant judgements and estimates by the Company s management at the time of valuation. 
 Impairment of Oil and Natural Gas Properties. The Company reviews its proved oil and natural gas properties for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the fair value of these assets may be below their carrying value. An impairment loss is indicated if the sum of the expected undiscounted future net cash flows from oil and gas properties is less than the carrying amount of the assets. In this circumstance, the Company then recognizes impairment expense for the amount by which the carrying amount of proved properties exceeds their estimated fair value. The Company reviews its oil and natural gas properties on a field-by-field basis. 
 The Company calculates the estimated fair value of its oil and natural gas properties using an income approach that is based on inputs that are not observable in the market and therefore represent Level 3 inputs. Significant inputs to the expected future net cash flows used for the impairment review and the related fair value measurement of oil and natural gas proved properties include estimates of: (i) oil and gas reserves; (ii) future production decline rates; (iii) future operating and development costs; (iv) future commodity prices, including price differentials; and (v) a market participant-based weighted average cost of capital rate. These inputs require significant judgments and estimates by the Company s management. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Senior Notes due 2026 (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2026 (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2027 (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2027 (2) 
 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (2)(3) 
 Senior Notes due 2029 (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2031 (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2032 (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2033 (2) 

(1) The carrying values of the amounts outstanding under OpCo s Credit Agreement approximate fair value because its variable interest rates are tied to current market rates and the applicable credit spreads represent current market rates for the credit risk profile of the Company. 
 (2) The carrying values include associated unamortized debt issuance costs and any debt discounts or premiums as reflected in the consolidated balance sheets. The fair values are determined using quoted market prices for these debt securities, a Level 1 classification in the fair value hierarchy, and are based on the aggregate principal amount of the senior notes outstanding. 

million and million, respectively, of their common units of OpCo Common Unit and corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock for Class A Common Stock. Deferred tax assets of million and million were recorded in equity as a result of the conversions of shares from the noncontrolling interest owners for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. No cash proceeds were received by the Company in connection with these conversions. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

million shares of its Class A Common Stock in which the Company received net cash proceeds of million after underwriting discounts and commissions. The Company used the net proceeds from this equity offering to fund a portion of the aggregate purchase price of the Bolt-On Acquisition discussed in Note 2 Acquisitions and Divestitures. 
 In May 2024, the Company issued million shares of Class A Common Stock, which were issued as partial consideration for a portion of the 2024 asset acquisitions discussed in Note 2 Acquisitions and Divestitures . No cash proceeds were received by the Company in connection with this issuance. 
 Dividends 
 September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended, September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 The Company s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to acquire up to million of the Company s outstanding common stock (the Repurchase Program ), which was approved to run through December 31, 2024. On September 3, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the New Repurchase Program of billion, replacing the existing million Repurchase Program. The New Repurchase Program is approved to run on an indefinite basis and can be used by the Company to reduce its shares of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock outstanding. Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open-market or via privately negotiated transactions at the Company s discretion and will be subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, available liquidity, compliance with the Company s debt agreements and other factors. The New Repurchase Program does not require any specific number of shares to be acquired and can be modified or discontinued by the Company s Board of Directors at any time. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid million and million, respectively, to repurchase million and million, respectively, Common Units of OpCo resulting in an equal number of the underlying shares of Class C Common Stock simultaneously being canceled under its Repurchase Program. 
 Noncontrolling Interest 
 The noncontrolling interest relates to Common Units that were issued in connection with the Colgate Merger and the Earthstone Merger. The noncontrolling interest percentage is affected by various equity transactions such as Common Unit and Class C Common Stock exchanges and transactions involving Class A Common Stock. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the noncontrolling interest ownership of OpCo had decreased to from as of December 31, 2023. This decrease was mainly the result of (i) exchanges of Common Units (and corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock) for Class A Common Stock and (ii) Class C Common Stock repurchases completed by the Company as discussed above. 
 The Company consolidates the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of OpCo and reflects the portion retained by other holders of Common Units as a noncontrolling interest. Refer to the consolidated statements of shareholders equity for a summary of the activity attributable to the noncontrolling interest during the period. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Add: Interest on Convertible Senior Notes, net of tax Adjusted net income (attributable to Class A Common Stock) 
 Basic weighted average shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding Add: Dilutive effects of Convertible Senior Notes Add: Dilutive effects of equity awards Diluted weighted average shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding Basic net earnings per share of Class A Common Stock 
 Diluted net earnings per share of Class A Common Stock 
 
 Weighted average shares of Class C Common Stock Restricted stock Performance stock units 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid various affiliates of NGP and EnCap for revenues earned based upon their net revenue interests held in wells that are operated by the Company. These relationships are considered ordinary in the course of business and the terms of these relationships are no more favorable than those held with unaffiliated parties. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company repurchased million and million Common Units of OpCo from NGP, respectively, for million and million, respectively, under the Repurchase Program. The equal number of underlying shares of Class C Common Stock were simultaneously canceled by the Company. 
 
 Bbls/d of NGLs to the purchaser over the next years or be subject to under-delivery fees that would result in a financial obligation equal to per barrel of NGL under the required minimum volumes, subject to inflation factors. The Company currently expects its future production will satisfy all minimum volume commitments under this agreement. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company also entered into a multi-year energy purchase agreement to buy electricity utilized in the Company s operations. Under the contract, the Company is obligated to purchase a minimum amount of electricity at a fixed price. If the Company does not utilize the minimum amounts of electricity on a monthly basis and the supplier is unable to sell the unutilized quantity, the Company is liable for the full cost of the underutilization at the fixed price per the agreement. The total remaining obligation is million, which represents the gross minimum financial commitments pursuant to this agreement as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Company routinely enters into, extends or amends operating agreements in the ordinary course of business. There has been no other material, non-routine changes in commitments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Please refer to Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies included in Part II, Item 8 in the Company s 2023 Annual Report. 
 Contingencies 
 The Company may at times be subject to various commercial or regulatory claims, prior period adjustments from service providers, litigation or other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of these lawsuits and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes it is remote that the impact of such matters, other than those discussed below, that are reasonably possible to occur will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 In February 2021, the Permian Basin was impacted by record-low temperatures and a severe winter storm Winter Storm Uri that resulted in multi-day electrical outages and shortages, pipeline and infrastructure freezes, transportation disruptions, and regulatory actions in Texas, which led to significant increases in gas prices, gathering, processing and transportation fees and electrical rates during this time. As a result, many oil and gas operators, including upstream producers like the Company, gas processors and purchasers, and transportation providers experienced operational disruptions. During this time, the Company was unable to utilize the entire volume of its reserved capacity on pipelines and as a result has made certain force majeure declarations. One third-party transportation provider filed a lawsuit against the Company claiming compensation for the full amount of the reserved capacity, both utilized and unutilized. The Company paid for the utilized capacity and filed a separate lawsuit against the transportation provider requesting declaratory relief for the purpose of construing the provisions of the transportation agreement relating to the unutilized capacity. At this time, a loss in relation to these matters is certain and in accordance with ASC Topic 450-20, Loss Contingencies, the Company has recorded a net estimated liability of million, inclusive of estimated interest penalties, as of September 30, 2024, which was paid during the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Natural gas sales (1) 
 ) ) NGL sales (2) 
 Oil and gas sales 
 
 (1) Natural gas sales include a portion of gathering, processing and transportation costs GP T that are reflected as a reduction to natural gas sales of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) NGL sales include a portion of GP T that are reflected as a reduction to NGL sales of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Oil sales 
 The Company s crude oil sales contracts are generally structured whereby oil is delivered to the purchaser at a contractually agreed-upon delivery point at which the purchaser takes title of the product. This delivery point is usually at the wellhead or at the inlet of a transportation pipeline. Revenue is recognized when control transfers to the purchaser at the delivery point based on the net price received from the purchaser. Any downstream transportation costs incurred by crude purchasers are reflected as a net reduction to oil sales revenues. 
 Natural gas and NGL sales 
 Under the Company s natural gas processing contracts, liquids rich natural gas is delivered to a midstream gathering and processing entity at the agreed upon delivery point at which the purchaser takes title of the product. The midstream processing entity gathers and processes the raw gas and then remits proceeds to the Company. For these contracts, the Company evaluates when control is transferred and revenue should be recognized. Where the Company elects to take its residue gas or NGL product in-kind at the plant tailgate, fees incurred prior to transfer of control at the outlet of the plant are presented as GP T within the consolidated statements of operations. Where the Company does not take its residue gas or NGL products in-kind , transfer of control occurs at the inlet of the gas gathering systems, or prior, and fees incurred subsequent to this point are reflected as a net reduction to natural gas and NGL sales revenues presented in the table above. 
 Performance obligations 
 For all commodity products, the Company records revenue in the month production is delivered to the purchaser. Settlement statements for crude oil are generally received within 30 days following the date that production volumes are delivered, but for natural gas and NGL sales, statements may not be re ceived for to days after delivery has occurred. However, payment is unconditional once the performance obligations have been satisfied. At such time, the volumes delivered and sal es prices can be reasonably estimated and amounts due from customers are accrued in Accounts receivable, net in the consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, such receivable balances were million and million, respectively. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

per share of Class A Common Stock and distribution of per share of Class C Common Stock (each of which has an underlying Common Unit of OpCo). The dividend is payable November 22, 2024 to shareholders of record as of November 14, 2024. 
 Amended Credit Agreement 
 billion, (iii) reaffirmed the aggregate elected commitments at billion and (iv) adjusted the applicable margin calculation to a pricing grid based upon borrowing base utilization . 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. The following discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance. The forward-looking statements are dependent upon events, risks and uncertainties that may be outside our control. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, future market prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs, future production volumes, estimates of proved reserves, capital expenditures, economic and competitive conditions, inflation, regulatory changes, and other uncertainties, as well as those factors discussed in Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements and under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Report all of which are difficult to predict. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed may or may not occur. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements except as otherwise required by applicable law. 
 
 Overview 
 Permian Resources Corporation is an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the responsible acquisition, optimization and development of high-return oil and natural gas properties. Our assets are mainly located in the core of the Permian Basin. Our principal business objective is to increase shareholder value by efficiently developing our oil and natural gas assets in an environmentally and socially responsible way, with an overall objective of improving our rates of return and generating sustainable free cash flow. Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, all references in these discussions to Permian Resources, we, us, or our are to Permian Resources Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Permian Resources Operating, LLC OpCo ). 
 On November 1, 2023, we completed the Earthstone merger (the Earthstone Merger with Earthstone Energy, Inc. Earthstone ). Earthstone s results of operations were included in our financial statements and results of operations beginning on November 1, 2023. 
 Market Conditions 
 Our revenue, profitability and ability to return cash to stockholders can depend substantially on factors beyond our control, such as economic, political and regulatory developments. Prices for crude oil, natural gas and NGLs have experienced significant fluctuations in recent years and may continue to fluctuate widely in the future. 
 The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and other oil producing countries OPEC+ undertook a series of actions in an effort to support commodity prices throughout 2023 in response to global recession concerns, a high interest rate environment, lower than expected demand from China and a regional banking crisis in the U.S., among other events. In addition, both Saudi Arabia and Russia announced unilateral production curtailments at separate times during 2023. These actions, coupled with relatively strong global demand and rising tensions in the Middle East, caused crude oil prices to increase during 2023, with NYMEX WTI spot prices reaching a high of 93.68 per barrel on September 27, 2023. However, further concerns of global economic growth, inflation and increases in oil and natural gas supply levels resulted in additional price deterioration at the end of 2023 and into the beginning of 2024. More recently, oil demand concerns around China and the rest of the world have caused the NYMEX WTI spot price to drop to an average of 69.37 in September 2024. Natural gas prices have remained low throughout the first nine months of 2024 driven by an over-supply due to mild winter weather, liquefied natural gas (LNG) project delays and higher than expected natural gas production. Market prices in the Permian Basin were further impacted by low demand as a result of current pipeline capacity constraints out of the basin and additional pipeline maintenance, which led to negative regional gas prices being realized at the Waha Hub in West Texas Waha throughout the first nine months of 2024. Specifically, the Waha price of natural gas averaged negative 1.00 per MMBtu during the third quarter of 2024 leading to negative gas realizations. 
 The oil and natural gas industry is cyclical, and it is likely that commodity prices, as well as commodity price differentials, will continue to be volatile due to fluctuations in global supply and demand, inventory levels, geopolitical events, federal and state government regulations, weather conditions, the global transition to alternative energy sources, supply chain constraints and other factors. The following table highlights the quarterly average price trends for NYMEX WTI spot prices for crude oil and NYMEX Henry Hub index price for natural gas since the first quarter of 2022: 
 2022 2023 2024 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 
 Q3 Crude oil (per Bbl) 94.40 108.34 91.56 82.64 76.13 73.78 82.26 78.32 76.96 80.55 75.16 Natural gas (per MMBtu) 4.60 7.39 7.96 5.55 2.67 2.12 2.58 2.74 2.41 2.04 2.08 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Lower commodity prices and lower futures curves for oil and gas prices can result in impairments of our proved oil and natural gas properties or undeveloped acreage and may materially and adversely affect our operating cash flows, liquidity, financial condition, results of operations, future business and operations, and/or our ability to finance planned capital expenditures, which could in turn impact our ability to comply with covenants under our five-year secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Agreement and senior notes. Lower realized prices may also reduce the borrowing base under our Credit Agreement, which is determined at the discretion of the lenders and is based on the collateral value of our proved reserves that have been mortgaged to the lenders. Upon a redetermination, if any borrowings in excess of the revised borrowing capacity were outstanding, we could be forced to immediately repay a portion of the debt outstanding under the Credit Agreement. 
 Due to the cyclical nature of the oil and gas industry, fluctuating demand for oilfield goods and services can put pressure on the pricing structure within our industry. As commodity prices rise, costs of oilfield goods and services generally also increase; however, during periods of commodity price declines, oilfield costs typically lag and do not adjust downward as fast as oil prices do. In addition, the U.S. has seen higher than normal inflation during 2023 and 2024. Inflationary pressures such as these may also result in increases to the costs of our oilfield goods, services and personnel, which can in turn cause our capital expenditures and operating costs to rise. 
 2024 Highlights 
 2024 Asset Acquisitions 
 On September 17, 2024, we completed the acquisition of oil and gas properties with certain affiliates of Occidental Petroleum Corporation for total cash consideration of 743.5 million, subject to customary post-closing purchase price adjustments (the Bolt-On Acquisition ). The Bolt-On Acquisition included approximately 29,500 net leasehold acres and approximately 9,900 net royalty acres that are predominately located directly offsetting our existing assets in Reeves County, Texas, as well as Eddy County, New Mexico. Additionally, the acquired assets in Reeves County include a fully integrated midstream system, consisting of over 100 miles of operated oil and gas gathering systems, approximately 10,000 surface acres, and water infrastructure including saltwater disposal wells, a recycling facility, frac ponds and water wells. The revenues and associated operating expenses from the Bolt-On Acquisition are included in our consolidation financial data as of September 30, 2024, but had a minimal impact to our third quarter results of operations due to the end of quarter acquisition close date. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed multiple acquisitions of oil and natural gas properties for a cumulative adjusted purchase price of approximately 363 million. These acquisitions are part of our ongoing bolt-on and grassroots acquisition programs. 
 Return of Capital Program 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we announced an update to our return of capital strategy including an increase to our quarterly base dividend to 0.15 per share 0.60 per share annually), representing a 150 increase to our prior base dividend. Additionally, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of 1 billion, replacing our existing 500 million program. These strategic return changes reinforce our commitment to maximizing shareholder value and continued focus on delivering leading shareholder returns. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we declared and paid quarterly base dividends totaling 0.17 per share of Class A Common Stock and distributions totaling 0.17 per share of Class C Common Stock (each of which has an underlying common unit of OpCo Common Units )). In addition, during the first nine months of 2024, we declared and paid variable dividends totaling 0.39 per share of Class A Common Stock and distributions totaling 0.39 per share of Class C Common Stock. The cash dividends and distributions paid to common unitholders totaled 440.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid 61.0 million to repurchase 3.8 million Common Units resulting in an equal number of the underlying shares of Class C Common Stock simultaneously being canceled under our stock repurchase program. 
 Financing 
 On August 5, 2024 we issued 1.0 billion of 6.25 senior notes due 2033 (the 2033 Senior Notes in a 144A private placement at par. We used the net proceeds from the 2033 Senior Notes to (i) fund the tender offer and remaining redemption of our 300 million 7.75 senior notes due 2026; (ii) fund a portion of the purchase price of the Bolt-On Acquisition; and (iii) repay a portion of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility. 
 On July 30, 2024, we completed an underwritten public offering of 26.5 million shares of our Class A Common Stock resulting in net cash proceeds of 402.2 million after underwriting discounts and commissions. The net proceeds from this equity offering were used to fund a portion of the aggregate purchase price of the Bolt-On Acquisition . 
 On April 5, 2024, we redeemed all of OpCo s outstanding 2027 6.875 Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to 100 of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of 356.4 million plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 In connection with the spring borrowing base redetermination in April 2024, we entered into the seventh amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Seventh Amendment ). The Seventh Amendment, among other things, increased the elected commitments under the Credit Agreement to 2.5 billion from 2.0 billion and reaffirmed the borrowing base at 4.0 billion. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table provides the components of our net revenues and net production (net of all royalties, overriding royalties and production due to others) for the periods indicated, as well as each period s average prices and average daily production volumes: Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 Net revenues (in thousands): Oil sales 1,099,318 660,445 438,873 66 Natural gas sales (1) 
 (37,087) 38,354 (75,441) (197) NGL sales (2) 
 153,340 59,742 93,598 157 Oil and gas sales 1,215,571 758,541 457,030 60 Average sales prices: Oil (per Bbl) 74.31 79.92 (5.61) (7) Effect of derivative settlements on average price (per Bbl) 0.09 0.69 (0.60) (87) Oil including the effects of hedging (per Bbl) 
 74.40 80.61 (6.21) (8) Average NYMEX WTI price for oil (per Bbl) 75.16 82.26 (7.10) (9) Oil differential from NYMEX (0.85) (2.34) 1.49 64 Natural gas price excluding the effects of GP T (per Mcf) (1) 
 (0.20) 1.93 (2.13) (110) Effect of derivative settlements on average price (per Mcf) 0.43 0.16 0.27 169 Natural gas including the effects of hedging (per Mcf) 
 0.23 2.09 (1.86) (89) Average NYMEX Henry Hub price for natural gas (per MMBtu) 2.08 2.58 (0.50) (19) Natural gas differential from NYMEX (2.28) (0.65) (1.63) (251) NGL price excluding the effects of GP T (per Bbl) (2) 
 22.35 23.67 (1.32) (6) Net production: 
 Oil (MBbls) 14,794 8,264 6,530 79 Natural gas (MMcf) 55,496 26,068 29,428 113 NGL (MBbls) 7,889 3,212 4,677 146 Total (MBoe) (3) 
 31,932 15,821 16,111 102 Average daily net production: 
 Oil (Bbls/d) 160,801 89,824 70,977 79 Natural gas (Mcf/d) 603,217 283,351 319,866 113 NGL (Bbls/d) 85,754 34,917 50,837 146 Total (Boe/d) (3) 
 347,091 171,966 175,125 102 
 (1) Natural gas sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 include 26.2 million of gathering, processing and transportation costs GP T that are reflected as a reduction to natural gas sales and 12.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Natural gas average sales price, however, excludes 0.47 per Mcf of such GP T charges for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 0.46 per Mcf for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (2) NGL sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 include 23.0 million of GP T that are reflected as a reduction to NGL sales and 16.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. NGL average sales price, however, excludes 2.91 per Bbl of such GP T charges for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 5.07 per Bbl for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (3) Calculated by converting natural gas to oil equivalent barrels at a ratio of six Mcf of natural gas to one Boe. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Oil, Natural Gas and NGL Sales Revenues . Total net revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 457.0 million (or 60 higher than total net revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Revenues are a function of oil, natural gas and NGL volumes sold and average commodity prices realized. 
 Net production volumes for oil, natural gas and NGLs increased 79 , 113 and 146 , respectively, between periods. The increase in oil production resulted from additional production added from wells acquired in the Earthstone Merger and from placing additional wells online since the third quarter of 2023. These oil volume increases were partially offset by normal production declines across our existing wells. Natural gas and NGLs are produced concurrently with our crude oil volumes, which typically result in a high correlation between fluctuations in oil quantities sold and natural gas and NGL quantities sold driving the 113 and 146 respective increases in gas and NGL volumes between periods. The higher increase in gas and NGL volumes between periods as compared to the 79 increase in oil volumes was due to the producing wells acquired in the Earthstone Merger, which have a higher gas-to-oil ratio than our existing production base, and this has resulted in more volumes of gas and NGLs being added to our total production stream since the closing of the Earthstone Merger on November 1, 2023. NGL volumes were further positively impacted by processors of our raw gas operating in higher ethane-recovery during the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the same 2023 period, which resulted in a higher percentage of NGLs being recovered from our wet gas stream between periods. 
 The average realized sales prices for oil and natural gas decreased 7 and 110 , respectively, in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same 2023 period. The 7 decrease in the average realized oil price was mainly the result of lower NYMEX crude prices partially offset by improved oil differentials realized between periods. The 110 decrease was mainly due to wider gas differentials realized on our gas sales, which are primarily sold at Waha where the market price averaged negative 1.00 per MMBtu during the third quarter of 2024 due to location specific market constraints as discussed under the Market Conditions section above. 
 Operating Expenses. The following table sets forth selected operating expense data for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 Change Operating costs (in thousands): Lease operating expenses 173,255 85,810 87,445 102 Severance and ad valorem taxes 91,548 58,942 32,606 55 Gathering, processing and transportation expenses 50,220 20,731 29,489 142 Operating cost metrics: Lease operating expenses (per Boe) 5.43 5.42 0.01 Severance and ad valorem taxes of revenue) 7.5 7.8 (0.3) (4) Gathering, processing and transportation expenses (per Boe) 1.57 1.31 0.26 20 
 Lease Operating Expenses. Lease operating expenses LOE per Boe for the third quarter of 2024 was 5.43 and consistent with our per Boe rate of 5.42 from the third quarter of 2023. On a nominal basis, LOE for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 87.4 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 and was the direct result of our significantly higher well count between periods primarily due to (i) wells acquired in the Earthstone Merger on November 1, 2023; and (ii) additional wells placed on production since September 30, 2023. 
 Severance and Ad Valorem Taxes. Severance and ad valorem taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 32.6 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Severance taxes are based on the market value of our oil and gas production at the wellhead, while ad valorem taxes are generally based on the assessed taxable value of proved developed oil and gas properties and vary across the different counties in which we operate. Severance taxes for the third quarter of 2024 increased 29.4 million compared to the same 2023 period primarily due to higher total operating revenues between periods. Ad valorem taxes between periods also increased by 3.2 million, mainly due to additional expense incurred on the proved developed properties acquired in the Earthstone Merger. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Gathering, Processing and Transportation Expenses. Gathering, processing and transportation costs GP T for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 29.5 million as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase in expense was mainly attributable to higher natural gas and NGL volumes sold between periods, which in turn resulted in a higher amount of plant processing fees and gathering costs being incurred. Additionally, GP T increased 20 on a per Boe basis from 1.31 for the third quarter of 2023 to 1.57 for the third quarter of 2024. This increase in rate was mainly attributable to a higher portion of our GP T costs being recognized as expense as compared to a reduction to our gas and NGL revenues between periods primarily related to processing contracts assumed as part of the Earthstone Merger. 
 Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization. The following table summarizes our depreciation, depletion and amortization DD A for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per Boe data) 2024 
 2023 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 453,603 236,204 Depreciation, depletion and amortization per Boe 14.21 14.93 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, DD A expense amounted to 453.6 million, an increase of 217.4 million over the same 2023 period. The primary factor contributing to higher DD A expense in 2024 was the increase in our overall production volumes between periods, which increased DD A expense by 240.5 million, while our lower DD A rate of 14.21 per BOE decreased DD A expense by 23.1 million between periods. 
 DD A per BOE was 14.21 for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to 14.93 for the same period in 2023, a 5 decline between periods. Our DD A rate can fluctuate as a result of finding and development costs incurred, acquisitions, impairments, as well as changes in proved developed and proved undeveloped reserves. 
 General and Administrative Expenses. The following table summarizes our general and administrative G A expenses for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash general and administrative expenses 30,246 18,886 Stock-based compensation 
 13,537 15,633 General and administrative expenses 43,783 34,519 Cash general and administrative expenses per Boe 
 0.95 1.19 
 G A expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 43.8 million compared to 34.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Higher G A in the third quarter of 2024 was the result of an increase of 11.4 million in cash G A between periods primarily associated with our overall corporate growth between periods and associated higher G A headcount, which increased from 179 as of September 30, 2023 to 260 as of September 30, 2024 stemming from the Earthstone Merger. This increase was partially offset by a 2.1 million decrease in stock-based compensation between periods related to less expenses associated with accelerated vestings of equity awards associated with employees terminated in connection with the merger with Colgate Energy Partners III, LLC (the Colgate Merger on September 1, 2022. Refer to Note 6 Stock-Based Compensation for additional information regarding these award accelerations and modifications. 
 While cash G A increased between periods, on a per Boe basis, our Cash G A rate decreased 20 from 1.19 per Boe during the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 0.95 per Boe during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of improved operational execution and realization of cost synergies following the Earthstone Merger. 
 Merger and integration expense. There was no merger and integration expense incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as integration of the Earthstone Merger was complete. Merger and integration expense incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2023 was 10.4 million. These charges related to the Colgate Merger that closed on September 1, 2022 and consisted of (i) 0.7 million in severance and related benefits associated with employees that were terminated in connection with the Colgate Merger; and (ii) 9.7 million of costs associated with consultancy, legal and accounting fees. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Exploration and Other Expenses. The following table summarizes our exploration and other expenses for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 
 2023 Geological and geophysical costs 5,297 2,132 Stock-based compensation 
 569 387 Other expenses 1,096 2,512 Exploration and other expenses 6,962 5,031 
 Exploration and other expenses were 7.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Exploration and other expenses mainly consist of topographical studies, geographical and geophysical G G projects, salaries and expenses of G G personnel and include other operating costs. The period over period increase was primarily related to (i) higher G G personnel costs in the third quarter of 2024 associated with increased headcount due to the Earthstone Merger; and (ii) higher costs incurred on G G projects and seismic studies in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Other Income and Expenses. 
 Interest Expense. The following table summarizes our interest expense for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Credit facility 4,015 7,067 5.375 Senior Notes due 2026 3,889 3,889 7.75 Senior Notes due 2026 2,390 5,813 6.875 Senior Notes due 2027 6,125 8.00 Senior Notes due 2027 
 11,000 3.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 1,381 1,381 5.875 Senior Notes due 2029 10,281 10,281 9.875 Senior Notes due 2031 
 12,344 7.00 Senior Notes due 2032 
 17,500 1,847 6.25 Senior Notes due 2033 
 9,722 Amortization of debt issuance costs, discount and premium 1,752 5,580 Interest capitalized (1,657) Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 5,110 Other interest expense 550 256 Total 79,934 40,582 
 Interest expense increased 39.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to (i) 23.3 million in additional interest costs on the senior notes we assumed in the Earthstone Merger; (ii) 15.7 million in higher interest incurred on our 2032 Senior Notes that were issued in September 2023 and December 2023; and (iii) 9.7 million in interest incurred on our 2033 Senior Notes that were issued in July 2024. These increases were partially offset by (i) the redemption of our 2027 6.875 Senior Notes in April 2024 and the redemption of our 2026 7.75 Senior Notes in August 2024 that resulted in 4.4 million less interest incurred period over period, inclusive of the loss on extinguishment associated with their extinguishment (refer to Note 4 Long-Term Debt for additional information regarding the senior note redemptions); and (ii) 3.2 million less interest expense incurred on our credit facility due to lower weighted average borrowings outstanding, which were 92.0 million versus 317.3 million for the three months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Net Gain (Loss) on Derivative Instruments. Net gains and losses are a function of (i) changes in derivative fair values associated with fluctuations in the forward price curves for the commodities underlying each of our hedge contracts outstanding; and (ii) monthly cash settlements on any closed out hedge positions during the period. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents gains and losses on our derivative instruments for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Realized cash settlement gains (losses) 
 25,431 9,891 Non-cash mark-to-market derivative gain (loss) 
 213,102 (161,672) Total 
 238,533 (151,781) 
 Income Tax Expense . The following table summarizes our pre-tax income and income tax expense for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Income before income taxes 
 562,995 114,583 Income tax expense 
 (106,468) (16,254) 
 Our provisions for income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 differs from the amounts that would be provided by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 to pre-tax book income primarily due to (i) the portion of pre-tax net income that is attributable to our non-controlling interest and which is therefore not taxable to the Company; (ii) other permanent differences; and (iii) state income taxes. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we generated pre-tax net income of 563.0 million and recorded income tax expense of 106.5 million. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we generated pre-tax net income of 114.6 million and recorded income tax expense of 16.3 million. The primary factor decreasing our income tax expense below the U.S. statutory rate for both periods was the portion of pre-tax income that was attributable to our non-controlling interest partners and not taxable to the Company. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table provides the components of our net revenues and net production (net of all royalties, overriding royalties and production due to others) for the periods indicated, as well as each period s average prices and average daily production volumes: Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 Net revenues (in thousands): Oil sales 3,265,303 1,734,057 1,531,246 88 Natural gas sales (1) 
 (21,351) 94,123 (115,474) (123) NGL sales (2) 
 460,701 170,027 290,674 171 Oil and gas sales 
 3,704,653 1,998,207 1,706,446 85 Average sales prices: Oil (per Bbl) 76.80 75.42 1.38 2 Effect of derivative settlements on average price (per Bbl) (0.37) 2.51 (2.88) (115) Oil including the effect of hedging (per Bbl) 
 76.43 77.93 (1.50) (2) Average NYMEX WTI price for oil (per Bbl) 77.54 77.39 0.15 Oil differential from NYMEX (0.74) (1.97) 1.23 62 Natural gas price excluding the effects of GP T (per Mcf) (1) 
 0.33 1.66 (1.33) (80) Effect of derivative settlements on average price (per Mcf) 0.34 0.41 (0.07) (17) Natural gas including the effects of hedging (per Mcf) 
 0.67 2.07 (1.40) (68) Average NYMEX Henry Hub price for natural gas (per MMBtu) 2.18 2.46 (0.28) (11) Natural gas differential from NYMEX (1.85) (0.80) (1.05) (131) NGL price excluding the effects of GP T (per Bbl) (2) 
 23.63 23.69 (0.06) Net production: 
 Oil (MBbls) 42,519 22,994 19,525 85 Natural gas (MMcf) 162,522 75,134 87,388 116 NGL (MBbls) 22,229 9,241 12,988 141 Total (MBoe) (3) 
 91,835 44,758 47,077 105 Average daily net production: 
 Oil (Bbls/d) 155,180 84,225 70,955 84 Natural gas (Mcf/d) 593,144 275,215 317,929 116 NGLs (Bbls/d) 81,129 33,852 47,277 140 Total (Boe/d) (3) 
 335,166 163,946 171,220 104 
 (1) Natural gas sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 include 75.1 million of GP T that are reflected as a reduction to natural gas sales and 30.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Natural gas average sales price, however, excludes 0.46 per Mcf of such GP T charges for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 0.41 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (2) NGL sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 include 64.7 million of GP T that are reflected as a reduction to NGL sales and 48.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. NGL average sales price, however, excludes 2.90 per Bbl of such GP T charges for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 5.29 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (3) Calculated by converting natural gas to oil equivalent barrels at a ratio of six Mcf of natural gas to one Boe. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Oil, Natural Gas and NGL Sales Revenues . Total net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 1.7 billion, or 85 , higher than total net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Revenues are a function of oil, natural gas and NGL volumes sold and average commodity prices realized. 
 Net production volumes for oil, natural gas, and NGLs increased 85 , 116 , and 141 , respectively, between periods. The increase in oil production resulted from additional production added from wells acquired in the Earthstone Merger and from placing additional wells online since the third quarter of 2023. These oil volume increases were partially offset by normal production declines across our existing wells. Natural gas and NGLs are produced concurrently with our crude oil volumes, which typically result in a high correlation between fluctuations in oil quantities sold and natural gas and NGL quantities sold driving the 116 and 141 , respective increases in gas and NGL volumes between periods. The higher increase in gas and NGL volumes between periods as compared to the 85 increase in oil volumes was due to the producing wells acquired in the Earthstone Merger, which have a higher gas-to-oil ratio than our existing production base, and this has resulted in more volumes of gas and NGLs being added to our total production stream since the closing of the Earthstone Merger on November 1, 2023. NGL volumes were further positively impacted by processors of our raw gas operating in higher ethane-recovery during the first nine months of 2024 as compared to the same 2023 period, which resulted in a higher percentage of NGLs being recovered from our wet gas stream between periods. 
 Total net revenues increases were also driven by higher average realized sales prices of oil, which increased 2 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same 2023 period. The 2 increase in the average realized oil price was mainly the result of improved oil differentials between periods. 
 These increases were partially offset by decreases in the average realized sales prices for natural gas which decreased 80 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same 2023 period. This decrease was mainly due to wider gas differentials realized on our gas sales, which are primarily sold at Waha where the market price averaged negative 0.15 per MMBtu during the first nine months of 2024 compared to 1.56 for the first nine months of 2023 due to location specific market constraints as discussed under the Market Conditions section above. 
 Operating Expenses. The following table summarizes our operating expenses for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 
 2023 Change Operating costs (in thousands): Lease operating expenses 501,597 243,333 258,264 106 Severance and ad valorem taxes 280,784 156,378 124,406 80 Gathering, processing and transportation expenses 133,020 57,966 75,054 129 Operating cost metrics: Lease operating expenses (per Boe) 5.46 5.44 0.02 Severance and ad valorem taxes of revenue) 7.6 7.8 (0.2) (3) Gathering, processing and transportation expenses (per Boe) 1.45 1.30 0.15 12 
 Lease Operating Expenses. LOE per Boe was 5.46 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which was consistent with our per Boe rate of 5.44 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. On a nominal basis, LOE for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 258.3 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and was related to our significantly higher well count between periods primarily due to (i) wells acquired in the Earthstone Merger on November 1, 2023; and (ii) additional wells placed on production since September 30, 2023. 
 Severance and Ad Valorem Taxes. Severance and ad valorem taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 124.4 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Severance taxes are based on the market value of our production at the wellhead, while ad valorem taxes are generally based on the assessed taxable value of our proved developed oil and gas properties and vary across the different counties in which we operate. Severance taxes for the first nine months of 2024 increased 109.3 million compared to the same 2023 period primarily due to higher total operating revenues between periods. Ad valorem taxes between periods also increased by 15.1 million, mainly due to additional expense incurred on the proved developed properties acquired in the Earthstone Merger. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Gathering, Processing and Transportation Expenses. GP T for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 75.1 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase in expense was mainly attributable to higher natural gas and NGL volumes sold between periods, which in turn resulted in a higher amount of plant processing fees and gathering costs being incurred. Additionally, GP T increased on a per Boe basis from 1.30 for the first nine months of 2023 to 1.45 for the first nine months of 2024. This increase in rate was mainly attributable to a higher portion of our GP T costs being recognized as expense as compared to a reduction to our gas and NGL revenues between periods primarily related to processing contracts assumed as part of the Earthstone Merger. 
 Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization. The following table summarizes our DD A for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per Boe data) 2024 2023 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 1,290,210 640,149 Depreciation, depletion and amortization per Boe 14.05 14.30 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, DD A expense amounted to 1.3 billion, an increase of 650.1 million over the same 2023 period. The primary factor contributing to higher DD A expense in 2024 was the increase in our overall production volumes between periods, which increased DD A expense by 673.3 million during the first nine months of 2024, while slightly lower DD A rates between periods decreased DD A expense by 23.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 DD A per BOE was 14.05 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 14.30 for the same period in 2023, a 2 decline between periods. Our DD A rate can fluctuate as a result of finding and development costs incurred, acquisitions, impairments, as well as changes in proved developed and proved undeveloped reserves. 
 General and Administrative Expenses. The following table summarizes our G A expenses for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 
 2023 Cash general and administrative expenses 84,791 55,347 Stock-based compensation expense 45,094 67,382 General and administrative expenses 129,885 122,729 Cash general and administrative expenses per Boe 
 0.92 1.24 
 G A expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 129.9 million compared to 122.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Higher G A for the first nine months of 2024 was the result of an increase of 29.4 million in cash G A between periods primarily associated with our overall corporate growth between periods and associated higher G A headcount, which increased from 179 as of September 30, 2023 to 260 as of September 30, 2024 stemming primarily from the Earthstone Merger. This increase was partially offset by a 22.3 million decrease in total stock-based compensation expense between periods related to less expenses associated with accelerated vestings of equity awards primarily for employees terminated in connection with the Colgate Merger on September 1, 2022. Refer to Note 6 Stock-Based Compensation for additional information regarding these award accelerations and modifications. 
 While cash G A increased between periods, on a per Boe basis our Cash G A rate decreased 26 from 1.24 per Boe during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 0.92 per Boe during the nine months ended of 2024 as a result of improved operational execution and realization of cost synergies following the Earthstone Merger. 
 Merger and integration expense. Merger and integration expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 18.1 million. These charges incurred during the 2024 period mainly related to the Earthstone Merger that closed on November 1, 2023 and consisted of (i) 13.2 million in severance and related benefits incurred for employees that were terminated in connection with our corporate mergers; and (ii) 4.9 million in charges associated with software integration, consultancy and other professional fees. 
 Merger and integration expense incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 28.1 million. These charges related to the Colgate Merger that closed on September 1, 2022 and consisted of (i) 14.5 million in severance and related benefits associated with employees that were terminated in connection with the Colgate Merger; and (ii) 13.6 million of costs associated with consultancy, legal and accounting fees. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Exploration and Other Expenses. The following table summarizes our exploration and other expenses for the periods indicated: Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 
 2023 Geological and geophysical costs 11,488 8,204 Stock-based compensation 
 1,619 2,203 Other expenses 11,321 4,261 Exploration and other expenses 24,428 14,668 
 Exploration and other expenses were 24.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 14.7 million for the same prior year period. Exploration and other expenses mainly consist of topographical studies, G G projects, salaries and expenses of G G personnel and includes other operating costs. The period over period increase was primarily related to (i) an estimated net contingency loss of 7.6 million recorded during 2024 associated with charges that have been in legal dispute and stemmed from a severe winter storm impacting the Permian Basin in February 2021 (refer to Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies for additional information regarding the contingency loss); and (ii) higher G G personnel costs associated with increased headcount. 
 Other Income and Expenses. 
 Interest Expense. The following table summarizes our interest expense for the periods indicated: Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Credit facility 13,657 23,226 5.375 Senior Notes due 2026 11,667 11,667 7.75 Senior Notes due 2026 14,016 17,439 6.875 Senior Notes due 2027 6,397 18,375 8.00 Senior Notes due 2027 
 33,000 3.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 4,143 4,143 5.875 Senior Notes due 2029 30,843 30,843 9.875 Senior Notes due 2031 
 37,032 7.00 Senior Notes due 2032 
 52,500 1,847 6.25 Senior Notes due 2033 
 9,722 Amortization of debt issuance costs, discount and premium 4,752 11,858 Interest capitalized (5,774) Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 8,585 Other interest expense 1,659 561 Total 227,973 114,185 
 Interest expense was 113.8 million higher for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same 2023 period mainly due to (i) 70.0 million in additional interest costs on the senior notes we assumed in the Earthstone Merger; (ii) 50.7 million in higher interest incurred on our 2032 Senior Notes that were issued in September 2023 and December 2023; and (iii) 9.7 million in interest incurred on our 2033 Senior Notes that were issued in July 2024. These increases were partially offset by (i) 9.6 million less interest expense incurred on our credit facility due to lower weighted average borrowings outstanding, which were 136.4 million versus 380.5 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively; and (ii) the redemption of our 2027 6.875 Senior Notes in April 2024 and the redemption of our 2026 7.75 Senior Notes in August 2024 that resulted in 6.8 million less interest incurred period over period, inclusive of the loss on extinguishment associated with their redemptions (refer to Note 4 Long-Term Debt for additional information regarding the senior note redemptions). 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Net Gain (Loss) on Derivative Instruments. Net gains and losses are a function of (i) changes in derivative fair values associated with fluctuations in the forward price curves for the commodities underlying each of our hedge contracts outstanding and (ii) monthly cash settlements on any closed out hedge positions during the period. 
 The following table presents gains and losses on our derivative instruments for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Realized cash settlement gains (losses) 
 40,340 88,905 Non-cash mark-to-market derivative gain (loss) 
 91,362 (165,573) Total 
 131,702 (76,668) 
 Income Tax Expense . The following table summarizes our pre-tax income and income tax expense for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Income before income taxes 
 1,232,727 544,140 Income tax expense 
 (237,697) (77,056) 
 Our provisions for income taxes for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 differs from the amounts that would be provided by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 to pre-tax book income primarily due to (i) the portion of pre-tax net income that is attributable to our non-controlling interest and which is therefore not taxable to the Company; (ii) other permanent differences; and (iii) state income taxes. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 we generated pre-tax net income of 1.2 billion and recorded income tax expense of 237.7 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we generated pre-tax net income of 544.1 million and recorded income tax expense of 77.1 million. The primary factor decreasing our income tax expense below the U.S. statutory rate for both periods was the portion of pre-tax income that was attributable to our non-controlling interest partners and not taxable to the Company. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our drilling and completion activities require us to make significant capital expenditures. Historically, our primary sources of liquidity have been cash flows from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, proceeds from offerings of debt or equity securities, or proceeds from the sale of oil and gas properties. Our future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including oil and natural gas prices, which have been and will likely continue to be volatile. Lower commodity prices can negatively impact our cash flows and our ability to access debt or equity markets, and sustained low oil and natural gas prices could have a material and adverse effect on our liquidity position. To date, our primary uses of capital have been for drilling and development capital expenditures and the acquisition of oil and natural gas properties. 
 We continually evaluate our capital needs and compare them to our capital resources. Our total cash capital expenditures incurred for development during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 1.6 billion. We expect our total drilling, completion and facilities cash capital expenditures budget for 2024 to be between 1.9 billion to 2.1 billion. We funded our capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 entirely from cash flows from operations, and we expect to fund the remainder of our 2024 capital expenditures budget entirely from cash flows from operations given our anticipated level of oil and gas production, current commodity prices and our commodity hedge positions in place. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we completed an underwritten public offering of 26.5 million shares of our Class A Common Stock resulting in net cash proceeds of 402.2 million after underwriting discounts and commissions. Additionally, we issued 1.0 billion of 6.25 senior notes due 2033 in a 144A private placement at par. We used the net proceeds from these offerings to (i) fund the tender offer and remaining redemption of our 300 million 7.75 senior notes due 2026; (ii) fund the 743.5 million purchase price of the Bolt-On Acquisition; and (iii) repay borrowings outstanding under our credit facility. 
 We are the operator of a high percentage of our acreage and can control the amount and timing of our capital expenditures. Accordingly, we can choose to defer or accelerate a portion of our planned capital expenditures depending on a variety of factors, including but not limited to: (i) prevailing and anticipated prices for oil and natural gas; (ii) oil storage or transportation constraints; (iii) the success of our drilling activities; (iv) the availability of necessary equipment, infrastructure and capital; (v) the receipt and timing of required regulatory permits and approvals; (vi) seasonal conditions; (vii) property or land acquisition costs; and (viii) the level of participation by other working interest owners. 
 We plan to return capital to shareholders through a combination of a quarterly base dividend plus a variable return program, including variable dividends, share repurchases or a combination of both. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we declared and paid quarterly base dividends totaling 0.17 per share of Class A Common Stock and distributions totaling 0.17 per share of Class C Common Stock (each of which has an underlying Common Unit of OpCo). In addition, during the first three quarters of 2024, we declared and paid variable dividends totaling 0.39 per share of Class A Common Stock and distributions totaling 0.39 per share of Class C Common Stock. The cash dividends and distributions paid to common unitholders totaled 440.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Additionally, we repurchased 3.8 million shares of Class C Common Stock for 61.0 million under our stock repurchase program during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 On September 3, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program to allow for share repurchases of up to 1 billion on an indefinite basis, replacing our existing 500 million stock repurchase program. The stock repurchase program can be used to reduce our shares of common stock outstanding. Such repurchases would be made at terms and prices determined by us based upon prevailing market conditions, applicable legal requirements, available liquidity, compliance with our debt agreements and other factors. In addition, we may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding senior notes through cash purchases and/or exchanges for debt in open-market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. 
 
 Although we cannot provide any assurance that cash flows from operations or other sources of needed capital will be available to us at acceptable terms, or at all, and noting that our ability to access the public or private debt or equity capital markets at economic terms in the future will be affected by general economic conditions, the domestic and global oil and financial markets, our operational and financial performance, the value and performance of our debt or equity securities, prevailing commodity prices and other macroeconomic factors outside of our control, we believe that based on our current expectations and projections, we will have sufficient capital available to fund our capital expenditure requirements through the 12-month period following the filing of this Quarterly Report and the long-term. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Analysis of Cash Flow Changes 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 2,540,390 1,367,505 Net cash used in investing activities (2,563,819) (1,095,187) Net cash used in financing activities 222,196 (129,973) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we generated 2.5 billion of cash from operating activities, an increase of 1.2 billion from the same period in 2023. Cash provided by operating activities increased primarily due to higher production volumes and higher realized price of oil as well as the timing of our collections on our receivables for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same 2023 period. These increasing factors were partially offset by higher lease operating expenses, severance and ad valorem taxes, GP T and cash G A and lower realized prices for gas during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same 2023 period. Refer to Results of Operations for more information on the impact of volumes and prices on revenues and on fluctuations in our operating costs between periods. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash flows from operating activities, proceeds from the issuance of our 2033 Senior Notes and proceeds from an underwritten public offering of 26.5 million Class A shares were used to (i) fund 1.6 billion of drilling and development cash capital expenditures; (ii) fund acquisitions of oil and gas properties of 1.0 billion; (iii) redeem 656.4 million of our senior notes; (iv) pay 440.3 million in dividends and cash distributions to our shareholders and holders of our Common Units; and (v) repurchase 61.0 million of our common stock. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand, proceeds from the issuance of our 2032 Senior Notes and sales proceeds from divestitures together with contingent consideration of 119.2 million from the sale of oil and natural gas properties were used to (i) fund 1.1 billion of drilling and development cash expenditures; (ii) repay net borrowings of 385 million under our Credit Agreement; (iii) pay 143.1 million in dividends and cash distributions to our shareholders and holders of our Common Units; (iv) fund acquisitions of oil and gas properties of 116.9 million; (v) repurchase 57.3 million of our common stock; and (vi) purchase an office building in Midland, Texas for 27.5 million. 
 Credit Agreement 
 OpCo, our consolidated subsidiary, has a five-year secured revolving Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks maturing in February 2027 that, as of September 30, 2024, had a borrowing base of 4.0 billion and elected commitments of 2.5 billion. As of September 30, 2024, we had 0.0 million in borrowings outstanding and 2.5 billion in available borrowing capacity, which was net of 2.5 million in letters of credit outstanding. 
 In connection with the 2024 spring borrowing base redetermination, we entered into the Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement, which, among other things, increased the elected commitments under the Credit Agreement to 2.5 billion from 2.0 billion and reaffirmed the borrowing base at 4.0 billion. The elected commitments and borrowing base were reaffirmed during the fall 2024 borrowing base redetermination that also resulted in us entering into the eighth amendment to our Credit Agreement (the Eighth Amendment ). The Eighth Amendment, among other things, also extended the maturity date from February 2027 to February 2028 and adjusted the applicable margin calculation to a pricing grid based upon borrowing base utilization. 
 The Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants that limit our ability to, among other things: (i) incur additional indebtedness; (ii) make investments and loans; (iii) enter into mergers; (iv) make restricted payments; (v) repurchase or redeem junior debt; (vi) enter into commodity hedges exceeding a specified percentage of our expected production; (vii) enter into interest rate hedges exceeding a specified percentage of its outstanding indebtedness; (viii) incur liens; (ix) sell assets; and (x) engage in transactions with affiliates. 
 The Credit Agreement also requires OpCo to maintain compliance with the following financial ratios: 
 (i) a current ratio, which is the ratio of OpCo s consolidated current assets (including an add back of unused commitments under the revolving credit facility and excluding non-cash derivative assets and certain restricted cash) to its consolidated current liabilities (excluding the current portion of long-term debt under the Credit Agreement and non-cash derivative liabilities), of not less than 1.0 to 1.0; and 
 (ii) a leverage ratio, which is the ratio of total funded debt to consolidated EBITDAX (with such terms defined within the Credit Agreement) for the most recent quarter annualized, of not greater than 3.5 to 1.0. 
 The Credit Agreement includes fall away covenants, lower interest rates and reduced collateral requirements that OpCo may elect if OpCo is assigned an Investment Grade Rating (as defined within the Credit Agreement). OpCo was in compliance with the covenants and the applicable financial ratios described above as of September 30, 2024 and through the filing of this 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Quarterly Report. For further information on the Credit Agreement, refer to Note 4 Long-Term Debt under Part I, Item I of this Quarterly Report. 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 On March 19, 2021, OpCo issued 150.0 million of 3.25 senior unsecured convertible notes due 2028 (the Convertible Senior Notes ). On March 26, 2021, OpCo issued an additional 20.0 million of Convertible Senior Notes pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option to purchase additional notes. These issuances resulted in aggregate net proceeds to OpCo of 163.6 million, which were used to repay borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement and to fund the cost of entering into capped call spread transactions of 14.7 million. Subsequently in April 2021, we redeemed at par all of our 8 second lien senior secured notes, which was the intended use of proceeds from the Convertible Senior Notes offering. 
 The Convertible Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company and each of OpCo s current subsidiaries that guarantee OpCo s outstanding Senior Unsecured Notes as defined below. 
 The Convertible Senior Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 3.25 and are due on April 1, 2028 unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. The Convertible Senior Notes may become convertible prior to April 1, 2028, upon the occurrence of certain events or conditions being met as disclosed in Note 4 Long-Term Debt under Part I, Item I of this Quarterly Report. As of September 30, 2024, certain conditions have been met, and as a result, noteholders have the right to convert their Convertible Senior Notes. OpCo can settle the Convertible Senior Notes by paying or delivering cash, shares of the Class A Common Stock, or a combination of cash and Class A Common Stock, at OpCo s election. 
 In connection with the Convertible Senior Notes issuance, OpCo entered into privately negotiated capped call spread transactions (the Capped Call Transactions ), that are expected to reduce potential dilution to our Class A Common Stock upon a conversion and/or offset any cash payments OpCo is required to make in excess of the principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes, subject to a cap. The Capped Call Transactions have an initial strike price of 6.28 per share of Class A Common Stock and an initial capped price of 8.4525 per share of Class A Common Stock (each subject to certain customary adjustments). 
 Senior Notes 
 On August 5, 2024, OpCo issued at par 1.0 billion of 6.25 senior notes due 2033 (the 2033 Senior Notes in a 144A private placement that resulted in net proceeds of 986.4 million, after deducting 13.6 million debt issuance costs. 
 On November 1, 2023, in connection with the Earthstone Merger, OpCo entered into supplemental indentures whereby all of Earthstone s outstanding senior notes were assumed and became the senior unsecured debt obligations of OpCo. The senior notes assumed by OpCo included 550 million of 8.00 senior notes due 2027 (the 2027 8.00 Senior Notes and 500 million of 9.875 senior notes due 2031 (the 2031 Senior Notes ). We recorded the acquired senior notes at their fair values as of the Earthstone Merger closing date, which were equal to 102.86 of par (a 15.7 million premium) for the 2027 8.00 Senior Notes and 107.37 of par (a 36.8 million premium) for the 2031 Senior Notes. 
 On September 12, 2023, OpCo issued 500 million of 7.00 senior notes due 2032 (the Original 2032 Notes in a 144A private placement. On December 13, 2023, OpCo issued additional notes under the indenture dated September 12, 2023 that totaled an additional 500 million of 7.00 senior notes (together with the Original 2032 Notes, the 2032 Senior Notes ), which resulted in aggregate net proceeds of 982.5 million, after deducting the issuance discount of 2.5 million and debt issuance costs of 15.0 million. The 2032 Senior Notes are treated as a single series of securities and vote together as a single class, and have substantially identical terms, other than the issue date and issue price. 
 On September 1, 2022, in connection with the Colgate Merger, OpCo entered into supplemental indentures whereby all of Colgate s outstanding senior notes were assumed at the Colgate Merger closing date and became the senior unsecured debt obligations of OpCo. The senior notes assumed by OpCo included 300 million of 7.75 senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 7.75 Senior Notes and 700 million of 5.875 senior notes due 2029 (the 2029 Senior Notes ). We recorded the acquired senior notes at their fair value as of the Colgate Merger closing, which were equal to 100 of par for the 2026 7.75 Senior Notes and 92.96 of par (a 49.3 million debt discount) for the 2029 Senior Notes. In August 2024, we redeemed 299.6 million of our outstanding 2026 7.75 Senior Notes through a cash tender offer and we irrevocably elected to redeem the remaining amount of the 2026 7.75 Senior Notes outstanding pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing the 2026 7.75 Senior Notes. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 On November 30, 2017, OpCo issued 400.0 million of 5.375 senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 5.375 Senior Notes and on March 15, 2019, OpCo issued 500.0 million of 6.875 senior notes due 2027 (the 2027 6.875 Senior Notes and, together with the 2027 8.00 Senior Notes, 2031 Senior Notes, 2032 Senior Notes, 2026 5.375 Senior Notes, 2029 Senior Notes and the 2026 7.75 Senior Notes, the Senior Unsecured Notes in 144A private placements. In May 2020, 110.6 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 5.375 Senior Notes and 143.7 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 6.875 Senior Notes were validly tendered and exchanged by certain eligible bondholders for consideration consisting of 127.1 million aggregate principal amount of 8.00 second lien senior secured notes, which were fully redeemed at par in connection with the Convertible Senior Notes issuance during the second quarter of 2021. On April 5, 2024, we redeemed all of OpCo s remaining outstanding 2027 6.875 Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to 100 of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of 356.4 million. 
 The Senior Unsecured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company and each of OpCo s current subsidiaries that guarantee borrowings under OpCo s Credit Agreement. 
 The indentures governing the Senior Unsecured Notes contain covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions and qualifications, limit OpCo s ability and the ability of OpCo s restricted subsidiaries to: (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue certain types of preferred stock; (ii) pay dividends on capital stock or redeem, repurchase or retire capital stock or subordinated indebtedness; (iii) transfer or sell assets; (iv) make investments; (v) create certain liens; (vi) enter into agreements that restrict dividends or other payments from their subsidiaries to them; (vii) consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of their assets; (viii) engage in transactions with affiliates; and (ix) create unrestricted subsidiaries. OpCo was in compliance with these covenants as of September 30, 2024 and through the filing of this Quarterly Report. 
 For further information on our Convertible Senior Notes and Senior Unsecured Notes, refer to Note 4 Long-Term Debt under Part I, Item I of this Quarterly Report. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our contractual obligations include operating and transportation agreements, drilling rig contracts, office and equipment leases, asset retirement obligations, long-term debt obligations and cash interest expense on long-term debt obligations, which we routinely enter into, modify or extend. Since December 31, 2023, there have not been any significant, non-routine changes in our contractual obligations other than (i) the NGL delivery commitment assumed and multi-year energy purchase agreement entered into as discussed in Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies under Part I, Item I of this Quarterly Report; and (ii) the drilling rig contracts entered into as discussed in Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under Part I, Item I of this Quarterly Report. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 There have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies as disclosed in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 There were no significant new accounting standards adopted or new accounting pronouncements that would have potential effects on us or our financial statements as of September 30, 2024. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The term market risk as it applies to our business refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in oil and natural gas prices and interest rates, and we are exposed to market risk as described below. The primary objective of the following information is to provide quantitative and qualitative information about our potential exposure to market risks. The disclosures are not meant to be precise indicators of expected future losses, but rather indicators of reasonably possible losses. All of our market risk sensitive instruments were entered into for purposes other than speculative trading. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 Our primary market risk exposure is in the pricing that we receive for our oil, natural gas and NGL production. Pricing for oil, natural gas and NGLs has been volatile and unpredictable for several years, and we expect this volatility to continue for the foreseeable future. Based on our production for the first nine months of 2024, our oil and gas sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 would have moved up or down 326.5 million for each 10 change in oil prices per Bbl, 2.1 million for each 10 change in natural gas prices per Mcf, and 46.1 million for each 10 change in NGL prices per Bbl. 
 Due to this volatility, we have historically used, and we may elect to continue to selectively use, commodity derivative instruments (such as collars, swaps, puts and basis swaps) to mitigate price risk associated with a portion of our anticipated production. Our derivative instruments allow us to reduce, but not eliminate, the potential effects of the variability in cash flows that can emanate from fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices, and thereby provide increased certainty of cash flows for our drilling program and debt service requirements. These instruments provide only partial price protection against declines in oil and natural gas prices, but alternatively they partially limit our potential gains from future increases in prices. Our Credit Agreement limits our ability to enter into commodity hedges covering greater than 85 of our reasonably anticipated projected production from proved properties. 
 The table below summarizes the terms of the derivative contracts we had in place as of September 30, 2024 and additional contracts entered into through October 31, 2024. Refer to Note 7 Derivative Instruments in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for open derivative positions as of September 30, 2024. Period Volume (Bbls) Volume (Bbls/d) Wtd. Avg. Crude Price 
 /Bbl) (1) 
 Crude oil swaps 
 October 2024 - December 2024 3,772,000 41,000 75.08 January 2025 - March 2025 3,870,000 43,000 75.15 April 2025 - June 2025 3,913,000 43,000 73.85 July 2025 - September 2025 3,956,000 43,000 72.65 October 2025 - December 2025 3,956,000 43,000 71.62 January 2026 - March 2026 1,575,000 17,500 71.49 April 2026 - June 2026 1,592,500 17,500 70.61 July 2026 - September 2026 1,610,000 17,500 69.77 October 2026 - December 2026 1,610,000 17,500 69.08 Period Volume (Bbls) Volume (Bbls/d) Wtd. Avg. Collar Price Ranges 
 /Bbl) (2) 
 Crude oil collars October 2024 - December 2024 184,000 2,000 60.00 - 76.01 
 Period Volume (Bbls) Volume (Bbls/d) Wtd. Avg. Put Price 
 /Bbl) (3) 
 Deferred Premium 
 /Bbl) (3) 
 Deferred premium puts 
 October 2024 - December 2024 230,000 2,500 65.00 4.96 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Period Volume (Bbls) Volume (Bbls/d) Wtd. Avg. Differential 
 /Bbl) (4) 
 Crude oil basis differential swaps October 2024 - December 2024 4,186,000 45,500 0.97 January 2025 - March 2025 3,870,000 43,000 1.11 April 2025 - June 2025 3,913,000 43,000 1.11 July 2025 - September 2025 3,956,000 43,000 1.11 October 2025 - December 2025 3,956,000 43,000 1.11 January 2026 - March 2026 1,575,000 17,500 1.15 April 2026 - June 2026 1,592,500 17,500 1.15 July 2026 - September 2026 1,610,000 17,500 1.15 October 2026 - December 2026 1,610,000 17,500 1.15 
 Period Volume (Bbls) Volume (Bbls/d) Wtd. Avg. Differential 
 /Bbl) (5) 
 Crude oil roll differential swaps October 2024 - December 2024 4,186,000 45,500 0.55 January 2025 - March 2025 3,870,000 43,000 0.42 April 2025 - June 2025 3,913,000 43,000 0.42 July 2025 - September 2025 3,956,000 43,000 0.42 October 2025 - December 2025 3,956,000 43,000 0.42 January 2026 - March 2026 1,575,000 17,500 0.28 April 2026 - June 2026 1,592,500 17,500 0.28 July 2026 - September 2026 1,610,000 17,500 0.28 October 2026 - December 2026 1,610,000 17,500 0.28 
 
 (1) These crude oil swap transactions are settled based on the NYMEX WTI index price on each trading day within the specified monthly settlement period versus the contractual swap price for the volumes stipulated. 
 (2) These crude oil collars are settled based on the NYMEX WTI index price on each trading day within the specified monthly settlement period versus the contractual floor and ceiling prices for the volumes stipulated. 
 (3) These crude oil deferred premium puts are settled based on the NYMEX WTI index price on each trading day within the specified monthly settlement period versus the contractual put prices for the volumes stipulated. 
 (4) These crude oil basis swap transactions are settled based on the difference between the arithmetic average of ARGUS MIDLAND WTI and ARGUS WTI CUSHING indices, during each applicable monthly settlement period. 
 (5) These crude oil roll swap transactions are settled based on the difference between the arithmetic average of NYMEX WTI calendar month prices and the physical crude oil delivery month price. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Period Volume (MMBtu) Volume (MMBtu/d) Wtd. Avg. Gas Price 
 /MMBtu) (1) 
 Natural gas swaps 
 October 2024 - December 2024 5,933,899 64,499 3.86 January 2025 - March 2025 3,600,000 40,000 4.32 April 2025 - June 2025 3,640,000 40,000 3.65 July 2025 - September 2025 3,680,000 40,000 3.83 October 2025 - December 2025 3,680,000 40,000 4.20 January 2026 - March 2026 990,000 11,000 4.18 April 2026 - June 2026 1,001,000 11,000 3.48 July 2026 - September 2026 1,012,000 11,000 3.80 October 2026 - December 2026 1,012,000 11,000 4.21 
 Period Volume (MMBtu) Volume (MMBtu/d) Wtd. Avg. Differential 
 /MMBtu) (2) 
 Natural gas basis differential swaps 
 October 2024 - December 2024 11,040,000 120,000 (0.98) January 2025 - March 2025 3,600,000 40,000 (0.74) April 2025 - June 2025 3,640,000 40,000 (0.74) July 2025 - September 2025 3,680,000 40,000 (0.74) October 2025 - December 2025 3,680,000 40,000 (0.74) January 2026 - March 2026 990,000 11,000 (0.61) April 2026 - June 2026 1,001,000 11,000 (1.67) July 2026 - September 2026 1,012,000 11,000 (1.17) October 2026 - December 2026 1,012,000 11,000 (1.02) 
 
 Period Volume (MMBtu) Volume (MMBtu/d) Wtd. Avg. Collar Price Ranges 
 /MMBtu) (3) 
 Natural gas collars 
 October 2024 - December 2024 5,106,101 55,501 2.75 - 5.29 
 
 (1) These natural gas swap contracts are settled based on the NYMEX Henry Hub price on each trading day within the specified monthly settlement period versus the contractual swap price for the volumes stipulated. 
 (2) These natural gas basis swap contracts are settled based on the difference between the Inside FERC s West Texas WAHA price and the NYMEX price of natural gas during each applicable monthly settlement period. 
 (3) These natural gas collars are settled based on the NYMEX Henry Hub price on each trading day within the specified monthly settlement period versus the contractual floor and ceiling prices for the volumes stipulated. 
 Changes in the fair value of derivative contracts from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024, are presented below: 
 (in thousands) Commodity Derivative Asset (Liability) 
 Net fair value of oil and gas derivative contracts outstanding as of December 31, 2023 93,573 Commodity hedge contract settlement payments, net of any receipts (40,340) Cash and non-cash mark-to-market gains (losses) on commodity hedge contracts (1) 
 131,702 Net fair value of oil and gas derivative contracts outstanding as of September 30, 2024 184,935 
 
 (1) At inception, new derivative contracts entered into by us have no intrinsic value. 
 A hypothetical upward or downward shift of 10 per Bbl in the NYMEX forward curve for crude oil as of September 30, 2024 would cause a 175.9 million increase or 176.4 million decrease, respectively, in this fair value position, and a hypothetical upward or downward shift of 10 per MMBtu in the NYMEX forward curve for natural gas as of September 30, 2024 would cause a 4.5 million increase or 4.6 million decrease, respectively, in this same fair value position. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our ability to borrow and the rates offered by lenders can be adversely affected by deteriorations in the credit markets and/or downgrades in our credit rating. OpCo s Credit Agreement interest rate is based on a SOFR spread, which exposes us to interest rate risk to the extent we have borrowings outstanding under this credit facility. As of September 30, 2024, we had no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement. We do not currently have or intend to enter into any derivative hedge contracts to protect against fluctuations in interest rates applicable to our outstanding indebtedness. 
 The long-term debt balance of 4.2 billion consists of our senior notes, which have fixed interest rates; therefore, this balance is not affected by interest rate movements. For additional information regarding our debt instruments, see Note 4 Long-Term Debt , in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Control and Procedures 
 In accordance with Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officers and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officers and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officers and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Refer to Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for more information regarding our legal proceedings. 
 Environmental . Due to the nature of the oil and gas industry, we are exposed to environmental risks. We have various policies and procedures to minimize and mitigate the risks from environmental contamination and we conduct periodic reviews to identify changes in our environmental risk profile. Liabilities are recorded when environmental damages resulting from events are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. Item 103 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act requires disclosure regarding certain proceedings arising under federal, state or local environmental laws when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that the Company reasonably believes will exceed a specified threshold. Pursuant to such item, we have elected to use a 1 million threshold for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required. We believe proceedings under this threshold are not material to our business and financial condition. We are not aware of any material environmental claims existing as of September 30, 2024 over our threshold which have not been provided for or would otherwise have a material impact on our financial statements; however, there can be no assurance that current regulatory requirements will not change or that unknown potential past non-compliance with environmental laws or other environmental liabilities will not be discovered on our properties. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors included in our 2023 Annual Report and the risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in our other SEC filings. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those described in our 2023 Annual Report or our SEC filings. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, our Board of Director authorized a new share repurchase program of billion of the Company s outstanding Common Stock New Repurchase Program ), replacing the existing million stock repurchase program. The New Repurchase Program is approved to run on an indefinite basis and can be used by the Company to reduce its shares of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock outstanding. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we did not purchase any Common Stock in the open market under our stock repurchase program. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 Trading Plans 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no directors or officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, each as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number 
 Description of Exhibit 2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2022, by and among Registrant, Centennial Resource Production, LLC, Colgate Energy Partners III, LLC, among other parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 19, 2022). 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 21, 2023, among Permian Resources Corporation, Smits Merger Sub I Inc., Smits Merger Sub II LLC, Permian Resources Operating, LLC, Earthstone Energy, Inc. and Earthstone Energy Holdings, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 21, 2023). 
 3.1 Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 22, 2024). 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2019). 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of August 5, 2024, among Permian Resources Operating, LLC, the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024. 
 10.1# 
 Form of Amended and Restated Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Centennial Resource Development, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 7, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.3 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officers pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. # Management contract or compensatory plan or agreement. 
 Filed herewith. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereto duly authorized. 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION By: /s/ GUY M. OLIPHINT Guy M. Oliphint 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: November 7, 2024 
 
 61 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q3-24.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, William M. Hickey, III, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this report of Permian Resources Corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION By s WILLIAM M. HICKEY, III William M. Hickey, III 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q3-24.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, James H. Walter, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this report of Permian Resources Corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION By s JAMES H. WALTER James H. Walter 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 exhibit313q3-24.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.3 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, Guy M. Oliphint, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this report of Permian Resources Corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION By s GUY M. OLIPHINT Guy M. Oliphint 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321q3-24.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Permian Resources Corporation (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William M. Hickey, III, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION By s WILLIAM M. HICKEY, III William M. Hickey, III 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Permian Resources Corporation (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James H. Walter, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION By s JAMES H. WALTER James H. Walter 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit322q3-24.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Permian Resources Corporation (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Guy M. Oliphint, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 PERMIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION By s GUY M. OLIPHINT Guy M. Oliphint 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

