<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_842517_0000842517-24-000201.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21223881</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103802</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1527757</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12679643</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2876531</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3364956</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000842517-24-000201.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160836
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000842517-24-000201
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ISABELLA BANK Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000842517
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				382830092
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18415
		FILM NUMBER:		241462112

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 NORTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MT PLEASANT
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48858
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9897729471

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 NORTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MT PLEASANT
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48858

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ISABELLA BANK CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080602

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IBT BANCORP INC /MI/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000842517-24-000201.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 isba-20240930.htm
 10-Q

isba-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 oration 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None N/A N/A 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of common shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock (no par value) was as of November 12, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 ISABELLA BANK CORPORATION 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 Table of Contents 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 4 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 4 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 54 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 55 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 55 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 55 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 55 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 55 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 55 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 55 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 56 
 SIGNATURES 
 57 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Glossary of Acronyms and Abbreviations 
 The acronyms and abbreviations identified below may be used throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in our other SEC filings. You may find it helpful to refer back to this page while reading this report. 
 ACL: Allowance for credit losses Freddie Mac: Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation AFS: Available-for-sale FTE: Fully taxable equivalent ALCO: Asset-Liability Committee GAAP: U.S. generally accepted accounting principles AOCI: Accumulated other comprehensive income HFS: Held-for-sale ASC: FASB Accounting Standards Codification IRR: Interest rate risk ASU: FASB Accounting Standards Update N/A: Not applicable ATM: Automated teller machine N/M: Not meaningful BOLI: Bank-owned life insurance NAV: Net asset value CECL: Current expected credit losses NIM: Net Interest Margin CIK: Central Index Key NSF: Non-sufficient funds DIF: Deposit Insurance Fund OCI: Other comprehensive income (loss) DIFS: Department of Insurance and Financial Services OMSR: Originated mortgage servicing rights Directors Plan: Isabella Bank Corporation and Related Companies Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors OREO: Other real estate owned Dividend Reinvestment Plan: Isabella Bank Corporation Stockholder Dividend Reinvestment Plan and Employee Stock Purchase Plan Rabbi Trust: A trust established to fund our Directors Plan Exchange Act: Securities Exchange Act of 1934 RSP: Isabella Bank Corporation Restricted Stock Plan FASB: Financial Accounting Standards Board SOFR: Secured Overnight Financing Rate FDIC: Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation SEC: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission FFIEC: Federal Financial Institutions Examinations Council SOX: Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 FRB: Federal Reserve Bank XBRL: eXtensible Business Reporting Language FHLB: Federal Home Loan Bank Yield Curve: U.S. Treasury Yield Curve 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30 2024 December 31 2023 ASSETS Cash and demand deposits due from banks Fed Funds sold and interest bearing balances due from banks Total cash and cash equivalents AFS securities, at fair value FHLB stock Mortgage loans HFS Loans Less allowance for credit losses Net loans Premises and equipment BOLI policies Goodwill and other intangible assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities Demand deposits Interest bearing demand deposits Savings Certificates of deposit Total deposits Short-term borrowings FHLB advances Subordinated debt, net of unamortized issuance costs Total borrowed funds Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity Common stock no par value shares authorized: issued and outstanding shares in 2024 and shares in 2023 
 Shares to be issued for deferred compensation obligations Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

See notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 (Dollars in thousands except per share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income Loans AFS securities FHLB stock Federal funds sold and other Total interest income Interest expense Deposits Short-term borrowings FHLB advances Subordinated debt, net of unamortized issuance costs Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Service charges and fees Wealth management fees Earnings on BOLI policies Net gain on sale of mortgage loans Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expenses Compensation and benefits Occupancy and equipment Other professional services ATM and debit card fees FDIC insurance premiums Other Total noninterest expenses Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Earnings per common share Basic Diluted Cash dividends per common share 

See notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included in net income ) Tax effect (1) 
 ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 (1) 

See notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 (Dollars in thousands except per share amounts) 
 Common Stock Common Shares Outstanding Amount Common Shares to be Issued for Deferred Compensation Obligations Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Totals July 1, 2023 ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Issuance of common stock Common stock transferred from the Rabbi Trust to satisfy deferred compensation obligations ) Share-based payment awards under the Directors Plan Share-based compensation expense recognized in earnings under the RSP Common stock purchased for deferred compensation obligations ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Cash dividends paid per common share) 
 ) ) September 30, 2023 ) July 1, 2024 ) Comprehensive income (loss) Issuance of common stock Common stock transferred from the Rabbi Trust to satisfy deferred compensation obligations ) Share-based payment awards under the Directors Plan Share-based compensation expense recognized in earnings under the RSP Common stock purchased for deferred compensation obligations ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Cash dividends paid per common share) 
 ) ) September 30, 2024 ) 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) continued 
 (Dollars in thousands except per share amounts) 
 Common Stock Common Shares Outstanding Amount Common Shares to be Issued for Deferred Compensation Obligations Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Totals January 1, 2023 ) Cumulative effect of accounting change - adoption of ASC 326 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Issuance of common stock Common stock transferred from the Rabbi Trust to satisfy deferred compensation obligations ) Share-based payment awards under the Directors Plan Share-based compensation expense recognized in earnings under the RSP Common stock purchased for deferred compensation obligations ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Cash dividends paid per common share) 
 ) ) September 30, 2023 ) January 1, 2024 ) Comprehensive income (loss) Issuance of common stock Issuance of common stock for vested shares under the RSP Common stock transferred from the Rabbi Trust to satisfy deferred compensation obligations ) Share-based payment awards under the Directors Plan Share-based compensation expense recognized in earnings under the RSP Common stock purchased for deferred compensation obligations ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Cash dividends paid per common share) 
 ) ) September 30, 2024 ) 

See notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Reconciliation of net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses ) Depreciation Net amortization of AFS securities Increase in cash value of BOLI policies, net of expenses ) ) Share-based payment awards Origination of loans HFS ) ) Proceeds from loan sales Net changes in: Other assets ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from sales, maturities, calls and prepayments of AFS securities Purchases of AFS securities ) Net loan principal (originations) collections ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Funding of low income housing tax credit investments ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net increase (decrease) in deposits Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings ) Net increase (decrease) in FHLB advances ) Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Common stock repurchased ) ) Common stock purchased for deferred compensation obligations ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOWS INFORMATION: Interest paid Income taxes paid SUPPLEMENTAL NONCASH INFORMATION: Investment in low income housing tax credits Transfers of loans to foreclosed assets 

See notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 (Dollars in thousands except per share amounts) 
 
 Note 1 
 Certain amounts reported in the interim 2023 consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform with the 2024 presentation. Our accounting policies are materially the same as those discussed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Note 2 
 States and political subdivisions Auction rate money market preferred Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate Total December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value U.S. Treasury States and political subdivisions Auction rate money market preferred Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate Total 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 States and political subdivisions Auction rate money market preferred Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate Total amortized cost Fair value 
 Expected maturities for government sponsored enterprises and states and political subdivisions may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. 
 As the auction rate money market preferred investments have continual call dates, they are not reported by a specific maturity group. Because of their variable monthly payments, mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations are not reported by a specific maturity group. 
 Realized gains (losses) Applicable income tax expense (benefit) 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 States and political subdivisions Auction rate money market preferred Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate Total Number of securities in an unrealized loss position: December 31, 2023 Less Than Twelve Months Twelve Months or More Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Total Unrealized Losses U.S. Treasury States and political subdivisions Auction rate money market preferred Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate Total Number of securities in an unrealized loss position: 
 The unrealized loss on our AFS securities portfolio resulted from the increase in short-term and intermediate-term interest rates. 
 As of September 30, 2024, no allowance for credit losses has been recognized on AFS securities in an unrealized loss position, as management does not believe any of the securities are impaired due to reasons of credit quality. This is based on our analysis of the underlying risk characteristics, including credit ratings, and other qualitative factors related to our AFS securities and consideration of our historical credit loss experience and internal forecasts. The issuers of these securities continue to make timely principal and interest payments under the contractual terms of the securities. Furthermore, management does not intend to sell any of the securities classified as AFS in the table above, and believes it is more likely than not that we will not have to sell any such securities before a recovery of cost. The unrealized losses are due to increases in market interest rates over the yields available at the time the underlying securities were purchased. The fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach their respective maturity date or repricing date, or if the market yields for such investments decline. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3 
 Unsecured Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial mortgage owner occupied Commercial mortgage non-owner occupied Commercial mortgage 1-4 family investor Commercial mortgage multifamily Total commercial real estate Advances to mortgage brokers Agricultural Agricultural mortgage Agricultural other Total agricultural Residential real estate Senior lien Junior lien Home equity lines of credit Total residential real estate Consumer Secured - direct Secured - indirect Unsecured Total consumer Total 
 We grant commercial, agricultural, residential real estate, and consumer loans to customers primarily in Bay, Clare, Gratiot, Isabella, Mecosta, Midland, Montcalm, and Saginaw counties in Michigan. The ability of borrowers to honor their repayment obligations is often dependent upon the real estate, agricultural, manufacturing, retail, gaming, tourism, health care, higher education, and general economic conditions of this region. Substantially all of our consumer and residential real estate loans are secured by various items of property, while commercial loans are secured primarily by real estate, business assets, and personal guarantees. A portion of loans are unsecured. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 . Borrowers with direct credit needs of more than may be serviced through the use of loan participations with other commercial banks. Commercial and agricultural real estate loans commonly require loan-to-value limits of or less. Depending upon the type of loan, past credit history, and current operating results, we may require the borrower to pledge accounts receivable, inventory, property, or equipment. Government agency guarantee may be required. Personal guarantees and/or life insurance beneficiary assignments are generally required from the owners of closely held corporations, partnerships, and sole proprietorships. In addition, we may require annual financial statements, prepare cash flow analyses, and review credit reports. 
 We offer adjustable rate mortgages, construction loans, and fixed rate residential real estate loans which have amortization periods up to a maximum of years. We consider the anticipated direction of interest rates, balance sheet duration, the sensitivity of our balance sheet to changes in interest rates, our liquidity needs, and overall loan demand to determine whether or not to sell fixed rate loans to Freddie Mac. 
 Our lending policies generally limit the maximum loan-to-value ratio on residential real estate loans to of the lower of the appraised value of the property or the purchase price. Private mortgage insurance is typically required on loans with loan-to-value ratios in excess of unless the loan qualifies for government guarantees. 
 Underwriting criteria for originated residential real estate loans generally include: 
 Evaluation of the borrower s ability to make monthly payments. 
 Evaluation of the value of the property securing the loan. 
 Ensuring the payment of principal, interest, taxes, and hazard insurance generally does not exceed of a borrower s gross income. 
 Ensuring all debt servicing does not exceed of income. 
 Verification of acceptable credit reports. 
 Verification of employment, income, and financial information. 
 Appraisals are performed by independent appraisers and are reviewed for appropriateness. Generally, mortgage loan requests are reviewed by our mortgage loan committee or through a secondary market underwriting system; loans in excess of require the approval of one or more of the following committees: Internal Loan Committee, the Executive Loan Committee, or the Board of Directors. 
 Consumer loans include secured and unsecured personal loans. Loans are amortized for a period of up to years based on the age and value of the underlying collateral. The underwriting emphasis is on a borrower s perceived intent and ability to pay rather than collateral value. No consumer loans are sold to the secondary market. 
 Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans 
 days or more past due unless the credit is well-secured and in the process of short-term collection. Upon transferring a loan to nonaccrual status, we perform an evaluation to determine the net realizable value of the underlying collateral. This evaluation is used to help determine if a charge-off is necessary. Consumer loans are typically charged-off no later than days past due. Past due status is based on the contractual term of the loan. In all cases, a loan is placed in nonaccrual status at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. 
 When a loan is placed in nonaccrual status, all interest accrued in the current calendar year, but not collected, is reversed against interest income while interest accrued in prior calendar years, but not collected, is charged against the ACL. Loans may be returned to accrual status after of continuous performance and achievement of current payment status. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Unsecured Agricultural Agricultural mortgage Agricultural other Residential real estate Senior lien Total 
 Unsecured Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial mortgage owner occupied Commercial mortgage non-owner occupied Commercial mortgage 1-4 family investor Commercial mortgage multifamily Total commercial real estate Advances to mortgage brokers Agricultural Agricultural mortgage Agricultural other Total agricultural Residential real estate Senior lien Junior lien Home equity lines of credit Total residential real estate Consumer Secured - direct Secured - indirect Unsecured Total consumer Total 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Unsecured Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial mortgage owner occupied Commercial mortgage non-owner occupied Commercial mortgage 1-4 family investor Commercial mortgage multifamily Total commercial real estate Advances to mortgage brokers Agricultural Agricultural mortgage Agricultural other Total agricultural Residential real estate Senior lien Junior lien Home equity lines of credit Total residential real estate Consumer Secured - direct Secured - indirect Unsecured Total consumer Total 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Commercial and industrial: Unsecured Risk ratings 1-3 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Commercial real estate: Owner occupied Risk ratings 1-3 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Commercial real estate: Non-owner occupied Risk ratings 1-3 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Commercial real estate: Multifamily Risk ratings 1-3 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Advances to mortgage brokers Risk ratings 1-3 Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Agricultural mortgage Risk ratings 1-3 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Agricultural other Risk ratings 1-3 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Commercial and industrial: Unsecured Risk ratings 1-3 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Commercial real estate: Owner occupied Risk ratings 1-3 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Commercial real estate: Non-owner occupied Risk ratings 1-3 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Commercial real estate: Multifamily Risk ratings 1-3 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Advances to mortgage brokers Risk ratings 1-3 Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Agricultural mortgage Risk ratings 1-3 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Agricultural other Risk ratings 1-3 Risk rating 4 Risk rating 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Risk rating 8 Risk rating 9 Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 - days slow within the past year. 
 Management s abilities are apparent yet unproven. 
 Weakness in primary source of repayment with adequate secondary source of repayment. 
 Loan structure generally in accordance with policy. 
 If secured, loan collateral coverage is marginal. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 - days) and overdrafts may occur. 
 Shrinking equity cushion. 
 Diminishing primary source of repayment and questionable secondary source. 
 Management abilities are questionable. 
 Weak industry conditions. 
 Litigation pending against the borrower. 
 Loan may need to be restructured to improve collateral position or reduce payments. 
 Collateral or guaranty offers limited protection. 
 Negative debt service coverage, however, the credit is well collateralized, and payments are current. 
 6. SUBSTANDARD Classified 
 Credit is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the borrower or of the collateral pledged. There is a distinct possibility we will implement collection procedures if the loan deficiencies are not corrected. Any commercial loan placed in nonaccrual status will be rated 7 or worse. In addition, the following characteristics may apply: 
 Sustained losses have severely eroded the equity and cash flow. 
 Deteriorating liquidity. 
 Serious management problems or internal fraud. 
 Original repayment terms liberalized. 
 Likelihood of bankruptcy. 
 Inability to access other funding sources. 
 Reliance on secondary source of repayment. 
 Litigation filed against borrower. 
 Interest non-accrual may be warranted. 
 Collateral provides little or no value. 
 Requires excessive attention of the loan officer. 
 Borrower is uncooperative with loan officer. 
 7. VULNERABLE Classified 
 Credit is considered Substandard and warrants placing in nonaccrual status. Risk of loss is being evaluated and exit strategy options are under review. Other characteristics that may apply: 
 Insufficient cash flow to service debt. 
 Minimal or no payments being received. 
 Limited options available to avoid the collection process. 
 Transition status, expect action will take place to collect loan without immediate progress being made. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

23 

Table of Contents 

 Past due 30-89 days Past due 90 or more days Nonaccrual Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Residential real estate: Junior lien Current Past due 30-89 days Past due 90 or more days Nonaccrual Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Residential real estate: Home equity lines of credit Current Past due 30-89 days Past due 90 or more days Nonaccrual Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Consumer: Secured - direct Current Past due 30-89 days Past due 90 or more days Nonaccrual Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Consumer: Secured - indirect Current Past due 30-89 days Past due 90 or more days Nonaccrual Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Past due 30-89 days Past due 90 or more days Nonaccrual Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 December 31, 2023 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving Loans Revolving Loans Converted to Term Total Residential real estate: Senior lien Current Past due 30-89 days Past due 90 or more days Nonaccrual Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Residential real estate: Junior lien Current Past due 30-89 days Past due 90 or more days Nonaccrual Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Residential real estate: Home equity lines of credit Current Past due 30-89 days Past due 90 or more days Nonaccrual Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Consumer: Secured - direct Current Past due 30-89 days Past due 90 or more days Nonaccrual Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Past due 30-89 days Past due 90 or more days Nonaccrual Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs Consumer: Unsecured Current Past due 30-89 days Past due 90 or more days Nonaccrual Total Current year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Loan Modifications 
 A loan modification includes terms outside of normal lending practices to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty. 
 Typical modifications granted include, but are not limited to: 
 Agreeing to interest rates below prevailing market rates for debt with similar risk characteristics. 
 Extending the maturity date or amortization period beyond typical lending guidelines for loans with similar risk characteristics. 
 Agreeing to an interest-only payment structure, delaying principal payments, or delaying payments. 
 Forgiving principal. 
 To determine if a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, factors we consider include: 
 The borrower is currently in default on any debt. 
 The borrower would likely default on any debt if the concession is not granted. 
 The borrower s cash flow is insufficient to service all debt if the concession is not granted. 
 The borrower has declared, or is in the process of declaring, bankruptcy. 
 The borrower is unlikely to continue as a going concern (if the entity is a business). 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Interest Rate Reduction Other-Than-Insignificant Payment Delay Term Extension Other-Than-Insignificant Payment Delay and Term Extension Amortized Cost Basis of Total Class of Financial Receivable Amortized Cost Basis of Total Class of Financial Receivable Amortized Cost Basis of Total Class of Financial Receivable Amortized Cost Basis of Total Class of Financial Receivable Commercial and industrial Secured Commercial real estate Commercial mortgage owner occupied Agricultural Agricultural mortgage Agricultural other Consumer Secured - indirect Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction and Term Extension Amortized Cost Basis of Total Class of Financial Receivable Amortized Cost Basis of Total Class of Financial Receivable Commercial real estate Commercial mortgage non-owner occupied Agricultural Agricultural mortgage Agricultural other Residential real estate Senior lien Total 
 We do not modify any loans by forgiving principal or accrued interest. We had committed to advance and in additional funds to be disbursed in connection with modified loans at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, as displayed in the tables above. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 N/A Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 2023 Weighted-Average Interest Rate Reduction Payment Delay Term Weighted-Average Term Extension (Years) Weighted-Average Interest Rate Reduction Weighted-Average Term Extension (Years) Commercial and industrial Secured N/A months N/A N/A Commercial real estate Commercial mortgage owner occupied N/A months N/A N/A N/A Commercial mortgage non-owner occupied N/A N/A N/A N/A Agricultural Agricultural mortgage N/A months Agricultural other months N/A Residential real estate Senior lien N/A N/A N/A N/A Consumer Secured - indirect N/A N/A N/A N/A 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial real estate Commercial mortgage owner occupied Commercial mortgage multifamily Agricultural Agricultural mortgage Agricultural other Consumer Secured - indirect Total September 30, 2023 (1) 
 Current 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or More Past Due Total Commercial real estate Commercial mortgage non-owner occupied Agricultural Agricultural mortgage Agricultural other Residential real estate Senior lien Total (1) We adopted ASU 2022-02 - Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures effective January 1, 2023, therefore, the September 30, 2023 presentation only includes loans since the guidance became effective. 
 We had loans that defaulted in the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 which were modified within 12 months prior to the default date. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 30 

Table of Contents 

 Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Credit loss expense ) ) ) September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate Agricultural Residential Real Estate Consumer Total January 1, 2024 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Credit loss expense ) ) ) September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate Agricultural Residential Real Estate Consumer Total July 1, 2023 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Credit loss expense ) ) ) ) September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate Agricultural Residential Real Estate Consumer Unallocated Total January 1, 2023 Impact of the adoption of ASC 326 ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Credit loss expense ) ) ) ) ) September 30, 2023 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Collectively evaluated Total ACL to gross loans Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Total 
 Commercial real estate Agricultural Residential real estate Consumer Total 
 We have designated loans classified as collateral dependent for which we apply the practical expedient to measure the ACL based on the fair value of the collateral less cost to sell when the repayment is expected to be provided substantially by the sale or operation of the collateral and the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. The fair value of the collateral is based on appraisals, which may be adjusted due to their age, and the type, location, and condition of the property or area or general market conditions to reflect the expected change in value between the effective date of the appraisal and the measurement date. Appraisals are updated every one to two years depending on the type of loan and the total exposure of the borrower. Loans evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis include in collateral dependent loans. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4 
 Federal funds purchased FRB Discount Window Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 2023 Maximum Month End Balance Average Balance Weighted Average Interest Rate During the Period Maximum Month End Balance Average Balance Weighted Average Interest Rate During the Period Securities sold under agreements to repurchase without stated maturity dates Federal funds purchased FRB Discount Window 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are classified as secured borrowings and are reflected at the amount of cash received in connection with the transaction. The securities underlying the agreements have a carrying value and a fair value of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Such securities remain under our control. We may be required to provide additional collateral based on the fair value of underlying securities. 
 Securities sold under repurchase agreements without stated maturity dates were as follows as of: September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Rate Amount Rate Securities sold under agreements to repurchase without stated maturity dates 
 Pledged to secure repurchase agreements Pledged for public deposits and for other purposes necessary or required by law Total 
 AFS securities pledged to repurchase agreements without stated maturity dates consisted of the following at: September 30 2024 December 31 2023 U.S. Treasury Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Total 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 without pledging additional collateral. 
 FHLB advances 
 FHLB advances are collateralized by a blanket lien on all qualified 1-4 family residential real estate loans, specific AFS securities, and FHLB stock. 
 
 Subordinated notes 
 We have 30,000 in aggregate principal amount of 3.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2031 (the "Notes"). The Notes will initially bear a fixed interest rate of 3.25 until June 15, 2026, after which time until maturity on June 15, 2031, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an annual floating rate equal to the then-current 3-month SOFR plus 256 basis points. The Notes are redeemable by us at our option, in whole or in part, on or after June 15, 2026. The Notes are not subject to redemption at the option of the holders. 
 Unamortized issuance costs ) ) Total subordinated debt, net 
 
 Note 5 
 Average potential effect of common shares in the Directors Plan (1) 
 Average potential effect of common shares in the RSP Average number of common shares outstanding used to calculate diluted earnings per common share Net income Earnings per common share Basic Diluted 
 (1) 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6 
 Consolidated N/A N/A Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets Isabella Bank Consolidated N/A N/A Total capital to risk weighted assets Isabella Bank Consolidated N/A N/A Tier 1 capital to average assets Isabella Bank Consolidated N/A N/A 
 Consolidated N/A N/A Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets Isabella Bank Consolidated N/A N/A Total capital to risk weighted assets Isabella Bank Consolidated N/A N/A Tier 1 capital to average assets Isabella Bank Consolidated N/A N/A 
 Total capital includes Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital includes a permissible portion of the allowances for credit losses and subordinated debt, net of unamortized issuance costs. There are no significant regulatory constraints placed on our capital. At September 30, 2024, the Bank exceeded all minimum capital requirements. 
 35 

Table of Contents ) ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Subtotal ) ) Tax effect ) ) OCI, net of tax ) ) Balance, September 30 ) ) ) ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 2023 Unrealized Gains (Losses) on AFS Securities Defined Benefit Pension Plan Total Unrealized Gains (Losses) on AFS Securities Defined Benefit Pension Plan Total Balance, January 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Subtotal ) ) Tax effect ) ) OCI, net of tax ) ) Balance, September 30 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 Included in OCI for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are changes in unrealized gains and losses related to certain auction rate money market preferred stocks. These investments, for federal income tax purposes, have no deferred federal income taxes related to unrealized gains or losses given the nature of the investments. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) Tax effect ) ) Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 2023 Auction Rate Money Market Preferred Stocks All Other AFS Securities Total Auction Rate Money Market Preferred Stocks All Other AFS Securities Total Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included in net income ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) ) ) Tax effect ) ) Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax ) ) 
 
 Note 7 
 Following is a description of the valuation methodologies, key inputs, and an indication of the level of the fair value hierarchy in which the assets or liabilities are classified. 
 AFS securities: AFS securities are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Level 1 fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices for identical instruments. Level 2 fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors such as credit loss and liquidity assumptions. The values for Level 1 and Level 2 investment securities are generally obtained from an independent third party. On a quarterly basis, we compare the values provided to alternative pricing sources. 
 Loans: We do not record loans at fair value on a recurring basis. However, some loans are individually evaluated for ACL purposes, and a specific ACL may be established. To measure reserve, the fair value of the loan is estimated using the fair value of the collateral, less costs to sell if foreclosure is probable, or the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Real Estate 
 December 31, 2023 Valuation Technique Fair Value Unobservable Input Actual Range Weighted Average Collateral Dependent Loans - Discount applied to collateral: Discounted value Real Estate 
 Equipment - 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 Collateral discount rates may have ranges to accommodate differences in the age of the independent appraisal, broker price opinion, or internal evaluation. 
 OMSR: OMSR (which are included in other assets) are subject to impairment testing. To test for impairment, we utilize a discounted cash flow analysis using interest rates and prepayment speed assumptions currently quoted for comparable instruments and discount rates. If the valuation model reflects a value less than the carrying value, OMSR are adjusted to fair value through a valuation allowance as determined by the model. As such, we classify OMSR subject to nonrecurring fair value adjustments as Level 3. 
 Discount rate During the third quarter of 2024, the classification of OMSR was changed from Level 2 to Level 3. We elected to reevaluate our process for testing for impairment, which included a change in the third-party provider for the valuation. Our valuation is generated using a model-based approach that relies upon significant assumptions not observable in the market. As such, the Level 3 classification is most appropriate based on the valuation approach. 
 As a result of the change described above, Level 3 transfers in and Level 2 transfer out totaled 2,277 as of September 30, 2024. There were no other transfers to or from Levels 1, 2, or 3 as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 The preceding methods described may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Although we believe our valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement. 
 Estimated Fair Values of Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value in their Entirety on a Recurring Basis 
 Disclosure of the estimated fair values of financial instruments, which differ from carrying values, often requires the use of estimates. In cases where quoted market values in an active market are not available, we use present value techniques and other valuation methods to estimate the fair values of our financial instruments. These valuation methods require considerable judgment and the resulting estimates of fair value can be significantly affected by the assumptions made and methods used. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 FHLB stock (1) 
 N/A Mortgage loans HFS Gross loans Less allowance for credit losses Net loans Accrued interest receivable Equity securities without readily determinable fair values (1) 
 N/A OMSR LIABILITIES Deposits without stated maturities Deposits with stated maturities Short-term borrowings FHLB advances Subordinated debt, net of unamortized issuance costs 
 Accrued interest payable December 31, 2023 Carrying Value Estimated Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents FHLB stock (1) 
 N/A Mortgage loans HFS Gross loans Less allowance for credit losses Net loans Accrued interest receivable Equity securities without readily determinable fair values (1) 
 N/A OMSR LIABILITIES Deposits without stated maturities Deposits with stated maturities Short-term borrowings FHLB advances Subordinated debt, net of unamortized issuance costs 
 Accrued interest payable 
 (1) 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 States and political subdivisions Auction rate money market preferred Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate Total AFS securities Nonrecurring items Collateral dependent (net of ACL) OMSR Foreclosed assets Total Percent of assets and liabilities measured at fair value 
 We recorded an impairment related to OMSR of through earnings for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023. We also recorded an impairment related to foreclosed assets of through earnings for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and and for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023 We had no other assets or liabilities recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recognized through earnings, on a recurring basis or nonrecurring basis, as of September 30, 2024. Further, we had no unrealized gains and losses included in OCI for recurring Level 3 fair value measurements held at the end of the reporting period. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 (Dollars in thousands except per share amounts and ratios) 
 The following is management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the unaudited three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. This analysis should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and with the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and notes, beginning on page 4 of this report. 
 
 General 
 Isabella Bank Corporation is a registered financial services holding company that was incorporated in September 1988 under Michigan law. The Corporation's wholly owned subsidiary, Isabella Bank, has 31 offices located throughout Bay, Clare, Gratiot, Isabella, Mecosta, Midland, Montcalm, and Saginaw counties. The area includes significant agricultural production, manufacturing, retail, gaming and tourism, and several colleges and universities. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains certain forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 175 promulgated thereunder, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and Rule 3b-6 promulgated thereunder. We intend such forward looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are included in this statement for purposes of these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements generally relate to losses, impact of events, financial condition, plans, objectives, outlook for earnings, revenues, expenses, capital and liquidity levels and ratios, asset levels, asset quality, financial position, and other matters regarding or affecting the Corporation and its future business and operations. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as will likely result", expect , plan , believe , estimate , anticipate , strategy , trend , forecast , outlook , project , intend , assume , outcome , continue , remain , potential , opportunity , comfortable , current , position , maintain , sustain , seek , achieve and variations of such words and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, would, should, could or may. Although we believe the assumptions upon which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could be incorrect. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those made, projected, or implied in or by the forward-looking statements depending on a variety of uncertainties or other factors described in Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, or included in any subsequent filing by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time the statements are made. The Corporation cautions you not to unduly rely on forward-looking statements because the assumptions, beliefs, expectations and projections about future events may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as to the date on which it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect developments occurring after the statement is made. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Our accounting and reporting policies conform to GAAP and the prevailing practices in the financial services industry. However, we also evaluate our performance by reference to certain additional financial measures discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that we identify as being non-GAAP financial measures. In accordance with SEC rules, we classify a financial measure as being a non-GAAP financial measure if that financial measure excludes or includes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of excluding or including amounts, as the case may be, in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time in the United States in our statements of income, balance sheets or statements of cash flows. Non-GAAP financial measures do not include operating and other statistical measures or ratios, or statistical measures calculated using exclusively either financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, operating measures or other measures that are not non-GAAP financial measures or both. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures that we discuss in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the most directly comparable or other financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Moreover, the manner in which we calculate the non-GAAP financial measures that we discuss in this report may differ from that of other companies reporting measures with similar names. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Summary 
 Comparison of Operating Results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, unless otherwise noted 
 Net income in the third quarter of 2024 was 3,281, or 0.44 per diluted share, compared with 4,413, or 0.58 per diluted share, in the same quarter 2023. The non-GAAP measure of adjusted net income in the third quarter 2024 totaled 4,559, or 0.61 per diluted share, compared to 4,354 or 0.58 per diluted share, in the same quarter of 2023. Adjusted net income in the current year quarter excludes a 1,622 charge-off related to overdrawn deposit accounts from a single customer. 
 Net income for the year-to-date period of 2024 was 9,893, or 1.32 per diluted share, compared with 14,364, or 1.89 per diluted share, in the same period of 2023. Adjusted net income was 11,112, or 1.48 per diluted share, compared with 14,193, or 1.87 per diluted share, for the respective periods. The decrease in adjusted net income primarily reflects lower net interest income due to slower repricing of earning assets as compared to the rising costs of interest bearing liabilities. The decrease in net income for the comparative periods also included an increase in provision and compensation expenses. 
 Net interest income was 14,488 in the third quarter of 2024 and 14,302 in the same quarter of 2023 representing 2.98 and 2.99 of earning assets, or NIM on an FTE basis, respectively. The current year quarter NIM included a 6 basis point benefit due to the recovery of the contractual interest of two previously charged-off commercial loans. The book yield from securities was 2.21 and 2.23 during the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The weighted average maturity of our U.S. Treasury portfolio is less than two years, and the future proceeds are expected to be reinvested in market rate loans and securities, or to pay off borrowed funds. Our yield on loans expanded to 5.73 in the third quarter 2024, up from 5.17 in the same quarter of 2023, which includes an increase of 8 basis points due to the recovery of previously charged-off loans. Overall, our loan yields continued to expand due to higher rates on new loans and fixed rate commercial loans that have and continue repricing to variable rates. At the end of the third quarter 2024, approximately 41 of commercial loans are fixed at rates that are lower than current market rates. Most of those fixed rate loans will contractually reprice to variable rates over the next three to five years. Our cost of interest bearing liabilities increased to 2.43 from 1.77 in the third quarter 2023 due to several interest rate hikes throughout 2023 and the associated remix from noninterest bearing deposits into higher tier money market and certificate of deposit accounts. While we have experienced a downward trend in our NIM over the past several quarters, we are seeing a reversal of this trend as NIM has expanded 19 basis points over the last two quarters of 2024 as loans reprice and the cost of interest bearing liabilities stabilize. 
 For the first nine months of 2024, net interest income was 41,280 compared with 44,332 in the same period of 2023. The comparison of NIM and yield on interest earning assets for the first nine months of 2024 were 2.87 and 4.62 compared to 3.13 , and 4.11 for the same period 2023. The yield on loans expanded to 5.55 , from 4.95 , and our cost of interest bearing liabilities increased to 2.37 from 1.39 for the nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The explanations for the improvement in NIM are consistent with those provided in the year-over-year three-month comparison above. 
 The provision for credit losses was 946 in the third quarter of 2024, compared to a credit of 292 for the same period in 2023. The provision for the current year quarter includes the impact from the recovery of the contractual principal of two previously charged-off commercial loans totaling 314. Given the loan recoveries, our historical loss rate experience improved which provided a benefit of 435 during the quarter. The benefits were offset by a 1,622 charge-off related to overdrawn deposit accounts from a single customer. The loans to the customer and related parties are well collateralized, and no additional credit provisioning was necessary in the third quarter. The credit in the prior year quarter mostly reflects loan recoveries in excess of charge-offs during the period. 
 For the first nine months of 2024, provision for credit losses was 1,508 and a reversal of 55 in the same period of 2023. The reasons for the increase in provision for the nine month comparison are the same as the three month comparison. Net loan charge-offs have been at historic lows for the past five years due to our disciplined underwriting standards. 
 Noninterest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 3,528 and 3,414, respectively. Wealth management fees grew 145, or 17 , due to an increase in new accounts and higher market valuations. Customer service fees increased 99 compared to the same quarter of 2023 based on a higher number of transaction accounts. For the nine months of 2024, noninterest income was 10,604, compared to 10,311 in the same period of 2023. The reasons for the increase in income for the nine month comparison are the same as the three month comparison. 
 Noninterest expenses for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 increased 570, or 4.5 , in comparison to the same period in 2023. Compensation and benefit expenses increased 612 reflecting annual merit increases in 2024, and higher incentive compensation as compared to the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, noninterest expenses were 38,799, compared to 37,395 in the same period of 2023. Annual merit increases and medical claims resulted in a 1,447 increase in compensation and benefit expenses for the first nine months of 2024. Our year-to-date efficiency ratio is 73.65 in 2024 compared to 67.56 in 2023, which primarily reflects lower NIM and a relatively stable base of noninterest expense. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Condition (September 30, 2024 to December 31, 2023 comparison) 
 Total assets increased 47,933 to 2,106,901 as of September 30, 2024 due to loan growth funded by growth in deposits during the third quarter. Excess cash generated during the first nine months of 2024 was used to pay off wholesale borrowings totaling 19,633. 
 Our AFS securities portfolio totaled 506,806 at September 30, 2024, declining 21,342 due to municipal maturities and principal paydowns on mortgage-related securities. Net unrealized losses at September 30, 2024 totaled 20,968, or 3.97 , of the portfolio. The unrealized loss position on our AFS securities portfolio resulted from increases in short-term and intermediate-term benchmark interest rates. Our bond portfolio has a very short remaining life with 220,000 of the U.S. Treasury portfolio maturing by the end of 2026. The 169,339 Collateral Mortgage Obligation portfolio has a projected weighted-average life of 3.5 years and most bonds are bulleted in structure. Nearly half of the tax-exempt municipal portfolio will mature over the next five years. 
 Loans outstanding as of September 30, 2024 totaled 1,424,283. Since December 31, 2023, gross loans have increased 74,820 as a result of growth in commercial loans and increased participation in advances to mortgage brokers. Additional loan growth came from the residential real estate portfolio due to the slowing of prepayments on steady new volume. At the end of September, 12.6 million of commercial real estate construction loans were closed and are expected to be funded early in the fourth quarter. 
 The ACL was 12,635 at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 473 from 13,108 at December 31, 2023. Most of the decrease is due to improvement in historical loss experience, which was driven by the recovery of two previously charged-off loans during the quarter totaling 314. Nonaccrual loans were 547 as of September 30, 2024 compared to 926 at December 31, 2023. Past due and accruing accounts between 30 to 89 days as a percentage of total loans was 0.16 at September 30, 2024, compared to 0.29 at year-end 2023. Overall, credit quality remains strong, and there are no negative trends. 
 Total deposits increased 58,137 since December 31, 2023, to 1,781,832 at the end of the third quarter 2024. Consumer demand for retail certificates of deposit accounts continues based on the rate environment, resulting in a 37,223 increase in the balance during the first nine months of 2024. Interest bearing demand deposits increased 55,855, while savings and demand deposits declined 27,929 and 7,012, respectively. 
 Total equity was 212,985 at September 30, 2024 compared to 202,402 at year-end 2023. Our tangible book value per share was 22.14 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 20.59 on December 31, 2023. Net unrealized losses on AFS securities reduced tangible book value per share by 2.23 and 3.37 for the respective periods. Share repurchases totaled 124,969 during the first nine months of 2024 for a value of 2,419 at an average price of 19.36. 
 We continue to have robust liquidity levels and capital. As of September 30, 2024, we had 797,818 of unencumbered sources of liquidity and strong capital ratios; the Tier 1 Leverage Ratio was 8.77 , Tier 1 risk-based capital was 12.08 , and Total risk-based capital was 14.90 . 
 Reclassifications 
 Certain amounts reported in the interim 2023 consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the 2024 presentation. 
 Subsequent Events 
 We evaluated subsequent events after September 30, 2024 through the date our interim condensed consolidated financial statements were issued for potential recognition and disclosure. No subsequent events require financial statement recognition or disclosure between September 30, 2024 and the date our interim condensed consolidated financial statements were issued. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Selected Financial Data (Unaudited) 
 The following table outlines our results of operations and provides certain performance measures as of, and for the: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 June 30 2024 March 31 2024 December 31 2023 September 30 2023 September 30 2024 September 30 2023 PER SHARE Basic earnings 0.44 0.47 0.42 0.51 0.59 1.32 1.91 Diluted earnings 0.44 0.46 0.42 0.51 0.58 1.32 1.89 Adjusted diluted earnings (2) 
 0.61 0.46 0.41 0.50 0.58 1.48 1.87 Dividends 0.28 0.28 0.28 0.28 0.28 0.84 0.84 Book value (1) 
 28.63 27.06 26.80 27.04 24.71 28.63 24.71 Tangible book value (1) 
 22.14 20.60 20.35 20.59 18.27 22.14 18.27 Market price (1) 
 21.21 18.20 19.40 21.50 21.05 21.21 21.05 PERFORMANCE RATIOS Return on average total assets 0.62 0.68 0.61 0.73 0.86 0.64 0.94 Adjusted return on average total assets (2) 
 0.87 0.68 0.60 0.73 0.85 0.71 0.93 Return on average shareholders' equity 6.26 6.97 6.19 7.98 9.17 6.47 10.04 Adjusted return on average shareholders' equity (2) 
 8.70 6.96 6.08 7.97 9.05 7.27 9.92 Return on average tangible shareholders' equity 8.15 9.19 8.12 10.73 12.27 8.48 13.42 Adjusted return on average tangible shareholders' equity (2) 
 11.32 9.17 7.97 10.71 12.11 9.52 13.26 Net interest margin yield (FTE) (2) 
 2.98 2.85 2.79 2.83 2.99 2.87 3.13 Efficiency ratio (2) 
 72.30 73.93 74.84 68.41 70.56 73.65 67.56 Gross loan to deposit ratio (1) 
 79.93 80.22 77.22 78.29 75.43 79.93 75.43 Shareholders' equity to total assets (1) 
 10.11 9.82 9.75 9.83 8.74 10.11 8.74 Tangible shareholders' equity to tangible assets (1) 
 8.00 7.65 7.58 7.66 6.61 8.00 6.61 FINANCIAL DATA (in millions) 
 Total assets (1) 
 2,107 2,060 2,058 2,059 2,118 2,107 2,118 AFS securities (1) 
 507 506 518 528 517 507 517 Gross loans (1) 
 1,424 1,382 1,366 1,349 1,335 1,424 1,335 ACL (1) 
 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 Deposits (1) 
 1,782 1,722 1,768 1,724 1,769 1,782 1,769 Borrowed funds (1) 
 97 119 72 116 147 97 147 Shareholders' equity (1) 
 213 202 201 202 185 213 185 Wealth assets under management (1) 
 680 648 661 641 591 680 591 Net income 3 3 3 4 4 10 14 Interest income 23 22 21 21 20 67 59 Interest expense 9 9 8 7 6 26 14 Net interest income 14 14 13 14 14 41 44 Provision for credit losses 1 1 2 Noninterest income 4 4 3 4 3 11 10 Noninterest expenses 13 13 13 12 13 39 37 
 (1) At end of period 
 (2) Non-GAAP financial measure; refer to the "Recconcilation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Average Balances, Interest Rates, and Net Interest Income 
 The following schedules present the daily average amount outstanding for each major category of interest earning assets, non-earning assets, interest bearing liabilities, and noninterest bearing liabilities. These schedules also present an analysis of interest income and interest expense for the periods indicated. All interest income is reported on a FTE basis using a federal income tax rate of 21 . Loans in nonaccrual status, for the purpose of the following computations, are included in the average loan balances. FRB restricted equity holdings are included in other interest earning assets. Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average Balance Tax Equivalent Interest Average Yield / Rate Average Balance Tax Equivalent Interest Average Yield / Rate Average Balance Tax Equivalent Interest Average Yield / Rate INTEREST EARNING ASSETS Loans (1) 
 1,403,810 20,230 5.73 1,375,523 18,863 5.52 1,325,455 17,270 5.17 AFS securities (2) 
 536,379 2,981 2.21 545,827 3,041 2.24 572,038 3,213 2.23 FHLB stock 12,762 168 5.24 12,762 158 4.98 12,762 91 2.83 Fed funds sold 4 5.55 7 5.51 13 5.47 Other (3) 
 14,597 194 5.29 14,054 263 7.53 17,638 161 3.62 Total interest earning assets 1,967,552 23,573 4.77 1,948,173 22,325 4.61 1,927,906 20,735 4.27 NONEARNING ASSETS Allowance for credit losses (13,125) (13,431) (12,937) Cash and demand deposits due from banks 25,903 23,931 25,287 Premises and equipment 27,868 27,999 26,629 Other assets 87,002 80,539 74,244 Total assets 2,095,200 2,067,211 2,041,129 INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES Interest bearing demand deposits 358,383 295 0.33 342,931 334 0.39 342,175 242 0.28 Savings 599,679 3,437 2.28 613,601 3,321 2.18 595,372 2,156 1.44 Certificates of deposit 375,936 3,899 4.13 366,440 3,658 4.01 324,399 2,617 3.20 Short-term borrowings 48,151 384 3.17 40,593 321 3.18 46,574 284 2.42 FHLB advances 40,588 571 5.60 45,510 638 5.64 44,429 617 5.51 Subordinated debt, net of unamortized issuance costs 
 29,388 267 3.61 29,365 266 3.64 29,298 267 3.62 Total interest bearing liabilities 1,452,125 8,853 2.43 1,438,440 8,538 2.39 1,382,247 6,183 1.77 NONINTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Demand deposits 418,973 411,282 451,123 Other liabilities 15,658 16,755 16,802 Shareholders equity 208,444 200,734 190,957 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 2,095,200 2,067,211 2,041,129 Net interest income (FTE) 14,720 13,787 14,552 Net yield on interest earning assets (FTE) (4) 
 2.98 2.85 2.99 
 (1) Includes loans HFS and nonaccrual loans 
 (2) Average balances for AFS securities are based on amortized cost 
 (3) Includes average interest-bearing deposits with other banks, net of Federal Reserve daily cash letter 
 (4) Non-GAAP financial measure; refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average Balance Tax Equivalent Interest Average Yield/Rate Average Balance Tax Equivalent Interest Average Yield/Rate INTEREST EARNING ASSETS Loans (1) 
 1,376,122 57,150 5.55 1,298,316 48,090 4.95 AFS securities (2) 
 546,376 9,153 2.24 588,796 10,007 2.27 FHLB stock 12,762 472 4.94 12,762 226 2.37 Fed funds sold 6 5.59 11 5.08 Other (3) 
 17,941 750 5.58 30,005 1,029 4.59 Total interest earning assets 1,953,207 67,525 4.62 1,929,890 59,352 4.11 NONEARNING ASSETS Allowance for credit losses (13,216) (12,786) Cash and demand deposits due from banks 24,623 25,043 Premises and equipment 27,962 26,300 Other assets 83,878 75,239 Total assets 2,076,454 2,043,686 INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES Interest bearing demand deposits 349,086 1,042 0.40 356,608 582 0.22 Savings 615,668 10,091 2.19 623,157 5,471 1.17 Certificates of deposit 366,672 10,974 4.00 298,535 5,900 2.64 Short-term borrowings 43,197 1,026 3.17 40,707 604 1.98 FHLB advances 37,883 1,597 5.63 21,685 887 5.47 Subordinated debt, net of unamortized issuance costs 
 29,365 799 3.63 29,275 799 3.65 Total interest bearing liabilities 1,441,871 25,529 2.37 1,369,967 14,243 1.39 NONINTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Demand deposits 414,179 466,725 Other liabilities 16,183 15,619 Shareholders equity 204,221 191,375 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 2,076,454 2,043,686 Net interest income (FTE) 41,996 45,109 Net yield on interest earning assets (FTE) (4) 
 2.87 3.13 
 (1) Includes loans HFS and nonaccrual loans 
 (2) Average balances for AFS securities are based on amortized cost 
 (3) Includes average interest-bearing deposits with other banks, net of Federal Reserve daily cash letter 
 (4) Non-GAAP financial measure; refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section 

46 

Table of Contents 

 Loans 
 The following table displays loan balances as of: September 30 2024 June 30 2024 March 31 2024 December 31 2023 September 30 2023 Annualized Growth Quarter to Date Annualized Growth Year to Date Commercial and industrial 240,589 238,245 226,281 209,738 195,814 3.94 19.61 Commercial real estate 547,038 547,005 561,123 564,244 566,639 0.02 (4.07) Advances to mortgage brokers 39,300 29,688 18,541 24,807 N/M N/M Agricultural 96,794 94,996 93,695 99,994 99,233 7.57 (4.27) Total commercial loans 960,608 919,546 910,787 892,517 886,493 17.86 10.17 Residential real estate 369,846 365,188 356,658 356,418 348,196 5.10 5.02 Consumer 93,829 96,902 98,063 100,528 99,985 (12.68) (8.89) Total 1,424,283 1,381,636 1,365,508 1,349,463 1,334,674 12.35 7.39 
 The following table presents the composition of our commercial real estate portfolio by industry as of: September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Balance Percent of Total Balance Percent of Total Real estate Non-owner occupied 129,595 23.69 129,016 22.87 1-4 family investor 16.85 15.81 Multifamily 12.73 13.84 Owner occupied 25,395 4.64 27,758 4.92 Hotels 79,397 14.51 82,650 14.65 Health care 35,812 6.55 40,249 7.13 Retail trade 34,087 6.23 34,622 6.14 Manufacturing 11,687 2.14 12,341 2.19 Accommodation services 11,547 2.11 11,277 2.00 Educational services 11,188 2.05 11,589 2.05 Wholesale trade 11,007 2.01 10,308 1.83 Construction 4,056 0.74 5,079 0.90 Other 31,489 5.75 32,039 5.67 Total commercial real estate 547,038 100.00 564,244 100.00 
 Commercial real estate loans are subject to a varying degree of risk from changes in interest rates and economic conditions. To control these risks, we maintain strict underwriting standards, lending limits to a single borrower, loan to collateral value limits, and a defined market area. We also monitor and limit loan concentrations to specific industries. Our practices also include appropriate loan reviews, and monitoring of past due levels, concentrations, industry trends, and other qualitative factors. 

47 

Table of Contents 

 Deposits 
 The following table displays deposit balances as of: September 30 2024 June 30 2024 March 31 2024 December 31 2023 September 30 2023 Annualized Growth Quarter to Date Annualized Growth Year to Date Noninterest bearing demand deposits 421,493 412,193 413,272 428,505 445,043 9.02 (2.18) Interest bearing demand deposits 338,329 349,401 320,737 363,558 45.24 23.22 Savings 603,328 639,491 628,079 628,795 (2.11) (5.93) Certificates of deposit 368,449 366,143 346,374 332,078 16.45 14.33 Total 1,781,832 1,722,299 1,768,307 1,723,695 1,769,474 13.83 4.50 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Asset Quality Analysis 
 The following table outlines our quarter-to-date asset quality analysis as of, and for the three-month periods ended: 
 September 30 2024 June 30 2024 March 31 2024 December 31 2023 September 30 2023 NONPERFORMING ASSETS Commercial and industrial 120 271 567 491 17 Commercial real estate 234 Agricultural 167 189 205 208 Residential real estate 427 556 293 286 295 Consumer Total nonaccrual loans 547 994 1,283 982 520 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 64 15 87 Total nonperforming loans 611 1,009 1,283 1,069 520 Foreclosed assets 546 629 579 406 509 Debt securities 12 12 12 12 77 Total nonperforming assets 1,169 1,650 1,874 1,487 1,106 Nonperforming loans to gross loans 0.04 0.07 0.09 0.08 0.04 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.06 0.08 0.09 0.07 0.05 ACL as a of nonaccrual loans 2,309.87 1,317.40 1,043.65 1,334.83 2,455.19 ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES Allowance at beginning of period 13,095 13,390 13,108 12,767 12,833 Charge-offs 1,767 527 191 452 179 Recoveries 408 134 145 71 433 Net loan charge-offs (recoveries) 1,359 393 46 381 (254) Provision for credit losses - loans 899 98 328 722 (320) Allowance at end of period 12,635 13,095 13,390 13,108 12,767 ACL to gross loans Reserve for unfunded commitments 498 450 379 315 352 Provision for credit losses - unfunded commitments 47 72 64 (38) 28 Reserve to unfunded commitments 0.15 0.14 0.11 0.10 0.11 NET LOAN CHARGE-OFFS (RECOVERIES) Commercial and industrial (6) 334 (2) 242 (41) Commercial real estate (318) (29) (6) (3) (3) Agricultural (2) (6) Residential real estate (20) (19) (63) (14) (266) Consumer 1,703 107 119 162 56 Total 1,359 393 46 381 (254) Net (recoveries) charge-offs (Quarter to Date annualized to average loans) 0.39 0.11 0.01 0.11 (0.08) Net (recoveries) charge-offs (Year to Date annualized to average loans) 0.17 0.00 0.00 0.00 (0.03) DELINQUENT AND NONACCRUAL LOANS Accruing loans 30-89 days past due 2,226 1,484 7,938 3,895 715 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 64 15 87 Total accruing past due loans 2,290 1,499 7,938 3,982 715 Nonaccrual loans 547 994 1,283 982 520 Total past due and nonaccrual loans 2,837 2,493 9,221 4,964 1,235 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Capital 
 Capital consists solely of common stock, retained earnings, and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We are authorized to raise capital through dividend reinvestment, employee and director stock purchases, and shareholder stock purchases. Pursuant to these authorizations, we issued 61,560 shares or 1,190 of common stock during the first nine months of 2024, as compared to 55,456 shares or 1,208 of common stock during the same period in 2023. We offer the Directors Plan in which participants purchase stock units through deferred fees, in lieu of cash payments. Pursuant to this plan, we increased shareholders equity by 332 and 477 during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We also grant restricted stock awards pursuant to the RSP. Pursuant to this plan, we increased shareholders equity by 71 during the first nine months of 2024, as compared to 219 during the same period in 2023. 
 We have publicly announced a common stock repurchase plan. Pursuant to this plan, we repurchased 124,969 shares or 2,419 of common stock during the first nine months of 2024 and 124,320 shares or 2,906 during the first nine months of 2023. As of September 30, 2024, we were authorized to repurchase up to an additional 145,837 shares of common stock. 
 The FRB has established minimum risk-based capital guidelines. Pursuant to these guidelines, a framework has been established that assigns risk weights to each category of on and off-balance-sheet items to arrive at risk adjusted total assets. Regulatory capital is divided by the risk adjusted assets with the resulting ratio compared to the minimum standard to determine whether a corporation has adequate capital. 
 The following table sets forth our ratios as of: September 30 2024 June 30 2024 March 31 2024 December 31 2023 September 30 2023 Common equity tier 1 capital 12.08 12.37 12.36 12.54 12.43 Tier 1 capital 12.08 12.37 12.36 12.54 12.43 Total capital 14.90 15.29 15.31 15.52 15.39 Tier 1 leverage 8.77 8.83 8.80 8.76 8.77 
 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity is monitored regularly by our ALCO, which consists of members of senior management. The committee reviews projected cash flows, key ratios, and liquidity available from both primary and secondary sources. 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents and unencumbered AFS securities. These categories totaled 340,365, or 16.15 of assets, as of September 30, 2024, compared to 381,417, or 18.52 , as of December 31, 2023. The decrease in the amount and percentage of primary liquidity is a direct result of an increase in loans and a decrease in unencumbered AFS securities collateralizing non-market funding. Liquidity is important for financial institutions because of their need to meet loan funding commitments, depositor withdrawal requests, and various other commitments including expansion of operations, investment opportunities, and payment of cash dividends. Based on these same factors, daily liquidity could vary significantly. 
 Deposit accounts are our primary source of funds. Our secondary sources include the ability to borrow from the FHLB, from the FRB, and through various correspondent banks in the form of federal funds purchased and a line of credit. These funding methods typically carry a higher interest rate than traditional market deposit accounts. Some borrowed funds, including FHLB advances, FRB Discount Window advances, and repurchase agreements, require us to pledge assets, typically in the form of AFS securities or loans, as collateral. As of September 30, 2024, we had available lines of credit of 360,440. 
 We monitor our daily liquidity position to meet our cash flow needs. We also forecast anticipated funding needs for changes in interest rates and economic conditions, the scheduled maturity and interest rate sensitivity of the investment and loan portfolios and deposits, and regulatory capital requirements. Our liquidity stress testing is designed with consideration of these and other factors that could pose undue risk to liquidity. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Our liquidity position remained strong at September 30, 2024, which is illustrated in the following table: September 30 2024 June 30 2024 March 31 2024 December 31 2023 September 30 2023 Total cash and cash equivalents 27,378 23,559 25,218 33,672 115,879 Brokered CD capacity 120,000 120,000 120,000 120,000 120,000 Available lines of credit Fed funds lines with correspondent banks 93,000 93,000 93,000 93,000 73,000 FHLB borrowings 233,552 194,403 248,624 211,860 182,125 FRB Discount Window 28,888 28,148 28,083 28,220 27,785 Other lines of credit 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 Total available lines of credit 360,440 320,551 374,707 338,080 287,910 Unencumbered lendable value of FRB collateral, estimated (1) 
 290,000 290,000 310,000 320,000 320,000 Total cash and liquidity 797,818 754,110 829,925 811,752 843,789 Uninsured deposits 687,990 623,245 658,564 600,381 615,633 Coverage ratio of uninsured deposits with total cash and liquidity 116 121 126 135 137 (1) In cludes estimated unencumbered lendable value of FHLB collateral of 200,000 as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Fair Value 
 We utilize fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. AFS securities, cash flow hedge derivative instruments and certain liabilities are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, we may be required to record at fair value other assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as mortgage loans AFS, collateral dependent loans, goodwill, foreclosed assets, OMSR, and certain other assets and liabilities. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve the application of lower of cost or market accounting or write downs of individual assets. 
 For further information regarding fair value measurements see Note 7 Fair Value of our interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Market Risk 
 Our primary market risks are interest rate risk and liquidity risk. IRR is the exposure of our net interest income to changes in interest rates. IRR results from the difference in the maturity or repricing frequency of a financial institution's interest earning assets and its interest bearing liabilities. Managing IRR is the fundamental method by which financial institutions earn income and create shareholder value. Excessive exposure to IRR could pose a significant risk to our earnings and capital. 
 The FRB has adopted a policy requiring banks to effectively manage the various risks that can have a material impact on safety and soundness. The risks include credit, interest rate, liquidity, operational, and reputational. We have policies, procedures, and internal controls for measuring and managing these risks. Specifically, our ALCO policy and procedures include defining acceptable types and terms of investments and funding sources, liquidity requirements, limits on investments in long-term assets, limiting the mismatch in repricing opportunities of assets and liabilities, and the frequency of measuring and reporting to our Board of Directors. 
 The primary technique to measure IRR is simulation analysis. Simulation analysis forecasts the effects on the balance sheet structure and net interest income under a variety of scenarios that incorporate changes in interest rates, the shape of yield curves, interest rate relationships, loan prepayments, and funding sources. These forecasts are compared against net interest income projected in a stable interest rate environment. While many assets and liabilities reprice either at maturity or in accordance with their contractual terms, several balance sheet components demonstrate characteristics that require an evaluation to more accurately reflect their repricing behavior. Key assumptions in the simulation analysis include prepayments on loans, probable calls of investment securities, changes in market conditions, loan volumes and loan pricing, deposit sensitivity, and customer preferences. These assumptions are inherently uncertain as they are subject to fluctuation and revision in a dynamic rate environment. As a result, the simulation analysis cannot precisely forecast the impact of rising and falling interest rates on net interest income. Actual results will differ from simulated results due to many other factors, including changes in balance sheet components, interest rate changes, changes in market conditions, and management strategies. We regularly monitor our projected net interest income sensitivity to ensure that it remains within established limits. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our interest rate sensitivity for 12 and 24 months as of September 30, 2024. The results displayed in the table reflect the modeling of immediate shifts in the yield curve and a flat balance sheet and may not reflect actual or expected changes. September 30, 2024 12 Months 24 Months Immediate basis point change assumption (short-term) -200 -100 100 200 -200 -100 100 200 Percent change in net interest income vs. constant rate (3.64) (1.23) 4.15 4.86 (9.34) (3.64) 6.44 0.66 
 Gap analysis, the secondary method to measure IRR, measures the cash flows and/or the earliest repricing of our interest bearing assets and liabilities. This analysis is useful for measuring trends in the repricing characteristics of the balance sheet. Significant assumptions are required in this process because of the embedded repricing options contained in assets and liabilities. Residential real estate and consumer loans allow the borrower to repay the balance prior to maturity without penalty, while commercial and agricultural loans may have prepayment penalties. The amount of prepayments is dependent upon many factors, including the interest rate of a given loan in comparison to the current offering rates, the level of home sales, and the overall availability of credit in the marketplace. Generally, a decrease in interest rates will result in an increase in cash flows from these assets. Savings and demand accounts may generally be withdrawn on request without prior notice. The timing of cash flows from these deposits is estimated based on historical experience. Certificates of deposit have penalties that discourage early withdrawals. 
 We do not believe there has been a material change in the nature or categories of our primary market risk exposure, or the particular markets that present the primary risk of loss. We do not know of or expect there to be any material change in the general nature of our primary market risk exposure in the near term, and we do not expect to make material changes to our market risk methods in the near term. We may change those methods in the future to adapt to changes in circumstances or to implement new techniques. 
 Gap analysis is also utilized as a method to measure interest rate sensitivity. Interest rate sensitivity is determined by the amount of earning assets and interest bearing liabilities repricing within a specific time period, and their relative sensitivity to a change in interest rates. We strive to achieve reasonable stability in the net interest margin through periods of changing interest rates. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Loan Commitments 
 We have various financial obligations, including contractual obligations and commitments related to deposits and borrowings, which may require future cash payments. We also have loan related commitments that may impact liquidity. The commitments include unused lines of credit, commercial and standby letters of credit, and commitments to grant loans. These commitments to grant loans include residential mortgage loans with the majority committed to be sold to the secondary market. Many of these commitments historically have expired without being drawn upon and do not necessarily represent our future cash requirements. 
 We are party to credit related financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk. These financial instruments are entered into in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers. These financial instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. The contractual or notional amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement we have in a particular class of financial instrument. 
 Our exposure to credit-related loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the financial instruments for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit could be up to the contractual notional amount of those instruments. We use the same credit policies when analyzing the creditworthiness of counterparties as we do for extending loans to customers. No significant losses are anticipated as a result of these commitments. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The following tables provide a detailed analysis, and reconciliation for, our non-GAAP financial measures as of, and for the: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 June 30 2024 March 31 2024 December 31 2023 September 30 2023 September 30 2024 September 30 2023 Net income 3,281 3,481 3,131 3,803 4,413 9,893 14,364 Nonrecurring items: Net gains on sale of AFS securities 67 Net gains (losses) on foreclosed assets 4 6 69 8 75 79 150 Other (1) 
 (1,622) (1,622) Income tax impact 340 (1) (14) (2) (16) 324 (46) Total nonrecurring items (1,278) 5 55 6 59 (1,219) 171 Adjusted net income (A) 4,559 3,476 3,076 3,797 4,354 11,112 14,193 Noninterest expenses 13,228 12,895 12,676 11,915 12,658 38,799 37,395 Amortization of acquisition intangibles 1 1 1 2 Adjusted noninterest expense (B) 13,228 12,894 12,676 11,914 12,658 38,798 37,393 Net interest income 14,488 13,550 13,242 13,612 14,302 41,280 44,332 Tax equivalent adjustment for net interest margin 232 237 246 246 250 716 777 Net interest income (FTE) (C) 14,720 13,787 13,488 13,858 14,552 41,996 45,109 Noninterest income 3,528 3,608 3,468 3,516 3,414 10,604 10,311 Tax equivalent adjustment for efficiency ratio 53 53 51 50 48 157 143 Adjusted revenue (FTE) 18,301 17,448 17,007 17,424 18,014 52,757 55,563 Nonrecurring items Net gains on sale of AFS securities 67 Net gains (losses) on foreclosed assets 4 6 69 8 75 79 150 Total nonrecurring items 4 6 69 8 75 79 217 Adjusted revenue (D) 18,297 17,442 16,938 17,416 17,939 52,678 55,346 Efficiency ratio (B/D) 72.30 73.93 74.84 68.41 70.56 73.65 67.56 Average earning assets (E) 1,967,552 1,948,173 1,943,758 1,943,937 1,927,906 1,953,207 1,929,890 Net yield on interest earning assets (FTE) (C/E) 2.98 2.85 2.79 2.83 2.99 2.87 3.13 
 (1) Provision for credit losses impact of a 1,622 charge-off related to overdrawn deposit accounts from a single customer. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 June 30 2024 March 31 2024 December 31 2023 September 30 2023 September 30 2024 September 30 2023 Average assets (F) 2,095,200 2,067,211 2,066,757 2,053,437 2,041,129 2,076,454 2,043,686 Average shareholders' equity (G) 208,444 200,734 203,434 188,958 190,957 204,221 191,375 Average tangible shareholders' equity (H) 160,161 152,451 155,150 140,674 142,672 155,938 143,089 Average diluted shares outstanding (2) 
 (I) 7,473,184 7,494,828 7,507,739 7,526,515 7,570,374 7,492,404 7,591,664 Adjusted diluted earnings per share (A/I) 0.61 0.46 0.41 0.50 0.58 1.48 1.87 Adjusted return on average assets (A/F) 0.87 0.68 0.60 0.73 0.85 0.71 0.93 Adjusted return on average shareholders' equity (A/G) 8.70 6.96 6.08 7.97 9.05 7.27 9.92 Adjusted return on average tangible shareholders' equity (A/H) 11.32 9.17 7.97 10.71 12.11 9.52 13.26 
 (2) Whole shares 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 The information presented in the section captioned Market Risk in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 During the most recent fiscal quarter, no change occurred in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

54 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are not involved in any material legal proceedings. We are involved in ordinary, routine litigation incidental to our business; however, no such routine proceedings are expected to result in any material adverse effect on operations, earnings, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 (A) None 
 (B) None 
 (C) Repurchases of Common Stock 
 We have adopted and publicly announced a common stock repurchase plan. The plan was last amended on April 28, 2021, to allow for the repurchase of an additional 500,000 shares of common stock after that date. These authorizations do not have expiration dates. As common shares are repurchased under this plan, they are retired with the status of authorized, but unissued, shares. 
 The following table provides information for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, with respect to this plan: Common Shares Repurchased Total Number of Common Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan or Program Maximum Number of Common Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs Number Average Price Per Common Share June 30, 2024 198,713 July 1 - 31 9,656 18.43 9,656 189,057 August 1 - 31 37,768 19.36 37,768 151,289 September 1 - 30 5,452 19.81 5,452 145,837 September 30, 2024 52,876 19.23 52,876 145,837 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 Securities Trading Plans of Executive Officers 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of the Corporation s directors or officers adopted, modified or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, in each case as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 (a) Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Exhibits 4.1 
 Indenture, dated as of June 2, 2021, by and between Isabella Bank Corporation and UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 2, 2021) 
 4.2 
 Form of 3.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due 2031 (included in the Indenture included as Exhibit 4.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q) 
 10.1 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2021, by and among the Corporation and the several Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 2, 2021) 
 10.2 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2021, by and among the Corporation and the several Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 2, 2021) 
 31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Principal Executive Officer 
 31.2 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Principal Financial Officer 
 32 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 101.1 101.INS (Inline XBRL Instance Document) 101.SCH (Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document) 101.CAL (Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document) 101.LAB (Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document) 101.DEF (Inline XBRL Taxonomy Linkbase Document) 101.PRE (Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File 
 In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulations S-T, the XBRL related information shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be part of any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Isabella Bank Corporation Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ Jerome E. Schwind Jerome E. Schwind President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ William M. Schaefer William M. Schaefer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 57 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 isba_20240930xqxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 I, Jerome E. Schwind, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Isabella Bank Corporation (the registrant ). 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Quarterly Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Quarterly Report. 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this Quarterly Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Quarterly Report. 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Quarterly Report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 s Jerome E. Schwind President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 isba_20240930xqxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 I, William M. Schaefer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Isabella Bank Corporation (the registrant ). 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Quarterly Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Quarterly Report. 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this Quarterly Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Quarterly Report. 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Quarterly Report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 s William M. Schaefer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 isba_20240930xqxex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Isabella Bank Corporation (the Corporation on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Jerome E. Schwind, President and Chief Executive Officer and William M. Schaefer, Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 s Jerome E. Schwind President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 14, 2024 s William M. Schaefer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 14, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 isba-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 isba-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 isba-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 isba-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 isba-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

