<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1141103_0001628280-24-046218.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10490260</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101219</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2401406</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4152933</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1756217</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1833327</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-046218.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107155906
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-046218
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CROSS COUNTRY HEALTHCARE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001141103
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				134066229
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33169
		FILM NUMBER:		241435323

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6551 PARK OF COMMERCE BOULEVARD, N.W.
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8003472264

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6551 PARK OF COMMERCE BOULEVARD, N.W.
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CROSS COUNTRY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010521

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-046218.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 ccrn-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ccrn-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 Or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Transition Period From _________ to _________ 

. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) Commission file number (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition 
 period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The registrant had outstandin g shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, as of October 25, 2024. 

INFORMATION RELATING TO FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 In addition to historical information, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains statements relating to our future results (including certain projections and business trends) that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. Forward-looking statements consist of statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events. Words such as expects , anticipates , intends , plans , believes , estimates , suggests , appears , seeks , will , could , and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results and performance to be materially different from any future results or performance expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: the overall macroeconomic environment, including increased inflation and interest rates, dema nd for the healthcare services that we provide, both nationally and in the regions in which we operate, our ability to attract and retain qualified nurses, physicians and other healthcare personnel, costs and availability of short-term housing for our travel healthcare professionals, the functioning of our information systems, the effect of cyber security risks and cyber incidents on our business, the effect of existing or future government regulation and federal and state legislative and enforcement initiatives on our business, including data privacy and protection laws, social, ethical, and security issues relating to the use of artificial intelligence, our customers ability to pay us for our services, our ability to successfully implement our acquisition and development strategies, including our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and realize synergies from such acquisitions, the effect of liabilities and other claims asserted against us, the effect of competition in the markets we serve, our ability to successfully defend the Company, its subsidiaries, and its officers and directors on the merits of any lawsuit or determine its potential liability, if any, and other factors, including, without limitation, the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (2023 Form 10-K), as filed and updated in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 
 Although we believe that these statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, we cannot guarantee future results and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management s opinions only as of the date of this filing. There can be no assurance that (i) we have correctly measured or identified all of the factors affecting our business or the extent of these factors likely impact, (ii) the available information with respect to these factors on which such analysis is based is complete or accurate, (iii) such analysis is correct or (iv) our strategy, which is based in part on this analysis, will be successful. Except as may be required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements. 
 
 All references to the Company , we , us , our , or Cross Country in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q mean Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

CROSS COUNTRY HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 
 INDEX 
 
 FORM 10-Q 
 
 September 30, 2024 PAGE PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 42 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 42 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 42 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 43 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 44 
 Signatures 
 45 

i 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CROSS COUNTRY HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited, amounts in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances of in 2024 and in 2023 
 Income taxes receivable Prepaid expenses Insurance recovery receivable Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of in 2024 and in 2023 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Insurance recovery receivable Cloud computing Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued compensation and benefits Operating lease liabilities Earnout liability Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Accrued claims Earnout liability Uncertain tax positions Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 
 1 

CROSS COUNTRY HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited, amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue from services Operating expenses: Direct operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Credit loss expense Depreciation and amortization Restructuring costs Legal and other losses Impairment charges Total operating expenses Income (loss) from operations ) Other expenses (income): Interest expense Loss on early extinguishment of debt Interest income ) ) ) ) Other expense (income), net ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized foreign currency translation loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders - Basic ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders - Diluted ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 
 2 

CROSS COUNTRY HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited, amounts in thousands) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net Retained Earnings Stockholders Equity Shares Dollars Balances at June 30, 2024 ) Vesting of restricted stock ) ) Equity compensation Stock repurchase and retirement ) ) ) Stock repurchase excise tax ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes ) ) Net income Balances at September 30, 2024 ) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net Retained Earnings Stockholders Equity Shares Dollars Balances at June 30, 2023 ) Vesting of restricted stock ) ) Equity compensation Stock repurchase and retirement ) ) ) Stock repurchase excise tax ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes ) ) Net income Balances at September 30, 2023 ) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 
 3 

CROSS COUNTRY HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited, amounts in thousands) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net Retained Earnings Stockholders Equity Shares Dollars Balances at December 31, 2023 ) Vesting of restricted stock ) ) Equity compensation Stock repurchase and retirement ) ) ) ) Stock repurchase excise tax ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 ) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net (Accumulated Deficit) Retained Earnings Stockholders Equity Shares Dollars Balances at December 31, 2022 ) Vesting of restricted stock ) ) Equity compensation Stock repurchase and retirement ) ) ) Stock repurchase excise tax ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes ) ) Net income Balances at September 30, 2023 ) 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 
 4 

CROSS COUNTRY HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited, amounts in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Consolidated net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for allowances Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) Non-cash lease expense Impairment charges Loss on early extinguishment of debt Equity compensation Other non-cash costs Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets Income taxes ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Acquisition-related settlements Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Principal payments on term loan ) Borrowings under Senior Secured Asset-Based revolving credit facility Repayments on Senior Secured Asset-Based revolving credit facility ) ) Cash paid for shares withheld for taxes ) ) Stock repurchase and retirement ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) ) Other ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 
 5 

CROSS COUNTRY HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

1. 

2. 

6 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company generally does not require collateral and mitigates its credit risk by performing credit evaluations and monitoring at-risk accounts. The allowance for credit losses is established for losses expected to be incurred on accounts receivable balances. Accounts receivable are written off against the allowance for credit losses when the Company determines amounts are no longer collectible. Judgment is required in the estimation of the allowance and the Company evaluates the collectability of its accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. The Company bases its allowance for credit losses estimates on its historical write-off experience, current conditions, an analysis of the aging of outstanding receivable and customer payment patterns, and specific reserves for customers in adverse condition adjusted for current expectations for the customers or industry. Based on the information currently available, the Company also considered expectations of future economic condition s when estimating its allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Credit Loss Expense Write-Offs, net of Recoveries ) Balance at March 31 Credit Loss Expense Write-Offs, net of Recoveries ) ) Balance at June 30 Credit Loss Expense Write-Offs, net of Recoveries ) ) Balance at September 30 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 to days from the date of invoice and are considered past due based on the particular negotiated contract terms. The majority of the Company's customers are healthcare systems with a significant percentage in acute-care facilities. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, or the Company s accounts receivable balance as of 
 7 

million during the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 

Charged to restructuring Payments ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 Charged to restructuring Payments ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 Charged to restructuring Payments ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 

8 

3. 
 
 Other Services Total Three Months ended September 30, 2023 Nurse And Allied Staffing Physician Staffing Total Segments (amounts in thousands) Temporary Staffing Services Other Services Total Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 Nurse And Allied Staffing Physician Staffing Total Segments (amounts in thousands) Temporary Staffing Services Other Services Total Nine Months ended September 30, 2023 Nurse And Allied Staffing Physician Staffing Total Segments Temporary Staffing Services Other Services Total 

4. 
 
 million in cash, subject to adjustment, and million in shares (or shares) of the Company's common stock. The transaction was treated as a purchase of assets for income tax purposes. 
 
 9 

million in earnout cash consideration based on HireUp's revenues and Adjusted EBITDA for each of the twelve-month periods ending on the first and second anniversaries of the first day after the closing date. Quarterly throughout 2023, and during the first quarter of 2024, the Company performed analyses using multiple updated forecasted scenarios and determined that the earnout would only be partially achieved. As a result, the Company recognized a decrease in the fair value of the related liabilities in the second and third quarters of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024. The Company paid the remaining earnout liability of million in the first quarter of 2024. See Note 10 - Fair Value Measurements. 
 
 Mint 
 
 On October 3, 2022, the Company purchased and acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Mint Medical Physician Staffing, LP and Lotus Medical Staffing LLC (collectively, Mint) for a purchase price of million in cash, subject to adjustment, and million in shares (or shares) of the Company's common stock. The transaction was treated as a purchase of assets for income tax purposes. 
 
 The sellers were eligible to receive up to an additional million in earnout cash consideration based on Mint's revenues and gross profit for each of the twelve-month periods ending on the first and second anniversaries of the first day of the calendar month following the closing date. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company performed a calculation for the first measurement period, resulting in the achievement of a million earnout, which was paid in the first quarter of 2024. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company performed analyses using multiple updated forecasted scenarios and determined that the earnout for the second measurement period would only be partially achieved and, as a result, recognized a decrease in the fair value of the related liabilities. The remaining liability of million is included in the current portion of earnout liability on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. See Note 10 - Fair Value Measurements. 
 
 Cross Country Workforce Solutions Group (CCWSG) 
 
 On June 8, 2021, the Company purchased and acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Workforce Solutions Group, Inc. (WSG) for a purchase price of million in cash and million in shares (or shares) of the Company's common stock. 
 
 The sellers were eligible to receive an earnout based on the business' performance through after the acquisition date that could provide up to an additional million in cash. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company determined that the contingent consideration earnout was achieved for the 2021 through 2022 period and, as a result, the Company made a million earnout payment. In the third quarter of 2023, the Company determined that the contingent consideration earnout was achieved for the 2022 through 2023 period and, as a result, the Company made the final million earnout payment. 

5. 
 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 The income tax impact related to components of other comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is included in unrealized foreign currency translation loss, net of tax in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 10 

6. 
 
 Denominator: Weighted average common shares - Basic Effect of diluted shares: Share-based awards Weighted average common shares - Diluted a 
 Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders - Basic ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders - Diluted ) 
 
 (a) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the effect of diluted shares was not included in the weighted average share calculation due to the Company's net operating loss position. 

11 

7. 
 
 Customer relationships Trade names Software Other intangible assets, net Intangible assets not subject to amortization: Trade names, indefinite-lived 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 Goodwill, Trade Names, and Other Intangible Assets Impairment 
 
 The Company tests reporting units goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment annually during the fourth quarter and more frequently if impairment indicators exist. The Company performs quarterly qualitative assessments of significant events and circumstances, such as reporting units historical and current results, assumptions regarding future performance, strategic initiatives and overall economic factors, and macro-economic developments, to determine the existence of potential indicators of impairment and assess if it is more likely than not that the fair value of reporting units or intangible assets is less than their carrying value. If indicators of impairments are identified a quantitative impairment test is performed. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company performed a qualitative assessment of each of its reporting units and determined that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting units dropped below their carrying value. A lthough management believes that the Company s current estimates and assumptions utilized in its qualitative testing are reasonable and supportable, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions management used for purposes of its assessment as of September 30, 2024 will prove to be accurate predictions of future performance. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, goodwill by reporting segment was: million for Nurse and Allied Staffing and million for Physician Staffing, for a total of million. 
 
 For its long-lived assets and definite-lived intangible assets, the Company reviews for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. As of September 30, 2024, the Company performed a qualitative assessment of its trade names and other intangible assets and determined it was not more likely than not that their carrying value may not be recoverable. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company wrote off an abandoned IT project, resulting in an impairment charge. 
 
 12 

8. 
 
 and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Debt ) ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was debt outstanding on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company has elected to present the debt issuance costs associated with its senior secured asset-based credit facility as an asset, included in other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 2021 Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 On June 8, 2021, the Company entered into a Term Loan Credit Agreement (Term Loan Agreement) with certain lenders identified therein (collectively, the Lenders) and Wilmington Trust , National Association as administrative agent and collateral agent, pursuant to which the Lenders extended to the Company a second lien subordinated term loan in the amount of million (term loan). 
 
 On November 18, 2021, the Company amended the Term Loan Agreement (Term Loan First Amendment), which provided the Company an incremental borrowing in an aggregate amount equal to million. Additionally, the Term Loan First Amendment increased the aggregate amount of all increases (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) to be no greater than million. 
 
 On April 14, 2023, the Company amended the Term Loan Agreement (Term Loan Second Amendment), which provided the option for all or a portion of the borrowings to bear interest at a rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) or the Base Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement), at the election of the borrowers, plus an applicable margin. 
 
 On June 30, 2023, the Company repaid all outstanding obligations of million under the term loan and terminated the Term Loan Agreement. As a result, debt issuance costs of million were written off in the second quarter of 2023. There were prepayment premiums associated with the payoff and all subsidiary guarantees of the term loan were automatically released. 
 
 2019 Asset-Based Loan Agreement 
 Effective October 25, 2019, the Company terminated its prior senior credit facility and entered into an asset-based loan agreement, by and among the Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries, as borrowers or guarantors, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and PNC Bank N.A., as well as other Lenders (as defined therein) from time to time parties thereto (Loan Agreement). The Loan Agreement provided for a revolving senior secured asset-based credit facility (ABL) in the aggregate principal amount of up to million, including a sublimit for swing loans up to million and a million sublimit for standby letters of credit. 
 On June 30, 2020, the Company amended the Loan Agreement (First Amendment), which increased the current aggregate committed size of the ABL from million to million. All other terms, conditions, covenants, and pricing of the Loan Agreement remained the same. 
 On March 8, 2021, the Company amended the Loan Agreement (Second Amendment), which increased the current aggregate committed size of the ABL from million to million, increased certain borrowing base sub-limits, and decreased both the cash dominion event and financial reporting triggers. 
 On June 8, 2021, the Company amended the Loan Agreement (Third Amendment), which permitted the incurrence of indebtedness and grant of security as set forth in the Loan Agreement and in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement (as defined in the Loan Agreement), and provides mechanics relating to a transition away from LIBOR as a benchmark interest rate to a replacement alternative benchmark rate or mechanism for loans made in U.S. dollars. 
 On November 18, 2021, the Company amended the Loan Agreement (Fourth Amendment), whereby the permitted indebtedness (as defined in the Loan Agreement), was increased to million. 
 13 

million to million, extended the term of the credit facility for an additional , through March 21, 2027, and increased certain borrowing base sub-limits. In addition, the agreement provides the option for all or a portion of the borrowings to bear interest at a rate based on the SOFR or the Base Rate (as defined in the Loan Agreement), at the election of the borrowers, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin increased basis points due to the credit spread associated with the transition to SOFR. 
 On September 29, 2023, the Company amended the Loan Agreement (Sixth Amendment), which changed the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio from a maintenance covenant to a springing covenant based on excess availability, which provides for compliance with the covenant only during a compliance period (any time that excess availability falls below a certain threshold), and in such case, the financial covenant shall be tested during this period. 
 On July 29, 2024, the Company amended the Loan Agreement (Seventh Amendment), which allows for all share repurchases paid in cash prior to June 30, 2024 and thereafter to be excluded as restricted payments in the fixed charge coverage ratio calculation, if as of the date of the share repurchase, there is revolving ABL balance (except for interest and fees payable in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement). 
 These amendments were treated as modifications of debt and, as a result, the associated fees and costs were included in debt issuance costs and are amortized ratably over the remaining term of the Loan Agreement. 
 The ABL availability is subject to a borrowing base of up to of secured eligible accounts receivable, subject to adjustment at certain quality levels, minus customary reserves and subject to customary adjustments. Revolving loans and letters of credit issued under the Loan Agreement reduce availability under the ABL on a dollar-for-dollar basis. At September 30, 2024, there were borrowings drawn under the ABL, and borrowing base availability under the ABL was million, with million of availability net of million of letters of credit outstanding related to workers' compensation and professional liability policies. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the interest rate spreads and fees under the ABL were based on SOFR plus for the revolving portion of the borrowing base. The Base Rate margin would have been for the revolving portion . The SOFR and Base Rate margins are subject to monthly adjustments, pursuant to a pricing matrix based on the Company s excess availability under the revolving credit facility. In addition, the facility is subject to an unused line fee, letter of credit fees, and an administrative fee. The unused line fee is of the average daily unused portion of the revolving credit facility. 
 The Loan Agreement contains various restrictions applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the excess availability did not fall below the stated threshold and, as a result, there was no covenant compliance period. Obligations under the ABL are secured by substantially all of the assets of the borrowers and guarantors, subject to customary exceptions. 
 
 14 

9. 
 
 Operating lease liabilities - current Operating lease liabilities - non-current 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: amount of lease payments representing interest ) Present value of future minimum lease payments Less: operating lease liabilities - current ) Operating lease liabilities - non-current 

15 

Right-of-use assets acquired under operating lease 
 
 The components of lease expense are as follows: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (amounts in thousands) Amounts Included in Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss): Operating lease expense Short-term lease expense Variable and other lease costs Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (amounts in thousands) Amounts Included in Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss): Operating lease expense Short-term lease expense Variable and other lease costs 
 
 Operating lease expense, short-term lease expense, and variable and other lease costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses, direct operating expenses, and restructuring costs in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), depending on the nature of the leased asset. Operating lease expense is reported net of sublease income, which is not material. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company did not have any material operating leases that had not yet commenced, and does not have any finance lease contracts. 

10. 
 16 

Financial Liabilities: (Level 1) Deferred compensation liability 
 
 Items Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis: 
 
 The Company s non-financial assets, such as goodwill, trade names, other intangible assets, right-of-use assets, and property and equipment, are measured at fair value when there is an indicator of impairment and are recorded at fair value only when an impairment charge is recognized. 
 
 The Company did not record any material impairment charges during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Other Fair Value Disclosures: 
 
 Financial instruments not measured or recorded at fair value in the condensed consolidated balance sheets consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable and accrued expenses. The estimated fair value of accounts receivable and accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their carrying amount due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 
 Other financial instruments measured or recorded at fair value include earnout liabilities related to the (i) Mint and (ii) HireUp acquisitions, as discussed below. 
 
 (i) Potential earnout payments related to the Mint acquisition are contingent upon meeting certain performance requirements based on 2022 through 2024 performance. On a quarterly basis, the Company performs an analysis using multiple forecasted scenarios to determine the fair value of the earnout liability. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company performed the earnout calculation for the first measurement period, resulting in an earnout of million, which was paid in the first quarter of 2024. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company determined that the earnout for the second measurement period would only be partially achieved and, as a result, recognized a decrease in the fair value of the related liabilities. The remaining liability of million is included in the current portion of earnout liability on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The carrying amount of the earnout liability approximates fair value. See Note 4 - Acquisitions. 
 17 

million was paid in the first quarter of 2024. See Note 4 - Acquisitions. 
 
 Concentration of Credit Risk: 
 
 See discussion of credit losses and allowance for credit losses in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. Overall, based on the large number of customers in differing geographic areas, primarily throughout the United States and its territories, the Company believes that the concentration of credit risk is limited. 

11. 
 
 million in additional share repurchases to be added to the prior authorized repurchase program, such that, effective for trades made after May 3, 2023, the aggregate amount available for stock repurchases was set at million (the Repurchase Program). The shares can be repurchased from time-to-time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any particular number of shares of common stock and may be discontinued by the Board of Directors at any time. Decisions regarding the amount and the timing of repurchases under the Repurchase Program will be subject to the Company s available liquidity and cash on hand, applicable legal requirements, the terms of the Company s Loan Agreement, general market conditions, and other factors. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into a Rule 10b5-1 Repurchase Plan to allow for share repurchases during the Company's blackout periods, effective through November 2, 2023. During the third quarter of 2023, the Company entered into a new Rule 10b5-1 Repurchase Plan to allow for share repurchases during the Company's blackout periods, beginning on January 2, 2024 and effective through November 7, 2024. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased a total of shares of common stock for million, at an average price of per share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased a total of shares of common stock for an aggregate of million, at an average price of per share. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased a total of shares of common stock for million, at an average price of per share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased a total of shares of common stock for million, at an average price of per share. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million remaining for share repurchase under the Repurchase Program, subject to certain conditions in the Company's Loan Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had unrestricted shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 Share-Based Payments 
 
 On May 14, 2024, the Company's stockholders approved the Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (2024 Plan). Pursuant to the 2024 Plan, awards may be granted to employees, non-employee directors, consultants, and key advisors of the Company and its subsidiaries, including stock options (including incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options), stock appreciation rights, stock awards, stock units, other stock-based awards, and cash awards. The 2024 Plan was adopted principally to serve as a successor plan to the Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (2020 Plan) and to increase the number of shares of Company common stock reserved for equity-based awards to shares (in addition to the share reserve amount that remained available under the 2020 Plan immediately prior to the adoption of the 2024 Plan and other eligible returning shares). No awards may be granted under the 2024 Plan after May 13, 2034. 
 
 18 

Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Unvested restricted stock awards, September 30, 2024 
 
 Restricted stock awards granted under the Company s Plans entitle the holder to receive, at the end of a vesting period, a specified number of shares of the Company s common stock. Share-based compensation expense is measured by the market value of the Company s stock on the date of grant. 
 
 Awards granted to non-employee directors under the Plans will vest on the first anniversary of such grant date, or earlier subject to retirement eligibility . In addition, effective for the three months ended June 30, 2020, the Company implemented modified guidelines that provide for accelerated vesting of restricted stock grants on the last date of service when a retirement-eligible director retires. 
 
 Pursuant to the Plans, the number of target shares that are issued for performance-based stock awards are determined based on the level of attainment of the targets. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company's Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved a level of attainment for the 2021 performance-based share awards, resulting in the issuance of performance shares that vested on March 31, 2024. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, million and million, respectively, was included in selling, general and administrative expenses related to share-based payments, and a net of and shares, respectively, of common stock were issued upon the vesting of restricted and performance stock. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, million and million, respectively, was included in selling, general and administrative expenses related to share-based payments, and a net of and shares, respectively, of common stock were issued upon the vesting of restricted and performance stock. 

12. 

19 

Physician Staffing Contribution income: Nurse and Allied Staffing Physician Staffing Corporate overhead (a) 
 Depreciation and amortization Restructuring costs Legal and other losses Impairment charges Other costs (b) 
 Income (loss) from operations ) 
 _______________ 
 (a) Corporate overhead includes unallocated executive leadership and other centralized corporate functional support costs such as finance, IT, legal, human resources, and marketing, as well as public company expenses and corporate-wide projects (initiatives). 
 (b) Other costs include acquisition and integration-related costs. 

13. 
 
 20 

14. 
 
 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. In addition to using actual results, a book loss primarily driven by credit loss expense as discussed in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, relative to nondeductible items, caused the year-to-date effective tax rates to be significantly different from the historical annual effective tax rate. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately million of unrecognized tax benefits included in other non-current liabilities, million, net of deferred taxes, which would impact the effective tax rate if recognized. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had net increases of million to its current year unrecognized tax benefits related to federal and state tax provisions. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2024, many jurisdictions implemented the Pillar Two rules issued by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development. In general, large multinational entity groups with consolidated revenue in excess of 750 million Euros in at least two of the preceding four years could be subject to the new rules in jurisdictions with an effective tax rate below fifteen percent. The Company currently does not operate in any jurisdictions that have implemented the Pillar Two rules, but jurisdictions may adopt retroactively to January 1, 2024. The Company does not expect the adoption of the Pillar Two rules by any jurisdiction in which it currently operates to have a material impact on its financial statements. 
 
 The tax years 2012 through 2023 remain open to examination by certain taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject to tax. 

15. 
 
 21 

million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and an amount for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Accounts receivable due from these entities was million at September 30, 2024 and an amount at December 31, 2023. 

16. 

22 

Accounts receivable, net Income taxes receivable Prepaid expenses Insurance recovery receivable Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Insurance recovery receivable Cloud computing Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued compensation and benefits Operating lease liabilities Earnout liability Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Accrued claims Earnout liability Uncertain tax positions Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings ) Total stockholders equity 
 ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

23 

Accounts receivable, net Income taxes receivable Prepaid expenses Insurance recovery receivable Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Insurance recovery receivable Cloud computing Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued compensation and benefits Operating lease liabilities Earnout liability Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Debt Operating lease liabilities Accrued claims Earnout liability Uncertain tax positions Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: 
 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings ) Total stockholders equity 
 ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

24 

) Operating expenses: Direct operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Credit loss expense Depreciation and amortization Restructuring costs Impairment charges Total operating expenses Income from operations ) Other expenses (income): Interest expense Loss on early extinguishment of debt Other income, net ) ) Income before income taxes ) Income tax expense ) Net income attributable to common stockholders ) Other comprehensive income: Unrealized foreign currency translation loss, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income ) Net income per share attributable to common stockholders - Basic ) Net income per share attributable to common stockholders - Diluted ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 

25 

) Vesting of restricted stock ) ) Equity compensation Stock repurchase and retirement ) ) ) Stock repurchase excise tax ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes Net income Balances at December 31, 2023 ) Revisions Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) Vesting of restricted stock Equity compensation Stock repurchase and retirement Stock repurchase excise tax Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes Net income Balances at December 31, 2023 ) ) As Revised Balances at December 31, 2022 ) Vesting of restricted stock ) ) Equity compensation Stock repurchase and retirement ) ) ) Stock repurchase excise tax ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes Net income Balances at December 31, 2023 ) 

26 

) ) Vesting of restricted stock ) ) Equity compensation Stock repurchase and retirement ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes ) ) Acquisitions Net income Balances at December 31, 2022 ) Revisions Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) Vesting of restricted stock Equity compensation Stock repurchase and retirement Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes Acquisitions Net loss ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) As Revised Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) Vesting of restricted stock ) ) Equity compensation Stock repurchase and retirement ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes ) ) Acquisitions Net income Balances at December 31, 2022 ) 

27 

) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for allowances Deferred income tax expense Non-cash lease expense Impairment charges Loss on early extinguishment of debt Equity compensation Other non-cash costs Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Income taxes ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Acquisition-related settlements Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Principal payments on term loan ) ) Principal payments on note payable ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Borrowings under Senior Secured Asset-Based revolving credit facility Repayments on Senior Secured Asset-Based revolving credit facility ) ) Cash paid for shares withheld for taxes ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) ) Stock repurchase and retirement ) ) Other ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 28 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The purpose of the following Management s Discussion and Analysis (MD A) is to help facilitate the understanding of significant factors influencing the quarterly operating results, financial condition, and cash flows of the Company. Additionally, MD A also conveys our current expectations of the potential impact of known trends, events, or uncertainties that may impact future results. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (2023 Form 10-K) (including Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors ), our financial statements and the accompanying notes to our financial statements. 

Business Overview 
 
 We provide total talent management services, including strategic workforce solutions, contingent staffing, permanent placement, and consultative services for healthcare customers across the continuum of care, by recruiting and placing highly qualified healthcare professionals in virtually every specialty and area of expertise. In addition to clinical roles such as school nurses, speech language, and behavioral therapists, we place non-clinical professionals such as teachers, substitute teachers, and other education specialties at educational facilities across the nation. Our diverse customer base includes both public and private acute care and non-acute care hospitals, outpatient clinics, ambulatory care facilities, single- and multi-specialty physician practices, rehabilitation facilities, Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) programs, urgent care centers, local and national healthcare systems, managed care providers, public and charter schools, correctional facilities, government facilities, pharmacies, and many other healthcare providers. Through our national staffing teams, we offer our workforce solutions and place clinicians on travel and per diem assignments, local short-term contracts, and permanent positions. In addition, we continually evaluate opportunities to acquire companies that would complement or enhance our business, like WSG and Mint. 
 
 Our workforce solutions include managed service programs (MSPs), vendor management systems (VMS), in-home care services, education health services, recruitment process outsourcing (RPO), project management, and other outsourcing and consultative services as described in Item 1. Business in our 2023 Form 10-K. By utilizing the solutions that we offer, customers are able to better plan their personnel needs, optimize their talent acquisition and management processes, strategically flex and balance their workforce, have access to quality healthcare personnel, and provide continuity of care for improved patient outcomes. We have a history of investing in diversity, equality, and inclusion as a key component of the organization s overall corporate social responsibility program, which we believe is closely aligned with our core values to create a better future for our people, communities, and our stockholders. 
 
 The Company s two reportable segments offer services to its customers as described below: 
 
 Nurse and Allied Staffing Nurse and Allied Staffing represented approximately 84 of total revenue in the third quarter of 2024. The Nurse and Allied Staffing segment provides workforce solutions and traditional staffing, including temporary and permanent placement of travel nurses and allied professionals, as well as per diem and contract nurses and allied personnel. We also provide clinical and non-clinical professionals on short-term and long-term assignments to customers such as local and national healthcare plans, managed care providers, public and charter schools, correctional facilities, skilled nursing facilities, and other non-acute settings. In addition, Nurse and Allied Staffing provides executive search services for healthcare professionals, as well as contingent search. We provide flexible workforce solutions to our healthcare customers through diversified offerings designed to meet their unique needs, including MSP, RPO, and consulting services. We also offer our SaaS-based, proprietary, vendor management technology, Intellify to facilities to manage all or a portion of their agency services. 
 
 Physician Staffing Physician Staffing represented approximately 16 of total revenue in the third quarter of 2024. Physician Staffing provides physicians in many specialties, as well as certified registered nurse anesthetists, nurse practitioners, and physician assistants as independent contractors on temporary assignments throughout the United States. 
 
 Summary of Operations 
 
 For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, consolidated revenue declined 28.8 year-over-year to 315.1 million, as travel nurse and allied has seen a decline in both billable days and average bill rates. The declines in travel staffing were partly offset by continued growth in several other lines of business, including Homecare Staffing which was up 13.1 over the prior year, as well as growth in our Physician Staffing segment which was up 10.0 over the prior year. Net income attributable to common stockholders in the current quarter was 2.6 million, as compared to 12.8 million for the same period in the prior year. 
 29 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents totaled 64.0 million, down slightly from the prior quarter, as we continued to repurchase shares under our authorized repurchase plan throughout the quarter. Cash flow provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 95.9 million, driven primarily by collections from clients driving down working capital. As of September 30, 2024, there were no borrowings drawn under the revolving senior-secured asset-based credit facility (ABL), and borrowing base availability was 150.2 million, with 135.2 million of availability net of 15.0 million of letters of credit. 
 
 See Results of Operations, Segment Results, and Liquidity and Capital Resources sections that follow for further information. 
 
 Operating Metrics 
 
 We evaluate our financial condition by tracking operating metrics and financial results specific to each of our segments. Key operating metrics include hours worked, days filled, number of contract personnel on a full-time equivalent (FTE) basis, revenue per FTE, and revenue per day filled. Other operating metrics include number of open orders, candidate applications, contract bookings, length of assignment, bill and pay rates, renewal and fill rates, number of active searches, and number of placements. These operating metrics are representative of trends that assist management in evaluating business performance. Due to the timing of our business process and other factors, certain of these operating metrics may not necessarily correlate to the reported U.S. GAAP results for the periods presented. Some of the segment financial results analyzed include revenue, operating expenses, and contribution income. In addition, we monitor cash flow, as well as operating and leverage ratios, to help us assess our liquidity needs. 
 
 Business Segment Business Measurement Nurse and Allied Staffing FTEs represent the average number of Nurse and Allied Staffing contract personnel on a full-time equivalent basis. Average revenue per FTE per day is calculated by dividing the Nurse and Allied Staffing revenue, excluding permanent placement, per FTE by the number of days worked in the respective periods. Physician Staffing Days filled is calculated by dividing the total hours invoiced during the period, including an estimate for the impact of accrued revenue, by eight hours. Revenue per day filled is calculated by dividing revenue as reported by days filled for the period presented. 
 
 30 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, selected condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) data expressed as a percentage of revenue. Our historical results of operations are not necessarily indicative of future operating results. 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue from services 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Direct operating expenses 79.7 78.0 79.5 77.6 Selling, general and administrative expenses 17.2 15.7 17.2 14.5 Credit loss expense 0.5 0.5 2.1 0.6 Depreciation and amortization 1.4 1.0 1.3 0.9 Restructuring costs 0.3 0.1 0.4 0.1 Legal and other losses 0.7 0.1 Impairment charges 0.1 0.1 Income (loss) from operations 0.9 4.6 (1.3) 6.2 Interest expense 0.2 0.2 0.1 0.5 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 0.1 Interest income (0.4) (0.1) Other expense (income), net (0.1) Income (loss) before income taxes 1.1 4.4 (1.2) 5.6 Income tax expense (benefit) 0.3 1.5 (0.2) 1.6 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 0.8 2.9 (1.0) 4.0 
 
 31 

Comparison of Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 (Amounts in thousands) Revenue from services 315,119 442,291 (127,172) (28.8) Direct operating expenses 250,961 344,932 (93,971) (27.2) Selling, general and administrative expenses 54,297 69,627 (15,330) (22.0) Credit loss expense 1,512 2,355 (843) (35.8) Depreciation and amortization 4,498 4,540 (42) (0.9) Restructuring costs 998 348 650 186.8 Impairment charges 186 (186) (100.0) Income from operations 2,853 20,303 (17,450) (85.9) Interest expense 550 669 (119) (17.8) Interest income (1,107) (5) (1,102) NM Other expense, net 21 139 (118) NM Income before income taxes 3,389 19,500 (16,111) (82.6) Income tax expense 834 6,688 (5,854) (87.5) Net income attributable to common stockholders 2,555 12,812 (10,257) (80.1) 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 
 Revenue from services 
 
 Revenue from services decreased 28.8 to 315.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 442.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, due primarily to expected volume and bill rate declines in the Nurse and Allied Staffing segment partially offset by higher volume and an average daily revenue in the Physician Staffing segment. See further discussion in Segment Results. 
 
 Direct operating expenses 
 
 Direct operating expenses consist primarily of field employee compensation and independent contractor expenses, housing expenses, travel expenses, and related insurance expenses. Direct operating expenses decreased 94.0 million, or 27.2 , to 251.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 344.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of revenue decreases and the tightening of the bill/pay spreads. We operate in a highly competitive market for our services, and we have experienced margin compression in several of our core businesses. As a percentage of total revenue, direct operating expenses increased to 79.7 , as compared to 78.0 in the prior year period. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 22.0 to 54.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 69.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreases in compensation and benefit expense through proactive cost management. As a percentage of total revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 17.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 15.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Credit loss expense 
 
 Credit loss expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.5 million, as compared to 2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. As a percentage of revenue, credit loss expense was 0.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

32 

Depreciation and amortization expense 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 4.5 million. As a percentage of revenue, depreciation and amortization expense was 1.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 1.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Restructuring costs 
 
 Restructuring costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily comprised of employee termination costs and software license costs, while restructuring costs for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily comprised of employee termination costs and ongoing lease exit costs. See Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 Interest expense was 0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to lower average borrowings, partially offset by a higher effective interest rate. 
 
 Interest income 
 
 Interest income of 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 related to higher average cash on hand with higher available interest rates during the quarter. 
 
 Income tax expense 
 
 Income tax expense totaled 0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 6.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in income tax expense was related to a decrease in book income. The tax amounts for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were impacted by federal and state taxes. See Note 14 - Income Taxes to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

33 

Comparison of Results for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 (Amounts in thousands) Revenue from services 1,034,064 1,605,693 (571,629) (35.6) Direct operating expenses 821,804 1,245,772 (423,968) (34.0) Selling, general and administrative expenses 177,807 232,825 (55,018) (23.6) Credit loss expense 21,660 10,397 11,263 108.3 Depreciation and amortization 13,859 13,876 (17) (0.1) Restructuring costs 4,052 1,690 2,362 139.8 Legal and other losses 7,596 1,125 6,471 575.2 Impairment charges 718 719 (1) (0.1) (Loss) income from operations (13,432) 99,289 (112,721) (113.5) Interest expense 1,580 7,508 (5,928) (79.0) Loss on early extinguishment of debt 1,723 (1,723) (100.0) Interest income (1,515) (12) (1,503) NM Other (income) expense, net (1,013) 145 (1,158) NM (Loss) income before income taxes (12,484) 89,925 (102,409) (113.9) Income tax (benefit) expense (1,681) 26,332 (28,013) (106.4) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders (10,803) 63,593 (74,396) (117.0) 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 
 Revenue from services 
 
 Revenue from services decreased 35.6 to 1.0 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 1.6 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to expected volume and bill rate declines in the Nurse and Allied Staffing segment, partially offset by an increase in both volume and average bill rates in the Physician Staffing segment. See further discussion in Segment Results. 
 
 Direct operating expenses 
 
 Direct operating expenses decreased 424.0 million, or 34.0 , to 821.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 1.2 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of revenue decreases and the tightening of bill/pay spreads, in addition to an increase in certain insurances. As a percentage of total revenue, direct operating expenses increased to 79.5 , as compared to 77.6 in the prior year. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 23.6 to 177.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 232.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreases in compensation and benefit expense, as well as spend with third parties, through proactive cost management. As a percentage of total revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 17.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 14.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Credit loss expense 
 
 Credit loss expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 21.7 million , as compared to 10.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven by a bankruptcy filing by a single large customer. There is no significant impact on operations from this client as the majority of the business had been wound down in the prior year . As a percentage of revenue, credit loss expense was 2.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 0.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 34 

Depreciation and amortization expense 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 13.9 million. As a percentage of revenue, depreciation and amortization expense was 1.3 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 0.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Restructuring costs 
 
 Restructuring costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily comprised of employee termination costs, ongoing lease exit costs, and software license costs. Restructuring costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily comprised of employee termination costs, partially offset by an immaterial lease-related benefit. See Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Legal and other losses 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded legal and other losses of 7.6 million, which included the settlement of a class action lawsuit, as well as costs related to an unrecoverable asset. Legal and other losses totaled 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and related to the settlement of a wage and hour class action lawsuit and associated legal fees. 
 
 Impairment charges 
 
 Non-cash impairment charges for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to real estate restructuring activities. Non-cash impairment charges for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to the write-off of an IT project and real estate restructuring activities. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 Interest expense was 1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 7.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to lower average borrowings, partially offset by a higher effective interest rate. 
 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 
 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted of the write-off of debt issuance costs related to the repayment and termination of our term loan in the second quarter of 2023. There were no such charges for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Interest income 
 
 Interest income of 1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to higher average cash on hand with higher available interest rates during the year. 
 
 Other (income) expense, net 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other income consisted primarily of a 0.9 million decrease of the remaining earnout liability related to the Mint acquisition. See Note 4 - Acquisitions to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 
 Income tax benefit totaled 1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to expense of 26.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in income tax expense was related to a decrease in book income primarily driven by credit loss expense as discussed in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our condensed consolidated financial statements. The tax amounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were impacted by federal and state taxes. See Note 14 - Income Taxes to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

35 

Segment Results 
 
 Information on operating segments and a reconciliation to income (loss) from operations for the periods indicated are as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (amounts in thousands) Revenue from services: Nurse and Allied Staffing 264,853 396,595 888,490 1,474,273 Physician Staffing 50,266 45,696 145,574 131,420 315,119 442,291 1,034,064 1,605,693 Contribution income: Nurse and Allied Staffing 19,251 39,226 52,254 162,876 Physician Staffing 4,629 2,576 11,800 7,841 23,880 41,802 64,054 170,717 Corporate overhead 15,531 16,412 51,258 53,959 Depreciation and amortization 4,498 4,540 13,859 13,876 Restructuring costs 998 348 4,052 1,690 Legal and other losses 7,596 1,125 Impairment charges 186 718 719 Other costs 13 3 59 Income (loss) from operations 2,853 20,303 (13,432) 99,289 
 
 See Note 12 - Segment Data to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 36 

Certain statistical data for our business segments for the periods indicated are as follows: Three Months Ended September 30, September 30, Percent 2024 2023 Change Change Nurse and Allied Staffing statistical data: FTEs 7,660 9,849 (2,189) (22.2) Average Nurse and Allied Staffing revenue per FTE per day 373 434 (61) (14.1) Physician Staffing statistical data: Days filled 24,424 23,004 1,420 6.2 Revenue per day filled 2,058 1,986 72 3.6 Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, Percent 2024 2023 Change Change Nurse and Allied Staffing statistical data: FTEs 8,400 11,251 (2,851) (25.3) Average Nurse and Allied Staffing revenue per FTE per day 383 476 (93) (19.5) Physician Staffing statistical data: Days filled 72,461 68,927 3,534 5.1 Revenue per day filled 2,009 1,907 102 5.3 
 
 See definition of Business Measurements under the Operating Metrics section of the MD A. 
 
 Segment Comparison - Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Nurse and Allied Staffing 
 
 Revenue decreased 131.7 million, or 33.2 , to 264.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 396.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, driven primarily by a 22.2 decline in professionals on assignment and, to a lesser extent, a 14.6 decline in average bill rates. The decline in professionals on assignment is largely the result of lower demand, as many clients in the large acute-care space seek to reduce their spend on contingent labor following the pandemic. Also within the segment, Homecare Staffing experienced year-over-year revenue growth of 13.1 and sequential revenue growth of 4.0 in the third quarter of 2024, as that business continues to ramp new clients. 
 
 Contribution income decreased 19.9 million, or 50.9 , to 19.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 39.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. As a percentage of segment revenue, contribution income margin was 7.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 9.9 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The average number of FTEs on contract during the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 22.2 from the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to headcount decline in travel nurse and allied, per diem, and education. The average revenue per FTE per day decreased 14.1 . 
 
 Physician Staffing 
 
 Revenue increased 4.6 million, or 10.0 , to 50.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 45.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 6.2 increase in billable days, as well as the impact from higher rates and favorable specialty mix. 
 
 Contribution income was 4.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. As a percentage of segment revenue, contribution income was 9.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 5.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 37 

Total days filled for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 24,424, as compared with 23,004 in the prior year. Revenue per day filled was 2,058, as compared with 1,986 in the prior year, due to price increases. 

Corporate Overhead 
 
 Corporate overhead includes unallocated executive leadership and other centralized corporate functional support costs, such as finance, IT, legal, human resources, and marketing, as well as public company expenses and corporate-wide projects. Corporate overhead decreased to 15.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 16.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to de creases in compensation and benefit expense, and software and hardware expense. As a percentage of consolidated revenue, corporate overhead was 4.9 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 3.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Segment Comparison - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Nurse and Allied Staffing 
 
 Revenue decreased 585.8 million, or 39.7 , to 888.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 1.5 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven primarily by a 25.3 decline in professionals on assignment and, to a lesser extent, a 19.9 normalization in bill rates. 
 
 Contribution income decreased 110.6 million, or 67.9 , to 52.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 162.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Contribution income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included 19.4 million of credit loss expense driven by a bankruptcy filing by a single large customer recognized during the second quarter of 2024. As a percentage of segment revenue, contribution income margin was 5.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 11.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The average number of FTEs on contract during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 25.3 from the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to declines in the number of professionals on travel or per diem assignments. The average revenue per FTE per day decreased 19.5 , driven by both a decline in average bill rates, especially for travel assignments, as well as the impact from mix. 
 
 Physician Staffing 
 
 Revenue increased 14.2 million, or 10.8 , to 145.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 131.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 5.1 increase in billable days, as well as an increase in average rates, due to higher rates in certain specialties, as well as an improved mix of higher bill rate specialties. 
 
 Contribution income was 11.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 7.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As a percentage of segment revenue, contribution income was 8.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 6.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Total days filled for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 72,461, as compared with 68,927 in the prior year. Revenue per day filled was 2,009 as compared with 1,907 in the prior year, due to price increases. 
 
 Corporate Overhead 
 
 Corporate overhead decreased to 51.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 54.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to de creases in compensation and benefit expense, and professional fees, partially offset by increases in insurance and workers compensation. As a percentage of consolidated revenue, corporate overhead was 5.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 3.4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

38 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we reported 64.0 million in cash and cash equivalents, with no borrowings drawn under the ABL, and no off-balance sheet arrangements. Working capital decreased by 44.9 million to 215.9 million as of September 30, 2024, as compared to 260.8 million as of December 31, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in net receivables, partially offset by the timing of disbursements. As of September 30, 2024, our days sales outstanding, net of amounts owed to subcontractors, was 63 days, down 4 days year-ov er-year and up 7 days sequentially. 
 
 Operating cash flow constitutes our primary source of liquidity and, historically, has been sufficient to fund working capital, capital expenditures, internal business expansion, and debt service. This includes commitments, both short-term and long-term, of interest expense on our debt and operating lease commitments, and future principal payments on the ABL. We expect to meet our future cash needs from a combination of cash on hand, operating cash flows, and funds available through the ABL. See the debt discussion which follows. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased a total of 2,107,035 shares of common stock for 33.2 million, at an average price of 15.75 per share, under its 100.0 million Board-authorized stock repurchase program (Repurchase Program). As of September 30, 2024, there was 44.1 million remaining for share repurchase under the Repurchase Program, subject to certain conditions in the Loan Agreement (as defined below). 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 140.5 million to 95.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 236.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 6.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 10.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily for capital expenditures in both years, and a small acquisition in the prior year. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 42.8 million, as compared to 214.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used cash to pay 3.0 million for income taxes on share-based compensation, 33.2 million for share repurchases, and 6.6 million for contingent consideration. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we reported net repayments of 150.7 million on debt, and used cash to pay 4.9 million for income taxes on share-based compensation, 51.2 million for share repurchases, 7.5 million for contingent consideration, and an immaterial amount for other financing activities. 

Debt 
 
 2021 Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 
 On June 8, 2021, we entered into the Term Loan Credit Agreement (Term Loan Agreement), which provided for a six-year second lien subordinated term loan in the amount of 100.0 million (term loan). On November 18, 2021, we amended the Term Loan Agreement (Term Loan First Amendment), which provided the Company an incremental term loan in an aggregate amount equal to 75.0 million. On April 14, 2023, we amended the Term Loan Agreement (Term Loan Second Amendment), which provided the option for all or a portion of the borrowings to bear interest at a rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) or the Base Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement), at the election of the borrowers, plus an applicable margin. With respect to any SOFR loan, the rate per annum was equal to the Term SOFR (as defined in the Term Loan Second Amendment) for the interest period plus an adjustment of 10 basis points due to the credit spread associated with the transition to SOFR. 
 
 As more fully described in Note 8 - Debt to our condensed consolidated financial statements, on June 30, 2023, we repaid all outstanding obligations under the term loan, and terminated the Term Loan Agreement. As a result, debt issuance costs of 1.7 million were written off in the second quarter of 2023 and are included as loss on early extinguishment of debt in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). All subsidiary guarantees of the term loan were automatically released upon the termination of the Term Loan Agreement. 
 
 2019 Asset-Based Loan Agreement 
 
 Effective October 25, 2019, the prior senior credit facility entered into in August 2017 was replaced by a 120.0 million asset-based loan agreement (Loan Agreement), which provided for a five-year senior secured revolving credit facility. On June 30, 2020, we amended the Loan Agreement (First Amendment), which increased the current aggregate committed size of the ABL 
 39 

from 120.0 million to 130.0 million. All other terms, conditions, covenants, and pricing of the Loan Agreement remained the same. On March 8, 2021, we amended the Loan Agreement (Second Amendment), which increased the current aggregate committed size of the ABL from 130.0 million to 150.0 million, increased certain borrowing base sub-limits, and decreased both the cash dominion event and financial reporting triggers. On June 8, 2021, we amended the Loan Agreement (Third Amendment), which permitted the incurrence of indebtedness and grant of security as set forth in the Loan Agreement and in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, and provides mechanics relating to a transition away from LIBOR as a benchmark interest rate to a replacement alternative benchmark rate or mechanism for loans made in U.S. dollars. On November 18, 2021, we amended the Loan Agreement (Fourth Amendment), whereby the permitted indebtedness (as defined in the Loan Agreement) was increased to 175.0 million. On March 21, 2022, we amended the Loan Agreement (Fifth Amendment), which increased the current aggregate committed size of the ABL from 150.0 million to 300.0 million, extended the credit facility for an additional five years, increased certain borrowing base sub-limits, and provided the option for all or a portion of the borrowings to bear interest at a rate based on SOFR or Base Rate (as defined in the Loan Agreement), at the election of the borrowers, plus an applicable margin. On September 29, 2023, we amended the Loan Agreement (Sixth Amendment), which changed the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio from a maintenance covenant to a springing covenant based on excess availability. On July 29, 2024, we amended the Loan Agreement (Seventh Amendment), which allows for all share repurchases paid in cash prior to June 30, 2024 and thereafter to be excluded as restricted payments in the fixed charge coverage ratio calculation if there is no revolving ABL balance. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the interest rate spreads and fees under the ABL were based on SOFR plus 1.85 for the revolving portion of the borrowing base. The Base Rate margin would have been 0.75 for the revolving portion . The SOFR and Base Rate margins are subject to monthly adjustments, pursuant to a pricing matrix based on our excess availability under the revolving credit facility. In addition, the facility is subject to an unused line fee, letter of credit fees, and an administrative fee. Borrowing base availability under the ABL was 150.2 million as of September 30, 2024, with no borrowings drawn and 135.2 million of availability net of 15.0 million of letters of credit. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the excess availability did not fall below the stated threshold and, as a result, there was no covenant compliance period. 
 
 See Note 8 - Debt to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our critical accounting policies and estimates remain consistent with those reported in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 40 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are exposed to variable interest rate risk associated with our Loan Agreement entered into on October 25, 2019. This agreement charges interest at a rate based on either SOFR or Base Rate (as defined in the Loan Agreement) plus an applicable margin. Our Term Loan Agreement, entered into on June 8, 2021, was repaid and terminated on June 30, 2023. 
 
 A 1.0 change in interest rates would have resulted in interest expense fluctuating an immaterial a mount for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. See Note 8 - Debt to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Other Risks 
 
 There have been no material changes to our other exposures as disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. The disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports required under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, in order to allow timely decisions regarding any required disclosure. 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 41 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Information with respect to certain legal proceedings is included in Part I, Item 1, Note 13 - Contingencies - Legal Proceedings of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 There are no material changes to our Risk Factors as previously disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table sets forth the number of shares purchased, the average price paid per share, the total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced programs, and the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the programs during each month in the third fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. See Note 11 - Stockholders Equity contained in Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (a) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (b) (dollar value in thousands, except per share data) July 1 through July 31 201,061 14.81 201,061 52,993 August 1 through August 31 293,371 14.84 293,371 48,638 September 1 through September 30 322,447 14.18 322,447 44,066 Total 816,879 14.57 816,879 44,066 
 ________________ 
 (a) Shares were repurchased under the Repurchase Program. The Repurchase Program has no expiration date but may be terminated by the Board of Directors at any time. No shares were purchased other than through publicly announced programs during the periods shown. 
 (b) As of May 1, 2023, the Board of Directors has authorized an aggregate of 100.0 million in share repurchases under the Repurchase Program. Amounts shown in this column reflect amounts remaining under the Repurchase Program referenced in Note 11 - Stockholders Equity in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 42 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 (c) Trading Plans 
 
 Certain directors and officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) of the Company may execute purchases and sales of the Company's common stock through Rule 10b5-1 and non-Rule 10b5-1 equity trading plans. Pursuant to Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K, we are required to disclose whether any director or officer adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as that term is defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the most recently completed quarter. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, neither the Company nor any of its Section 16 officers or directors , modified, or any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Company's securities, under either a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (in each case, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 

43 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 No. Description 10.1 Amendment No. 7 to ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2024, by and among Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. and certain of its domestic subsidiaries as borrowers or guarantors, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent, and lender (Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K dated July 29, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein.) 
 31.1 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) and pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by John A. Martins, President, Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 31.2 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) and pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by William J. Burns, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by John A. Martins, President, Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by William J. Burns, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) # Represents a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement Filed herewith Furnished herewith 

44 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 
 CROSS COUNTRY HEALTHCARE, INC. Date: November 7, 2024 
 By: /s/ William J. Burns William J. Burns Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 45 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ccrn20240930-10qex31x1.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 Certification 
 I, John A. Martins, certify that 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s John A. Martins John A. Martins President & Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ccrn20240930-10qex31x2.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 Certification 
 
 I, William J. Burns, certify that 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s William J. Burns William J. Burns Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ccrn20240930-10qex32x1.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (the Company) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, (the Periodic Report ), I, John A. Martins, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s John A. Martins John A. Martins President & Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. and will be retained by Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is provided solely for purposes of complying with the provisions of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ccrn20240930-10qex32x2.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, (the Periodic Report ), I, William J. Burns, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s William J. Burns William J. Burns Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. and will be retained by Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is provided solely for purposes of complying with the provisions of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ccrn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ccrn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ccrn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ccrn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ccrn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

