<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1822993_0001822993-24-000037.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>32270444</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>354583</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3073921</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>16591095</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5629328</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5703723</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001822993-24-000037.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106162528
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001822993-24-000037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		148
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jackson Financial Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001822993
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				980486152
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40274
		FILM NUMBER:		241431431

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 CORPORATE WAY
		CITY:			LANSING
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48951
		BUSINESS PHONE:		517-381-5500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 CORPORATE WAY
		CITY:			LANSING
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48951

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001822993-24-000037.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 jxn-20240930.htm
 10-Q

jxn-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 1, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet s as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Income Statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1. Business and Basis of Presentation 
 8 
 Note 2. New Accounting Standards 
 10 
 Note 3. Segment Information 
 11 
 Note 4. Investments 
 17 
 Note 5. Derivative Instruments 
 33 
 Note 6. Fair Value Measurements 
 37 
 Note 7. Deferred Acquisition Costs 
 56 
 Note 8. Reinsurance 
 57 
 Note 9. Reserves for Future Policy Benefits and Claims Payable 
 61 
 Note 10. Other Contract Holder Funds 
 67 
 Note 11. Separate Account Assets and Liabilities 
 72 
 Note 12. Market Risk Benefits 
 73 
 Note 13. Long-Term Debt 
 76 
 Note 14. Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 
 77 
 Note 15. Income Taxes 
 77 
 Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies 
 78 
 Note 17. Operating Costs and Other Expenses 
 78 
 Note 18. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 79 
 Note 19. Equity 
 80 
 Note 20. Earnings Per Share 
 82 
 Note 21. Subsequent Events 
 83 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Forward-looking Statements - Cautionary Language 
 84 
 Available Information 
 85 
 Principal Definitions, Abbreviations and Acronyms Used in the Text and Notes of this Report 
 85 
 Overview of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 87 
 Executive Summary 
 87 
 Key Operating Measures 
 89 
 Macroeconomic, Industry, and Regulatory Trends 
 93 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 97 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 101 
 Segment Results of Operations 
 105 
 Investments 
 111 
 Policy and Contract Liabilities 
 117 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 119 
 Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 127 
 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 127 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 128 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 128 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 129 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 129 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 129 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 130 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 130 
 SIGNATURES 
 Signatures 
 131 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

 . 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in millions, except share data) 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Assets (Unaudited) Investments: Debt Securities, available-for-sale, net of allowance for credit losses of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (amortized cost: 2024 ; 2023 
 Debt Securities, at fair value under fair value option Debt Securities, trading, at fair value Equity securities, at fair value Mortgage loans, net of allowance for credit losses of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Mortgage loans, at fair value under fair value option Policy loans (including and at fair value under the fair value option at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Freestanding derivative instruments Other invested assets Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Accrued investment income Deferred acquisition costs Reinsurance recoverable, net of allowance for credit losses of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits, at fair value Market risk benefit assets, at fair value Deferred income taxes, net Other assets Separate account assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities Reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable Other contract holder funds Market risk benefit liabilities, at fair value Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (including and at fair value under the fair value option at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Long-term debt Repurchase agreements and securities lending payable Collateral payable for derivative instruments Freestanding derivative instruments Notes issued by consolidated variable interest entities, at fair value under fair value option (Note 4) Other liabilities Separate account liabilities Total liabilities Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees (Note 16) par value per share: shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; liquidation preference per share (See Note 19) 
 Common stock; shares authorized, par value per share and and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (See Note 19) 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost; and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax expense (benefit) of ) and ) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Retained earnings Total shareholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Jackson Financial Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Income Statements 
 (Unaudited, in millions, except per share data) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Fee income Premiums Net investment income: Net investment income excluding funds withheld assets Net investment income on funds withheld assets Total net investment income Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments: Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments ) ) ) Net gains (losses) on funds withheld reinsurance treaties ) ) ) Total net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments ) ) ) ) Other income Total revenues Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals (Gain) loss from updating future policy benefits cash flow assumptions, net ) ) Market risk benefits (gains) losses, net ) ) ) Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization Interest expense Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals Amortization of deferred acquisition costs Total benefits and expenses ) ) Pretax income (loss) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. ) Less: Dividends on preferred stock Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. common shareholders Earnings per share Basic ) Diluted ) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

c 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (Unaudited, in millions) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Change in unrealized gains (losses) on securities with no credit impairment, net of tax expense (benefit) of: and ), for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and ), for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 ) ) Change in unrealized gains (losses) on securities with credit impairment, net of tax expense (benefit) of: ) and ), for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) and ), for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 ) ) ) ) Change in current discount rate related to reserve for future policy benefits, net of tax expense (benefit) of ) and , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) and , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 ) ) Change in non-performance risk on market risk benefits, net of tax expense (benefit) of ) and ), for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) and ), for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Jackson Financial Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (Unaudited, in millions) 
 
 Accumulated Additional Treasury Other Total Non- Preferred Common Paid-In Stock Comprehensive Retained Shareholders' Controlling Total Stock Stock Capital at Cost Income Earnings Equity Interests Equity Balances as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Change in equity of noncontrolling interests . Dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Share based compensation Balances as of September 30, 2024 ) ) Accumulated Additional Treasury Other Total Non- Preferred Common Paid-In Stock Comprehensive Retained Shareholders' Controlling Total Stock Stock Capital at Cost Income Earnings Equity Interests Equity Balances as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Change in equity of noncontrolling interests . ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Share based compensation ) Balances as of September 30, 2023 ) ) Accumulated Additional Treasury Other Total Non- Preferred Common Paid-In Stock Comprehensive Retained Shareholders' Controlling Total Stock Stock Capital at Cost Income Earnings Equity Interests Equity Balances as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Change in equity of noncontrolling interests Dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Share based compensation ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 1 ) ) Accumulated Additional Treasury Other Total Non- Preferred Common Paid-In Stock Comprehensive Retained Shareholders' Controlling Total Stock Stock Capital at Cost Income Earnings Equity Interests Equity Balances as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Change in equity of noncontrolling interests Dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of preferred stock Share based compensation ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Jackson Financial Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited, in millions) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net realized losses (gains) on investments Net losses (gains) on derivatives Net losses (gains) on funds withheld reinsurance treaties Net (gain) loss on market risk benefits ) ) (Gain) loss from updating future policy benefits cash flow assumptions, net ) Interest credited on other contract holder funds, gross Mortality, expense and surrender charges ) ) Amortization of discount and premium on investments ) ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Share-based compensation Change in: Accrued investment income ) Deferred acquisition costs Funds withheld, net of reinsurance Future policy benefits ) ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Sales, maturities and repayments of: Debt securities Equity securities Mortgage loans Purchases of: Debt securities ) ) Equity securities ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) Settlements related to derivatives and collateral on investments ) ) Other investing activities ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) 

(continued) 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Jackson Financial Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (Unaudited, in millions) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from financing activities: Policyholders' account balances: Deposits Withdrawals ) ) Net transfers from (to) separate accounts Proceeds from (payments on) repurchase agreements and securities lending ) Net proceeds from (payments on) Federal Home Loan Bank notes ) Payments on debt ) ) Issuance of debt of consolidated investment entities Repayments of debt of consolidated investment entities ) Contributions from partners of consolidated investments Dividends on common stock ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Issuance of preferred stock Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow information Income taxes paid (received) ) Interest paid Non-cash investing activities Debt securities acquired from exchanges, payments-in-kind, and similar transactions Other invested assets acquired from stock splits and stock distributions Non-cash financing activities Non-cash dividend equivalents on stock-based awards ) ) Reconciliation to Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash (included in Other assets) Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

Jackson Financial Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 1. Business and Basis of Presentation 

All prior period amounts have been conformed to the current period presentation, unless otherwise indicated below. 
 
 With the establishment of Brooke Re in the first quarter of 2024, the Company s hedging program was enhanced to align hedging instruments more closely with market risk benefit reserves, which resulted in higher levels of interest rate hedging consistent with the economics of our business. In connection with this enhanced hedging approach, the Company reviewed its existing interest rate hedging instruments and determined that interest rate swaps that were historically used for duration management purposes should be recharacterized as supporting our hedging of variable annuity market risk benefits. Accordingly, effective January 1, 2024, the periodic settlements and change in settlement accruals on interest rate swaps are now classified as non-operating and excluded from pretax adjusted operating earnings. Prior period amounts have not been adjusted for this prospective recharacterization with respect to interest rate swaps. 
 
 Additionally, to better represent the underlying performance of our business, we have made certain reclassifications between financial statement line items within the Condensed Consolidated Income Statement and our non-GAAP financial measure of pretax adjusted operating earnings. These reclassifications, described below, had no impact on Net Income or Adjusted Operating Earnings. 
 
 Operating derivative income (loss) will no longer be shown as a separate line item within pretax adjusted operating earnings, as these amounts have been reclassified to net investment income. After recharacterizing the interest rate swaps described above, the only item remaining in operating derivatives was periodic settlements and change in settlement accruals on cross-currency swaps that are intended to hedge certain foreign denominated fixed maturity securities. This reclassification only applies to pretax adjusted operating earnings (non-GAAP). 
 9 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 1. Business and Basis of Presentation 

2. 
 
 10 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 2. New Accounting Standards 

3. 
 
 reportable segments: Retail Annuities, Institutional Products, and Closed Life and Annuity Blocks. The Company reports in Corporate and Other, certain activities and items that are not included in these reportable segments, including the results of PPM Holdings, Inc., the holding company of PPM, which manages the majority of the Company s general account investment portfolio. The reportable segments reflect how the Company s chief operating decision maker views and manages the business. The following is a brief description of the Company s reportable segments, plus its Corporate and Other segment. 
 
 Retail Annuities 
 
 The Company s Retail Annuities segment offers a variety of retirement income and savings products through its diverse suite of products, consisting primarily of variable annuities, registered index-linked annuities ("RILA"), fixed index annuities, fixed annuities, and payout annuities. These products are distributed through various wirehouses, insurance brokers and independent broker-dealers, as well as through banks and financial institutions. 
 
 The Company s variable annuities represent an attractive option for retirees and soon-to-be retirees, providing access to equity market appreciation and add-on benefits, including guaranteed lifetime income. A RILA offers customers access to market returns through market index-linked investment options, subject to a cap, and offers a variety of features designed to modify or limit losses. A fixed index annuity is designed for investors who desire principal protection with the opportunity to participate in capped upside investment returns linked to a reference market index. The Company also provides access to guaranteed lifetime income as an add-on benefit. A fixed annuity is a guaranteed product designed to build wealth without market exposure, through a crediting rate that is likely to be superior to interest rates offered by banks or money market funds. 
 
 The financial results of the variable annuity business within the Company s Retail Annuities segment are largely dependent on the performance of the contract holder account value, which impacts both the level of fees collected and the benefits paid to the contract holder. The financial results of the Company s fixed annuities, including the fixed option on variable annuities, RILA and fixed index annuities, are largely dependent on the Company s ability to earn a spread between earned investment rates on general account assets and the interest credited to contract holders. 
 
 Institutional Products 
 
 The Company s Institutional Products segment consists of traditional Guaranteed Investment Contracts ("GICs"), funding agreements (including agreements issued in conjunction with the Company s participation in the U.S. Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") program) and medium-term note funding agreements. The Company s GIC products are marketed to defined contribution pension and profit-sharing retirement plans. Funding agreements are marketed to institutional investors, including corporate cash accounts and securities lending funds, as well as money market funds, and are issued to the FHLB in connection with its program. 
 
 The financial results of the Company s institutional products business are primarily dependent on the Company s ability to earn a spread between earned investment rates on general account assets and the interest credited on GICs and funding agreements. 
 11 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 3. Segment Information 

12 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 3. Segment Information 

 Premiums Net investment income Other income (loss) ) Total Operating Revenues Operating Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals (Gain) loss from updating future policy benefits cash flow assumptions, net ) ) Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net 
 of deferrals and amortization 
 Interest expense Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals Amortization of deferred acquisition costs Total Operating Benefits and Expenses Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings ) 
 
 13 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 3. Segment Information 

 Premiums Net investment income Other income Total Operating Revenues Operating Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals (Gain) loss from updating future policy benefits cash flow assumptions, net ) Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization Interest expense Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals Amortization of deferred acquisition costs Total Operating Benefits and Expenses Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Retail Annuities Institutional Products Closed Life and Annuity Blocks Corporate and Other Total Consolidated Operating Revenues Fee income Premiums Net investment income Other income (loss) ) Total Operating Revenues Operating Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals (Gain) loss from updating future policy benefits cash flow assumptions, net ) ) Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net 
 of deferrals and amortization 
 Interest expense Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals Amortization of deferred acquisition costs Total Operating Benefits and Expenses Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings ) 
 
 14 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 3. Segment Information 

 Premiums Net investment income Other income Total Operating Revenues Operating Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals (Gain) loss from updating future policy benefits cash flow assumptions, net ) Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization Interest expense Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals Amortization of deferred acquisition costs Total Operating Benefits and Expenses Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings ) ) 
 
 Intersegment eliminations in the above tables are included in the Corporate and Other segment. These include the elimination of investment income, between Retail Annuities and the Corporate and Other segments, as well as the elimination from fee income and investment income of investment fees paid by Jackson Financial and its subsidiaries to PPM, which were million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 
 
 Fees attributed to guarantee benefit reserves Net gains (losses) on hedging instruments and investments ) ) ) ) Net investment income (loss) related to noncontrolling interests Consolidated investments ) ) Net investment income on funds withheld assets Total revenues (1) 

(1) Substantially all the Company's revenues originated in the U.S. There were no customers that, individually, generate revenues that exceeded 10 of total revenues. 
 
 15 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 3. Segment Information 

 Net (gain) loss on market risk benefits ) ) ) Benefits attributed to guaranteed benefit features Amortization of DAC related to non-operating revenues and expenses Total benefits and expenses ) ) 
 
 Pre-tax reconciling items from adjusted operating income to net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc.: Fees attributable to guarantee benefit reserves Net gains (losses) on hedging instruments ) ) ) Market risk benefits gains (losses), net ) Net reserve and embedded derivative movements ) ) ) Amortization of DAC associated with non-operating items at date of transition to LDTI ) ) ) ) Total Guaranteed benefits and net hedging results ) ) Net realized investment gains (losses) ) ) ) ) Net realized investment gains (losses) on funds withheld assets ) ) ) Net investment income on funds withheld assets Other items ) ) Pretax income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. ) Dividends on preferred stock Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. common shareholders ) 
 
 16 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

 4. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 AAA 
 AA 
 A 
 BBB 
 Investment grade 
 BB 
 B and below 
 Below investment grade 
 Total debt securities 

Below investment grade securities Not rated securities 
 
 Unrealized losses on debt securities that were below investment grade or not rated were approximately and of the aggregate gross unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 17 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

 Financial Services Largest unrealized loss related to a single corporate obligor 
 
 Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total debt securities Allowance Gross Gross Amortized for Unrealized Unrealized Fair December 31, 2023 Cost (1) 
 Credit Loss Gains Losses Value U.S. government securities Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total debt securities (1) Amortized cost, apart from the carrying value for securities carried at fair value under the fair value option and trading securities. 

18 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

 Due after 1 year through 5 years Due after 5 years through 10 years Due after 10 years through 20 years Due after 20 years Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total 
 (1) Amortized cost, apart from the carrying value for securities carried at fair value under the fair value option and trading securities. 
 
 As required by law in various states in which business is conducted, securities with a carrying value of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were on deposit with regulatory authorities. 
 
 Residential mortgage-backed securities RMBS include certain RMBS that are collateralized by residential mortgage loans and are neither expressly nor implicitly guaranteed by U.S. government agencies non-agency RMBS ). 
 
 Alt-A Subprime Total non-agency RMBS Allowance Gross Gross Amortized for Unrealized Unrealized Fair December 31, 2023 Cost (1) 
 Credit Loss Gains Losses Value Prime Alt-A Subprime Total non-agency RMBS (1) Amortized cost, apart from carrying value for securities carried at fair value under the fair value option and trading securities. 

The Company defines its exposure to non-agency RMBS as follows: 
 
 Prime loan-backed securities are collateralized by mortgage loans made to the highest rated borrowers. 
 Alt-A loan-backed securities are collateralized by mortgage loans made to borrowers who lack credit documentation or necessary requirements to obtain prime borrower rates. 
 Subprime loan-backed securities are collateralized by mortgage loans made to borrowers that have a FICO score of 660 or lower. 
 19 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total temporarily impaired securities 12 months or longer 12 months or longer Gross Fair Value Gross Fair Value Unrealized # of Unrealized # of Losses securities Losses securities U.S. government securities Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total temporarily impaired securities Total Total Gross Gross Unrealized Fair # of Unrealized Fair # of Losses Value securities (1) 
 Losses Value securities (1) 
 U.S. government securities Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities 
 Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total temporarily impaired securities 
 (1) Certain securities contain multiple lots and fit the criteria of both aging groups. 
 
 Debt securities in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024 did not require an impairment recognized in earnings as (i) the Company did not intend to sell these debt securities, (ii) it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis, and (iii) the difference in the fair value compared to the amortized cost was due to factors other than credit loss. Based upon this evaluation, the Company believes it has the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash from normal operations to meet cash requirements with a reasonable margin of safety without requiring the sale of impaired securities. 
 
 20 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

21 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

 are presented separate from the amortized cost basis of debt securities. Accrued interest receivables that are determined to be uncollectible are written off with a corresponding reduction to net investment income. Accrued interest of million and million was written off during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Additions for which credit loss was not previously recorded Changes for securities with previously recorded credit loss Additions for purchases of PCD debt securities (1) 
 Reductions from charge-offs ) ) Reductions for securities disposed ) ) Securities intended/required to be sold before recovery of amortized cost basis Balance at September 30, 2024 (2) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 US government securities Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total Balance at July 1, 2023 Additions for which credit loss was not previously recorded Changes for securities with previously recorded credit loss Additions for purchases of PCD debt securities (1) 
 Reductions from charge-offs Reductions for securities disposed ) ) Securities intended/required to be sold before recovery of amortized cost basis ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 (2) 
 
 22 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

Additions for which credit loss was not previously recorded Changes for securities with previously recorded credit loss Additions for purchases of PCD debt securities (1) 
 Reductions from charge-offs ) ) Reductions for securities disposed ) ) ) Securities intended/required to be sold before recovery of amortized cost basis Balance at September 30, 2024 (2) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 US government securities Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total Balance at January 1, 2023 Additions for which credit loss was not previously recorded Changes for securities with previously recorded credit loss Additions for purchases of PCD debt securities (1) 
 Reductions from charge-offs Reductions for securities disposed ) ) ) Securities intended/required to be sold before recovery of amortized cost basis ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 (2) 

(1) Represents purchased credit-deteriorated ("PCD") fixed maturity available-for-sale securities. 
 (2) Accrued interest receivable on debt securities totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was excluded from the determination of credit losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

23 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

 Equity securities ) ) Mortgage loans Policy loans Limited partnerships Other investment income Total investment income excluding funds withheld assets Investment expenses (2)(3) 
 ) ) ) ) Net investment income excluding funds withheld assets Net investment income on funds withheld assets (see Note 8) Net investment income 
 (1) Includes changes in fair value gains (losses) on trading securities and includes ) million and ) million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to the change in fair value for securities carried under the fair value option. 
 (2) In the first quarter of 2024, interest costs principally associated with repurchase agreements and cash collateral were reclassified from interest expense to net investment income. All prior period amounts have been conformed to current period presentation. 
 (3) Includes expenses from consolidated variable interest entities, which includes changes in fair value of notes issued by those entities, of ) million and ) million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and ) million and ) million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Unrealized gains (losses) included in investment income that were recognized on equity securities held were million and ) million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and million and ) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Net Gains (Losses) on Derivatives and Investments 
 
 Realized losses on sale ) ) ) ) Credit loss income (expense) ) ) ) ) Credit loss income (expense) on mortgage loans ) ) Other (1) 
 ) Net gains (losses) excluding derivatives and funds withheld assets ) ) ) ) Net gains (losses) on derivative instruments (see Note 5) ) ) ) Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments ) ) ) Net gains (losses) on funds withheld reinsurance treaties (see Note 8) ) ) ) Total net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments ) ) ) ) (1) Includes the foreign currency gain or loss related to foreign denominated trust instruments supporting funding agreements. 
 
 24 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

 million and million, which was approximately and of book value, respectively. The aggregate fair value of securities sold at a loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, which was approximately and of book value, respectively. 
 
 Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale debt securities were billion and billion during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and billion and billion during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Consolidated Variable Interest Entities ("VIEs") 
 
 The Company concluded that the following entities are VIEs and that the Company is the primary beneficiary as it has both the power to direct the most significant activities of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. In each case, the Company s exposure to loss is limited to the capital invested plus, in the cases of the limited liability companies ("LLCs") and the Private Equity Funds, unfunded capital commitments. Creditors of the consolidated VIEs do not have recourse to the general credit of the Company. 
 
 The Company funds affiliated LLCs to facilitate the issuance of collateralized loan obligations ("CLOs"). The Company's policy is to record the consolidation of VIEs on a one-month lag due to the timing of when information is available from the VIE. In December 2023, a consolidated CLO expanded its issuance by million, net of the Company s holding, which was not reflected in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2023 due to the reporting lag. 
 
 Private Equity Funds III VIII are limited partnership structures that invest the ownership capital in portfolios of various other limited partnership structures. Private Equity Fund IX was created in the third quarter of 2024, but is not expected to be funded by the Company until 2025. The Company sold all of its investment in Private Equity Funds III - VI and the majority of its investment in Private Equity Fund VII during the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company recorded a loss of million on the sale, which it recognized in Net Investment Income for the year ended December 31, 2023. Those entities were deconsolidated as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 PPM has created and managed institutional share class mutual funds, where Jackson seeds new funds, or new share classes within a fund, when deemed necessary to develop the requisite track record prior to allowing investment by external parties. Jackson may sell its interest in a fund once opened to investment by external parties. 
 
 25 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

 Debt securities, trading Equity securities Other invested assets Cash and cash equivalents Other assets Total assets Liabilities Notes issued by consolidated VIEs, at fair value under fair value option Other liabilities Total other liabilities Securities lending payable Total liabilities Equity Noncontrolling interests 
 
 Unconsolidated VIEs 
 
 The Company has concluded the following entities are VIEs but does not consolidate them. Based on analysis of the limited partnerships ("LPs"), LLCs and the mutual funds, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE because the Company lacks the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's performance or lacks the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the entities, or both. 
 
 The Company invests in certain LPs and LLCs. The carrying amounts of the Company s investments in these LPs and LLCs are recognized in other invested assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Unfunded capital commitments for these investments are detailed in Note 16 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company s exposure to loss is limited to the capital invested and unfunded capital commitments related to the LPs/LLCs, which was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The capital invested in an LP or LLC equals the original capital contributed, increased for additional capital contributed after the initial investment, and reduced for any returns of capital from the LP or LLC. LPs and LLCs are carried at fair value. 
 
 The Company invests in certain mutual funds. Mutual funds are recognized in equity securities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company s maximum exposure to loss on these mutual funds is limited to the amortized cost for these investments. 
 
 The Company makes investments in structured debt securities issued by VIEs for which it is not the manager. These structured debt securities include RMBS, Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities ("CMBS"), and asset-backed securities ("ABS"). The Company does not consolidate the securitization trusts utilized in these transactions because it does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of these securitization trusts. The Company does not consider its continuing involvement with these VIEs to be significant because it either invests in securities issued by the VIE and was not involved in the design of the VIE or no transfers have occurred between the Company and the VIE. The Company s maximum exposure to loss on these structured debt securities is limited to the amortized cost of these investments. The Company does not have any further contractual obligations to the VIE. The Company recognizes the variable interest in these VIEs at fair value on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 26 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

 Accrued interest receivable on commercial mortgage loans Residential mortgage loans (2) 
 Accrued interest receivable on residential mortgage loans 
 (1) Net of an allowance for credit losses of million and million at each date, respectively. 
 million and million at each date, respectively. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, commercial mortgage loans were collateralized by properties located in states, the District of Columbia, and Europe, while residential mortgage loans were collateralized by properties located in states, the District of Columbia, Mexico, and Europe. 
 
 Evaluation for Credit Losses on Mortgage Loans 
 
 The Company reviews mortgage loans that are not carried at fair value under the fair value option on a quarterly basis to estimate the ACL with changes in the ACL recorded in net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments. Apart from an ACL recorded on individual mortgage loans where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, the Company records an ACL on the pool of mortgage loans based on lifetime expected credit losses. The Company utilizes a third-party forecasting model to estimate lifetime expected credit losses at a loan level for mortgage loans. The model forecasts net operating income and property values for the economic scenario selected. The debt service coverage ratios DSCR and loan to values LTV are calculated over the forecastable period by comparing the projected net operating income and property valuations to the loan payment and principal amounts of each loan. The model utilizes historical mortgage loan performance based on DSCRs and LTV to derive probability of default and expected losses based on the economic scenario that is similar to the Company s expectations of economic factors such as unemployment, gross domestic product growth, and interest rates. The Company determined the forecastable period to be reasonable and supportable for a period of two years beyond the end of the reporting period. Over the following one-year period, the model reverts to the historical performance of the portfolio for the remainder of the contractual term of the loans. In cases where the Company does not have an appropriate length of historical performance, the relevant historical rate from an index or the lifetime expected credit loss calculated from the model may be used. 
 
 Unfunded commitments are included in the model and an ACL is determined accordingly. Credit loss estimates are pooled by property type and the Company does not include accrued interest in the determination of ACL. 
 
 For individual loans or for types of loans for which the third-party model is deemed not suitable, the Company utilizes relevant current market data, industry data, and publicly available historical loss rates to calculate an estimate of the lifetime expected credit loss. 
 
 Mortgage loans on real estate deemed uncollectible are charged against the ACL, and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the ACL, limited to the aggregate of amounts previously charged-off and expected to be charged-off. Mortgage loans on real estate are presented net of the ACL on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 27 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

 Charge offs, net of recoveries ) ) Additions from purchase of PCD mortgage loans Provision (release) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 (1) (2) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Apartment Hotel Office Retail Warehouse Other Residential Mortgage Total Balance at July 1, 2023 Charge offs, net of recoveries Additions from purchase of PCD mortgage loans Provision (release) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 (1) (2) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Apartment Hotel Office Retail Warehouse Other Residential Mortgage Total Balance at January 1, 2024 Charge offs, net of recoveries ) ) Additions from purchase of PCD mortgage loans Provision (release) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 (1) (2) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Apartment Hotel Office Retail Warehouse Other Residential Mortgage Total Balance at January 1, 2023 Charge offs, net of recoveries Additions from purchase of PCD mortgage loans Provision (release) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 (1) (2) 
 
 (1) Accrued interest receivable totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was excluded from the determination of credit losses. 
 (2) Accrued interest amounting to million and million was written off as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, relating to loans that were greater than 90 days delinquent or in the process of foreclosure. 
 
 The Company s mortgage loans that are current and in good standing are accruing interest. Interest is not accrued on loans greater than 90 days delinquent and in process of foreclosure, when deemed uncollectible. Delinquency status is determined from the date of the first missed contractual payment. 
 Unpaid principal balance Related loan allowance Average recorded investment Investment income recognized 
 
 28 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

 70 - 80 80 - 100 Greater than 100 Total commercial mortgage loans Debt service coverage ratios: Greater than 1.20x 1.00x - 1.20x Less than 1.00x Total commercial mortgage loans Residential mortgage loans Performing Nonperforming Total residential mortgage loans Total mortgage loans 
 
 December 31, 2023 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving Loans Total of Total Commercial mortgage loans Loan to value ratios: Less than 70 70 - 80 80 - 100 Greater than 100 Total commercial mortgage loans Debt service coverage ratios: Greater than 1.20x 1.00x - 1.20x Less than 1.00x Total commercial mortgage loans Residential mortgage loans Performing Nonperforming Total residential mortgage loans Total mortgage loans 
 
 29 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

 Hotel Office Retail Warehouse Other Total commercial Residential (2) 
 Total 
 
 December 31, 2023 In Good Standing (1) 
 Restructured Greater than 90 Days Delinquent In the Process of Foreclosure Total Carrying Value Apartment Hotel Office Retail Warehouse Other Total commercial Residential (2) 
 Total 
 (1) At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, includes mezzanine and bridge loans in good standing of million and million in the Apartment category, million and million in the Hotel category, million and million in the Office category, million and million in the Retail category, million and million in the Warehouse category, and million and million in the Other category, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, includes restructured mezzanine and bridge loans of million and in the Office category. 
 (2) At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, includes million and million of loans purchased when the loans were greater than 90 days delinquent and million and million of loans in process of foreclosure, all of which are loans supported with insurance or other guarantees provided by various governmental programs, respectively. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial mortgage loans 
 
 Term Extension Amortized Cost Basis Percent of Total Class Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commercial mortgage loans Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial mortgage loans 
 30 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

The Company closely monitors the performance of the loans that are modified to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty to understand the effectiveness of its modification efforts. 
 
 September 30, 2023 Commercial mortgage loans 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, stressed mortgage loans for which the Company is dependent, or expects to be dependent, on the underlying property to satisfy repayment were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Policy Loans 
 
 Policy loans are loans the Company issues to contract holders that use the cash surrender value of their life insurance policy or annuity contract as collateral. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, billion and billion of these loans were carried at fair value, which the Company believes is equal to unpaid principal balances, plus accrued investment income. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had billion and billion, respectively, of policy loans not held as collateral for reinsurance, which were carried at the unpaid principal balances. 
 
 Other Invested Assets 
 
 Other invested assets primarily include investments in Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis ("FHLBI") capital stock, limited partnerships LPs ), and real estate. FHLBI capital stock is carried at cost and adjusted for any impairment. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, FHLB capital stock had a carrying value of million and million, respectively. Real estate is carried at the lower of depreciated cost or fair value and real estate occupied by the Company is carried at depreciated cost. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, real estate totaling million and million, respectively, included foreclosed properties with a book value of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Carrying values for LP investments are generally determined by using the proportion of the Company s investment in each fund (Net Asset Value NAV equivalent) as a practical expedient for fair value, and generally are recorded on a three-month lag, with changes in value included in net investment income. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, investments in LPs had carrying values of billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 31 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 4. Investments 

 million and million, respectively. The agreements require a minimum of of the fair value of the loaned securities to be held as collateral, calculated daily. To further minimize the credit risks related to these programs, the financial condition of counterparties is monitored on a regular basis. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, cash collateral received in the amount of million and million, respectively, was invested by the agent banks and included in cash and cash equivalents of the Company. A securities lending payable for the overnight and continuous loans is included in liabilities in the amount of cash collateral received. Securities lending transactions are used to generate income. Income and expenses associated with these transactions are reported as net investment income. 
 
 Repurchase Agreements 
 
 The Company routinely enters into repurchase agreements whereby the Company agrees to sell and repurchase securities. These agreements are accounted for as financing transactions, with the assets and associated liabilities included in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding repurchase agreement balance was million and , respectively, collateralized with U.S. Treasury securities and corporate securities, of which million and , respectively, was maturing within 30 days, and was included within repurchase agreements and securities lending payable in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 In the event of a decline in the fair value of the pledged collateral under these agreements, the Company may be required to transfer cash or additional securities as pledged collateral. Interest expense totaled million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and is included within net investment income. 
 
 Collateral Upgrade Transactions 
 
 During the first quarter of 2024, Jackson executed certain paired repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions collateral upgrade transactions) totaling billion pursuant to master repurchase agreements with participating bank counterparties. Under these collateral upgrade transactions, the Company lends securities (e.g., corporate debt securities or other securities agreed upon between the parties) to bank counterparties in exchange for U.S. Treasury securities that the Company then uses to provide as collateral. The paired repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions are settled on a net basis in accordance with master repurchase agreements. As a result, there was no cash exchanged at initiation of these agreements. The paired transactions are reported net within the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. These transactions do not have a stated maturity and require at least -days' notice prior to termination. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the U.S. treasuries received was billion and , respectively, collateralized with corporate securities with a fair value of billion and , respectively. Subsequently, the Company provided these U.S. Treasury securities as collateral for derivative trades, and they are included as part of the derivative collateral disclosures. 
 
 In the event of a decline in the fair value of the pledged collateral under these agreements, the Company may be required to transfer cash or additional securities as pledged collateral. Gross interest income of million and and gross interest expense of million and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and gross interest income of million and and gross interest expense of million and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are included within net investment income. 
 
 32 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 5. Derivative Instruments 

 5. 
 
 Equity index call options Equity index futures (2) 
 Equity index put options Interest rate swaps ) Put-swaptions ) Interest rate futures (2) 
 Total return swaps ) Total freestanding derivatives ) Embedded derivatives Fixed index annuity embedded derivatives (3) 
 N/A ) Registered index linked annuity embedded derivatives (3) 
 N/A ) Total embedded derivatives N/A ) Derivatives related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties Cross-currency swaps Cross-currency forwards ) Funds withheld embedded derivative (4) 
 N/A Total derivatives related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties Total ) 
 
 (1) The notional amount for swaps and swaptions represents the stated principal balance used as a basis for calculating payments. The contractual amount for futures and options represents the market exposure of open positions. 
 (2) Variation margin is considered settlement resulting in the netting of cash received/paid for variation margin against the fair value of the trades. 
 (3) Included within other contract holder funds on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The non-performance risk adjustment is included in the balance above. 
 (4) Included within funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

33 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 5. Derivative Instruments 

 Equity index futures (2) 
 Equity index put options Interest rate swaps ) Put-swaptions ) Interest rate futures (2) 
 Total return swaps ) Total freestanding derivatives ) Embedded derivatives Fixed index annuity embedded derivatives (3) 
 N/A ) Registered index linked annuity embedded derivatives (3) 
 N/A ) Total embedded derivatives N/A ) Derivatives related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties Cross-currency swaps Cross-currency forwards Funds withheld embedded derivative (4) 
 N/A Total derivatives related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties Total ) 
 (1) The notional amount for swaps and swaptions represents the stated principal balance used as a basis for calculating payments. The contractual amount for futures and options represents the market exposure of open positions. 
 (2) Variation margin is considered settlement resulting in the netting of cash received/paid for variation margin against the fair value of the trades. 
 (3) Included within other contract holder funds on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The non-performance risk adjustment is included in the balance above. 
 (4) Included within funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

34 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 5. Derivative Instruments 

 ) ) ) Equity index call options ) ) Equity index futures ) ) ) ) Equity index put options ) ) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) ) Interest rate swaps - cleared ) Put-swaptions ) ) ) Interest rate futures ) Total return swaps ) ) ) Fixed index annuity embedded derivatives ) ) ) Registered index linked annuity embedded derivatives ) ) ) Total net gains (losses) on derivative instruments excluding derivative instruments related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties ) ) ) Derivatives related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties Cross-currency swaps ) Cross-currency forwards ) ) ) ) Funds withheld embedded derivative ) ) Total net gains (losses) on derivative instruments related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties ) ) Total net gains (losses) on derivative instruments including derivative instruments related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties ) ) ) 
 
 All the Company s trade agreements for freestanding, over-the-counter derivatives contain credit downgrade provisions that allow a party to assign or terminate derivative transactions if the counterparty s credit rating declines below an established limit. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Company s net non-cleared, over-the-counter derivative assets by counterparty were million and million, respectively, and held collateral was million and million, respectively, related to these agreements. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Company s net non-cleared, over-the-counter derivative liabilities by counterparty were million and million, respectively, and provided collateral was million and million, respectively, related to these agreements. If all the downgrade provisions had been triggered at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, in aggregate, the Company would have had to disburse and million, respectively, and would have been allowed to claim million and , respectively. 
 
 The Company pledged collateral of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, for initial margin related to uncleared margin for over-the-counter derivatives and exchange-traded futures. Variation margin on exchange traded futures is settled through the netting of cash paid/received for variation margin against the fair value of the trades. 
 
 Offsetting Assets and Liabilities 
 
 The Company s derivative instruments, repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements are subject to master netting arrangements and collateral arrangements. A master netting arrangement with a counterparty creates a right of offset for amounts due to and due from that same counterparty that is enforceable in the event of a default or bankruptcy. The Company recognizes amounts subject to master netting arrangements on a gross basis within the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 35 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 5. Derivative Instruments 

 Financial Liabilities: Freestanding derivative liabilities Securities loaned Repurchase agreements Repurchase agreements - collateral upgrade ) Total financial liabilities ) 
 (1) Represents the amount that could be offset under master netting or similar arrangements that management elects not to offset on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Excludes initial margin amounts for exchange-traded derivatives. 
 
 December 31, 2023 Gross Amounts Recognized Gross Amounts Offset in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Amounts Presented in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial 
 Instruments (1) 
 Cash Collateral Securities 
 Collateral (2) 
 Net Amount Financial Assets: Freestanding derivative assets Financial Liabilities: Freestanding derivative liabilities Securities loaned Repurchase agreements Total financial liabilities 
 (1) Represents the amount that could be offset under master netting or similar arrangements that management elects not to offset on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Excludes initial margin amounts for exchange-traded derivatives. 

million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, as these derivatives are not subject to master netting arrangements. The above tables also exclude the funds withheld embedded derivative asset (liability) of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 36 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 6. 
 
 Equity securities Mortgage loans (1) 
 Limited partnerships Policy loans (1) 
 Freestanding derivative instruments FHLBI capital stock Cash and cash equivalents Reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits Market risk benefit assets Separate account assets Liabilities Annuity reserves (2) 
 Market risk benefit liabilities Reserves for guaranteed investment contracts (3) 
 Trust instruments supported by funding agreements (3) 
 FHLB funding agreements (3) 
 Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (1) 
 Long-term debt Securities lending payable Freestanding derivative instruments Notes issued by consolidated VIEs Repurchase agreements FHLB advances Separate account liabilities (1) Includes items carried at fair value under the fair value option and trading securities included as a component of debt securities. 
 (2) Annuity reserves represent only the components of other contract holder funds and reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable that are considered to be financial instruments. 
 (3) Included as a component of other contract holder funds on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The following is a discussion of the methodologies used to determine fair values of the financial instruments measured on a recurring basis reported in the following tables. 
 
 Debt and Equity Securities 
 
 The fair values for debt and equity securities are determined using information available from independent pricing services, broker-dealer quotes, or internally derived estimates. Priority is given to publicly available prices from independent sources, when available. Securities for which the independent pricing service does not provide a quotation are either submitted to independent broker-dealers for prices or priced internally. Typical inputs used by these three pricing methods include reported trades, benchmark yields, credit spreads, liquidity premiums and/or estimated cash flows based on default and prepayment assumptions. 
 
 37 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

38 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

39 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

40 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

41 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These debt securities are reflected on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as debt securities, at fair value under the fair value option. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company began purchasing certain debt securities for purposes of mitigating components of the Company s exposure to changes in the value of certain market risk benefits. The Company elected the fair value option on these debt securities, with changes in fair value reflected in net income, to align with the corresponding changes in the value of the market risk benefits recognized through net income. These debt securities totaling million and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are presented as debt securities, at fair value under the fair value option in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company has elected the fair value option for certain funds withheld assets, which are held as collateral for reinsurance, totaling million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, as discussed above, and includes mortgage loans as discussed below. 
 
 The Company elected the fair value option for certain mortgage loans held under the funds withheld reinsurance agreement with Athene. The fair value option was elected for these mortgage loans, purchased or funded after December 31, 2021, to mitigate inconsistency in earnings that would otherwise result between these mortgage loan assets and the funds withheld liability, including the associated embedded derivative, and are valued using third-party pricing services. Changes in fair value are reflected in net investment income on the Condensed Consolidated Income Statements. 
 
 Aggregate contractual principal 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, no loans in good standing for which the fair value option was elected were in non-accrual status, and no loans were more than 90 days past due and still accruing interest. 
 
 The Company elected the fair value option for notes issued by consolidated VIEs totaling million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Income and changes in unrealized gains and losses on other assets for which the Company has elected the fair value option are immaterial to the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 42 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Equity securities Mortgage loans Limited partnerships (1) 
 Policy loans Freestanding derivative instruments Cash and cash equivalents Reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits Market risk benefit assets Separate account assets Total Liabilities Embedded derivative liabilities (2) 
 Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (3) 
 Freestanding derivative instruments Notes issued by consolidated VIEs Market risk benefit liabilities Total 
 (1) Excludes million of limited partnership investments measured at NAV. 
 (2) Includes the embedded derivative liabilities of million related to RILA and million liability of fixed index annuities, both included in other contract holder funds on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) Includes the Athene embedded derivative asset of million and funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties at fair value under the fair value option. 

43 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Equity securities Mortgage loans Limited partnerships (1) 
 Policy loans Freestanding derivative instruments Cash and cash equivalents Reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits Market risk benefit assets Separate account assets Total Liabilities Embedded derivative liabilities (2) 
 Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (3) 
 Freestanding derivative instruments Notes issued by consolidated VIEs Market risk benefit liabilities Total 
 (1) Excludes million of limited partnership investments measured at NAV. 
 (2) Includes the embedded derivative liabilities of million related to RILA and million of fixed index annuities, both included in other contract holder funds on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) Includes the Athene embedded derivative asset of million and funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties at fair value under the fair value option. 

44 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Public utilities 
 
 Corporate 
 
 Other asset-backed securities 
 Equity securities 
 
 Mortgage loans Limited partnerships 
 
 Policy loans 
 Reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits Market risk benefit assets Total 
 
 Liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (1) 
 Market risk benefit liabilities Total 
 
 (1) Includes the Athene Embedded Derivative asset of million and funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties at fair value under the fair value option. 
 December 31, 2023 Assets Total Internal External Debt securities: 
 
 Other government securities Public utilities Corporate 
 
 Other asset-backed securities 
 
 Equity securities 
 
 Mortgage loans 
 
 Limited partnerships 
 
 Policy loans 
 Reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits Market risk benefit assets Total 
 
 Liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (1) 
 Market risk benefit liabilities Total 
 
 (1) Includes the Athene Embedded Derivative asset of million and funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties at fair value under the fair value option. 
 
 External pricing sources for securities represent unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes where pricing inputs are not readily available. 

45 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Discounted cash flow Mortality (1) 
 - 
 Increase Lapse (2) 
 - 
 Increase Utilization (3) 
 - 
 Decrease Withdrawal (4) 
 - 
 Decrease Non-performance risk adjustment (5) 
 - 
 Increase Long-term Equity Volatility (6) 
 
 Decrease 
 Market risk benefit assets Discounted cash flow Mortality (1) 
 - 
 Increase Lapse (2) 
 - 
 Increase Utilization (3) 
 - 
 Decrease Withdrawal (4) 
 - 
 Decrease Non-performance risk adjustment (5) 
 - 
 Increase Long-term Equity Volatility (6) 
 
 Decrease Liabilities Market risk benefit liabilities Discounted cash flow Mortality (1) 
 - 
 Decrease Lapse (2) 
 - 
 Decrease Utilization (3) 
 - 
 Increase Withdrawal (4) 
 - 
 Increase Non-performance risk adjustment (5) 
 - 
 Decrease Long-term Equity Volatility (6) 
 
 Increase 
 (1) Mortality rates vary by attained age, tax qualification status, guaranteed benefit election, and duration. The range displayed reflects ages from the minimum issue age for the benefit through age 95, which corresponds to the typical maturity age. A mortality improvement assumption is also applied. 
 (2) Base lapse rates vary by contract-level factors, such as product type, surrender charge schedule and optional benefits election. Lapse rates are further adjusted based on the degree to which a guaranteed benefit is in-the-money, with lower lapse applying when benefits are more in-the-money. Lapse rates are also adjusted to reflect lower lapse expectations when guaranteed benefits are utilized. 
 (3) The utilization rate represents the expected percentage of contracts that will utilize the benefit through annuitization (GMIB) or commencement of withdrawals (GMWB). Utilization may vary by benefit type, attained age, duration, tax qualification status, benefit provision, and degree to which the guaranteed benefit is in-the-money. 
 (4) The withdrawal rate represents the percentage of annual withdrawal assumed relative to the maximum allowable withdrawal amount under the free partial withdrawal provision or the GMWB, as applicable. Free partial withdrawal rates vary based on the product type and duration. Withdrawal rates on contracts with a GMWB vary based on attained age, tax qualification status, GMWB type and GMWB benefit provisions. 
 (5) Non-performance risk adjustment is applied as a spread over the risk-free rate to determine the rate used to discount the related cash flows and varies by projection year. 
 (6) Long-term equity volatility represents the equity volatility beyond the period for which observable equity volatilities are available. 
 
 46 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Discounted cash flow Mortality (1) 
 - 
 Increase Lapse (2) 
 - 
 Increase Utilization (3) 
 - 
 Decrease Withdrawal (4) 
 - 
 Decrease Non-performance risk adjustment (5) 
 - 
 Increase Long-term Equity Volatility (6) 
 
 Decrease Market risk benefit assets Discounted cash flow Mortality (1) 
 - 
 Increase Lapse (2) 
 - 
 Increase Utilization (3) 
 - 
 Decrease Withdrawal (4) 
 - 
 Decrease Non-performance risk adjustment (5) 
 - 
 Increase Long-term Equity Volatility (6) 
 
 Decrease Liabilities Market risk benefit liabilities Discounted cash flow Mortality (1) 
 - 
 Decrease Lapse (2) 
 - 
 Decrease Utilization (3) 
 - 
 Increase Withdrawal (4) 
 - 
 Increase Non-performance risk adjustment (5) 
 - 
 Decrease Long-term Equity Volatility (6) 
 
 Increase 
 (1) Mortality rates vary by attained age, tax qualification status, guaranteed benefit election, and duration. The range displayed reflects ages from the minimum issue age for the benefit through age 95, which corresponds to the typical maturity age. A mortality improvement assumption is also applied. 
 (2) Base lapse rates vary by contract-level factors, such as product type, surrender charge schedule and optional benefits election. Lapse rates are further adjusted based on the degree to which a guaranteed benefit is in-the-money, with lower lapse applying when benefits are more in-the-money. Lapse rates are also adjusted to reflect lower lapse expectations when guaranteed benefits are utilized. 
 (3) The utilization rate represents the expected percentage of contracts that will utilize the benefit through annuitization (GMIB) or commencement of withdrawals (GMWB). Utilization may vary by benefit type, attained age, duration, tax qualification status, benefit provision, and degree to which the guaranteed benefit is in-the-money. 
 (4) The withdrawal rate represents the percentage of annual withdrawal assumed relative to the maximum allowable withdrawal amount under the free partial withdrawal provision or the GMWB, as applicable. Free partial withdrawal rates vary based on the product type and duration. Withdrawal rates on contracts with a GMWB vary based on attained age, tax qualification status, GMWB type and GMWB benefit provisions. 
 (5) Non-performance risk adjustment is applied as a spread over the risk-free rate to determine the rate used to discount the related cash flows and varies by projection year. 

47 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 million and million, respectively, are fair valued using techniques incorporating unobservable inputs and are classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. For these assets, their unobservable inputs and ranges of possible inputs do not materially affect their fair valuations and have been excluded from the quantitative information in the tables above. 
 
 Policy loans that support funds withheld reinsurance agreements that are held at fair value under the fair value option on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets are excluded from the tables above. These policy loans do not have a stated maturity and the balances, plus accrued investment income, are repaid either by the policyholder or with proceeds from the policy. Due to the collateralized nature of policy loans and unpredictable timing of payments, the Company believes the carrying value of policy loans, which includes accrued investment income, approximates fair value and is classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The fair value of funds withheld payable under the Reassure America Life Insurance Company ("REALIC") reinsurance treaties is determined based upon the fair value of the funds withheld investments held by the Company and is excluded from the tables above. 
 
 The funds withheld payable under the Athene reinsurance treaty includes the Athene embedded derivative which is measured at fair value. The valuation of the embedded derivative utilizes a total return swap technique that incorporates the fair value of the invested assets supporting the reinsurance agreement as a component of the valuation. As a result, these valuations for the funds withheld payable under the REALIC reinsurance treaties and the Athene embedded derivative require certain significant inputs that are generally not observable and, accordingly, the valuation is considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The GMIB reinsurance recoverable fair value calculation is based on the present value of future cash flows comprised of future expected reinsurance benefit receipts, less future attributed premium payments to reinsurers, over the lives of the contracts. Estimating these cash flows requires actuarially determined assumptions related to expectations concerning policyholder behavior and long-term market volatility. The more significant policyholder behavior actuarial assumptions include benefit utilization, fund allocation, lapse, and mortality. 
 
 The MRB asset and liability fair value calculation is based on the present value of future cash flows comprised of future expected benefit payments, less future attributed fees (if applicable), over the lives of the contracts. Estimating these cash flows requires numerous estimates and subjective judgments related to capital market inputs, as well as actuarially determined assumptions related to expectations concerning policyholder behavior. The more significant actuarial assumptions include benefit utilization by policyholders, lapse, mortality, and withdrawal rates. Best estimate assumptions plus risk margins are used as applicable. 

48 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Public utilities ) Corporate securities Other asset-backed securities ) ) ) Equity securities Mortgage loans ) Limited partnerships Policy loans ) Reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits Market risk benefit assets ) Liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties ) ) ) Market risk benefit liabilities ) ) ) ) 
 Total Realized/Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in Purchases, Fair Value Sales, Transfers Fair Value as of Net Other Issuances in and/or as of July 1, Income Comprehensive and (out of) September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 2023 (Loss) Income (Loss) Settlements Level 3 2023 Assets Debt securities Corporate securities ) Equity securities ) Mortgage loans ) ) Limited partnerships ) ) Policy loans ) Reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits ) Market risk benefit assets Liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties ) ) ) Market risk benefit liabilities ) ) ) 
 49 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Public utilities ) ) Corporate securities ) Other asset-backed securities ) ) ) Equity securities ) Mortgage loans ) Limited partnerships Policy loans ) Reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits Market risk benefit assets Liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties ) ) ) Market risk benefit liabilities ) ) ) 
 Total Realized/Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in Purchases, Fair Value Sales, Transfers Fair Value as of Net Other Issuances in and/or as of January 1, Income Comprehensive and (out of) September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 2023 (Loss) Income (Loss) Settlements Level 3 2023 Assets Debt securities Corporate securities ) ) Equity securities ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) Limited partnerships ) Policy loans ) Reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits ) Market risk benefit assets Liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties ) ) Market risk benefit liabilities ) ) ) 
 
 50 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Corporate securities ) Other asset-backed securities ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) Limited partnerships Policy loans ) ) Total ) ) ) Liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Purchases Sales Issuances Settlements Total Assets Debt securities Corporate securities ) Mortgage loans ) ) Limited partnerships ) ) Policy loans ) Total ) ) Liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Purchases Sales Issuances Settlements Total Assets Debt securities Public utilities Corporate securities ) Other asset-backed securities ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) Limited partnerships Policy loans ) ) Total ) ) ) Liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Purchases Sales Issuances Settlements Total Assets Debt securities Corporate securities ) Mortgage loans ) ) Limited partnerships ) Policy loans ) ) Total ) ) ) Liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties ) 
 51 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

million and million, respectively, transfers from Level 2 to Level 3 were million and million, respectively, and transfers from Level 3 to NAV were and , respectively. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy were ) million and million, respectively, transfers from Level 2 to Level 3 were ) million and ) million, respectively, and transfers from Level 3 to NAV were ) million and ) million, respectively. 
 
 During 2023, management determined that the fair value measurements for certain securities, primarily comprised of asset-backed and other debt securities included in funds withheld accounts, which were classified as Level 2 measurements within the fair value hierarchy in prior reporting periods, should be classified as Level 3 fair value measurements. The fair value of these securities is primarily obtained from external sources which may use unobservable inputs, proprietary inputs and models, or inputs or values that cannot be corroborated by market transactions and should be classified as externally priced Level 3 fair value measurements. The 2023 Fair Value on a Recurring Basis table and the Level 3 Assets and Liabilities by Price Source table reflect this change in classification. In the fourth quarter of 2023, securities totaling million that were previously reported as Level 3 were included in Transfers in and/or (out of) Level 3 . For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Level 3 Roll forward table and the Level 3 Purchases, Sales, Issuances, and Settlements tables are shown as previously reported and do not reflect this change in classification. The change in classification did not change the fair value of these securities and did not impact the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets or Condensed Consolidated Income Statements. 

52 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Public utilities ) Corporate securities Other asset-backed securities Equity securities ) Mortgage loans ) Limited partnerships ) Policy loans ) Reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits ) Market risk benefit assets ) Liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties ) Market risk benefit liabilities ) ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Included in Net Income Included in OCI Included in Net Income Included in OCI Assets Debt securities Other government securities Public utilities ) ) Corporate securities ) Other asset-backed securities Equity securities ) Mortgage loans ) Limited partnerships ) Policy loans Reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits ) Market risk benefit assets Liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties ) Market risk benefit liabilities ) ) 
 
 53 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Policy loans FHLBI capital stock Liabilities Annuity reserves (1) 
 Reserves for guaranteed investment contracts (2) 
 Trust instruments supported by funding agreements (2) 
 FHLB funding agreements (2) 
 Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties Long-term debt Securities lending payable (3) 
 Repurchase agreements (3) 
 Separate account liabilities (5) 
 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Carrying Value Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Mortgage loans Policy loans FHLBI capital stock Liabilities Annuity reserves (1) 
 Reserves for guaranteed investment contracts (2) 
 Trust instruments supported by funding agreements (2) 
 FHLB funding agreements (2) 
 Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties Long-term debt Securities lending payable (3) 
 FHLB advances (4) 
 Separate account liabilities (5) 
 (1) Annuity reserves represent only the components of other contract holder funds that are considered to be financial instruments. 
 (2) Included as a component of other contract holder funds on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) Included as a component of repurchase agreements and securities lending payable on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (4) Included as a component of other liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (5) The values of separate account liabilities are set equal to the values of separate account assets. 

54 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 per share. Due to the lack of valuation uncertainty, the investment has been classified as Level 1. 
 
 Other Contract Holder Funds 
 
 Fair values for immediate annuities without mortality features are derived by discounting the future estimated cash flows using current market interest rates for similar maturities. Fair values for deferred annuities, including the fixed option on variable annuities, fixed annuities, fixed index annuities and RILAs, are determined using projected future cash flows discounted at current market interest rates. 
 
 Fair values for guaranteed investment contracts, trust instruments supported by funding agreements and FHLB funding agreements are based on the present value of future cash flows discounted at current market interest rates. 
 
 Funds Withheld Payable Under Reinsurance Treaties 
 
 The fair value of the funds withheld payable is equal to the fair value of the assets held as collateral, which primarily consists of bonds, mortgages, limited partnerships, and cash and cash equivalents. The fair value of the assets generally uses industry standard valuation techniques as described above and the funds withheld payable components are valued consistent with the assets in the fair value hierarchy and the funds withheld payable is classified in its entirety according to the lowest level input that is significant to the determination of the fair value. The funds withheld payable is classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Debt 
 
 Fair values for the Company s surplus notes and long-term debt are generally determined by prices obtained from independent broker dealers or discounted cash flow models. Such prices are derived from market observable inputs and are classified as Level 2. 
 55 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

7. 

56 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 7. Deferred Acquisition Costs 

 Deferrals of acquisition costs Amortization ) ) Variable Annuities balance, end of period Reconciliation of total DAC Variable Annuities balance, end of period Other product lines, end of period Total balance, end of period 

8. 
 
 quota share basis, a block of Jackson s in-force fixed and fixed-index annuity product liabilities in exchange for a billion ceding commission. The coinsurance with funds withheld agreement ("the coinsurance agreement") required Jackson to establish a segregated account in which the investments supporting the ceded obligations are maintained. While the economic benefits of the investments flow to Athene, Jackson retains physical possession and legal ownership of the investments supporting the reserve. Further, the investments in the segregated account are not available to settle any policyholder obligations other than those specifically covered by the coinsurance agreement and are not available to settle obligations to general creditors of Jackson. The profit and loss with respect to obligations ceded to Athene are included in periodic net settlements pursuant to the coinsurance agreement. To further support its obligations under the coinsurance agreement, Athene procured billion in letters of credit for Jackson s benefit and established a trust account for Jackson s benefit, which had a book value of approximately million at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Swiss Re Reinsurance 
 
 Jackson has retrocession reinsurance agreements retro treaties with Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd. SRZ ). Pursuant to these retro treaties, Jackson ceded certain blocks of business to SRZ on a coinsurance with funds withheld basis, subject to pre-existing reinsurance with other parties. As a result of the reinsurance agreements with SRZ, Jackson withholds certain assets, primarily in the form of policy loans and debt securities, as collateral for the reinsurance recoverable. 
 
 The Company has also acquired certain blocks of business that are closed to new business and wholly ceded to non-affiliates. These include both direct and assumed accident and health businesses, direct and assumed life insurance business, and certain institutional annuities. 
 
 57 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 8. Reinsurance 

 million and million, respectively, on its reinsurance recoverables, which are reported net of ACL on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The ACL considers the credit quality of the reinsurer and is generally determined based on probability of default and loss given default assumptions, after considering any applicable collateral arrangements. 
 
 For reinsurance recoverables that are collateralized, the amount of collateral is expected to be adjusted as necessary as a result of fair value changes in that collateral. If the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date is less than the carrying value of the reinsurance recoverable, the Company recognizes an ACL on the difference between the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date and the carrying value of the reinsurance recoverable. Additions to or releases of the ACL are reported in Death, other policyholder benefits, and changes in reserves, net of deferrals in the Condensed Consolidated Income Statements. 
 
 Reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits is recognized at fair value with changes being recognized in current period earnings within market risk benefit (gains) losses, net. Non-performance risk of the reinsurer is incorporated into the calculation through the adjustment of the risk-free rate curve based on credit spreads observed on instruments issued by similarly-rated life insurance companies. 
 
 The Company s reinsurance contract that cedes only the GMIB elected on certain variable annuity products is classified as a reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits. These reinsured MRBs may have direct MRB balances recorded as either assets or liabilities; however, because the unit of account for the reinsured MRB is the reinsurance contract, the ceded MRB is presented in total within reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits. The fees used to determine the fair value of the reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits are those defined in the reinsurance contract. 
 
 Guaranteed benefits related to the optional lifetime income rider offered on certain fixed index annuities are MRBs that are reinsured with Athene. The reinsured MRBs are measured using a non-option valuation approach that uses cash flow assumptions and an attributed fee ratio consistent with those used to measure the MRBs on the direct contract and a discount rate that considers the reinsurer s credit risk. The attributed fee is locked-in at inception of the contract. 

58 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 8. Reinsurance 

 Accident and health Annuity benefits (1) 
 Claims liability and other Total 

Other product lines Total 
 
 Reinsurance and Funds Withheld Payable Under Reinsurance Treaties 
 
 Under the reinsurance agreement with Athene and the retro treaties with SRZ, the Company maintains ownership of the underlying investments instead of transferring them to the reinsurer and, as a result, records a funds withheld liability payable to the reinsurer. Investment returns earned on withheld assets are paid by the Company to the reinsurer, pursuant to the terms of the agreements. Investment income and net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments are reported net of gains or losses on the funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties. 
 
 The amounts credited to reinsurers on the funds withheld payable is based on the return earned on those assets. The return earned on the assets is subject to the credit risk of the original issuer of the instrument rather than Jackson s own creditworthiness, which results in an embedded derivative (total return swap). 
 
 Funds withheld under reinsurance agreement with Athene 
 
 The Company recognizes a liability for the embedded derivative related to the funds withheld under the reinsurance agreement with Athene within funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The embedded derivative is measured at fair value with changes in fair value reported in net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments in the Condensed Consolidated Income Statements. At inception of the reinsurance agreement with Athene, the fair value of the withheld investments differed from their book value and, accordingly, while the investments are held, the amortization of this difference is reported in net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments in the Condensed Consolidated Income Statements. See Note 5 - Derivative Instruments of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the embedded derivative. 
 
 Funds withheld under reinsurance agreements with SRZ 
 
 At execution of the retro treaties with SRZ, the Company elected the fair value option for the withheld assets, as well as the related funds withheld payable. Accordingly, the embedded derivative is not bifurcated or separately measured. The funds withheld payable is measured at fair value with changes in fair value reported in net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments. The fair value of the funds withheld payable is equal to the fair value of the assets held as collateral. 

59 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 8. Reinsurance 

 Debt securities, at fair value under the fair value option Equity securities Mortgage loans Mortgage loans, at fair value under the fair value option 
 Policy loans Freestanding derivative instruments, net Other invested assets Cash and cash equivalents Accrued investment income Other assets and liabilities, net ) Total assets (1) 
 Liabilities Funds held under reinsurance treaties (2) 
 Total liabilities 
 (1) Certain assets are reported at amortized cost while the fair value of those assets is reported in the embedded derivative in the funds withheld liability. 
 (2) Includes funds withheld embedded derivative asset (liability) of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Equity securities ) Mortgage loans (2) 
 Policy loans Limited partnerships Other investment income Total investment income on funds withheld assets Other investment expenses on funds withheld assets (3) 
 ) ) ) ) Total net investment income on funds withheld reinsurance treaties 
 (1) Includes million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to the change in fair value for securities carried under the fair value option. 
 (2) Includes million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and ) million and ) million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to the change in fair value for mortgage loans carried under the fair value option. 
 (3) Includes management fees. 

60 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 8. Reinsurance 

 Realized losses on sale ) ) ) ) Credit loss expense ) ) ) ) Credit loss expense on mortgage loans ) ) Other ) ) Net gains (losses) on non-derivative investments ) ) ) ) Net gains (losses) on derivative instruments ) ) Net gains (losses) on funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (1) 
 ) ) ) Total net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments ) ) ) (1) Includes the Athene embedded derivative gain (loss) of ) million and ) million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

9. 

61 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 9. Reserves for Future Policy Benefits and Claims Payable 

62 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 9. Reserves for Future Policy Benefits and Claims Payable 

 Closed Block Life Closed Block Annuity Reserves for future policy benefits Additional liabilities Closed Block Life Other future policy benefits and claims payable Reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable 
 
 Beginning of period cumulative effect of changes in discount rate assumptions Beginning balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in cash flow assumptions Effect of actual variances from expected experience ) ) Balance adjusted for variances from expectation Issuances Interest accrual Net premiums collected ) ) Ending balance at original discount rate End of period cumulative effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 63 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 9. Reserves for Future Policy Benefits and Claims Payable 

 Beginning of period cumulative effect of changes in discount rate assumptions Beginning balance at original discount rate (including DPL of , and in September 30, 2024, and , and in December 31, 2023 for payout annuities, closed block life and closed block annuity, respectively) 
 Effect of changes in cash flow assumptions ) Effect of actual variances from expected experience ) ) ) ) ) Balance adjusted for variances from expectation Issuances Interest accrual Benefits payments ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance of original discount rate (including DPL of , and in September 30, 2024, and , and in December 31, 2023 for payout annuities, closed block life and closed block annuity, respectively) 
 End of period cumulative effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period Reserves for future policy benefits Less: Reinsurance recoverable Reserves for future policy benefits, after reinsurance recoverable 
 
 The following table presents the weighted average duration of the reserves for future policy benefits. The weighted average duration represents average cohort-level duration weighted by the benefit reserves amount: 
 
 Payout Closed Block Closed Block Annuities Life Annuity September 30, 2024 Weighted average duration (years) December 31, 2023 Weighted average duration (years) 
 
 The discount rate assumption was updated based on current market data. Discount rates were lower in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. Discount rates decreased primarily due to decreases in risk-free rates. 

64 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 9. Reserves for Future Policy Benefits and Claims Payable 

 Expected future gross premiums Closed Block Life Expected future benefit payments Expected future gross premiums Closed Block Annuity Expected future benefit payments Expected future gross premiums 
 
 The following table presents the amount of revenue and interest related to non-participating traditional and limited-pay insurance contracts recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Income Statements (in millions): 
 
 Gross Premiums Interest Expense Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Payout Annuities Closed Block Life Closed Block Annuity Total 
 
 The following table presents the weighted average interest rate for the reserves for future policy benefits at the cohort's level for the locked-in discount rate (interest accretion rate), and current discount rate, weighted by the cohort's benefit reserve amount: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Payout Annuities Interest accretion rate Current discount rate Closed Block Life Interest accretion rate Current discount rate Closed Block Annuity Interest accretion rate Current discount rate 

65 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 9. Reserves for Future Policy Benefits and Claims Payable 

 Beginning of period cumulative effect of changes in shadow adjustments Beginning balance excluding shadow Effect of changes in cash flow assumptions Effect of actual variances from expected experience Interest accrual Net assessments collected ) ) Ending balance excluding shadow End of period cumulative effect of changes in shadow adjustments ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 The following table presents the weighted average duration of Closed Block Life additional liabilities for annuitization, death and other insurance benefits. The weighted average duration represents average cohort-level duration weighted by the benefit reserves amount: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Weighted average duration (years) 
 
 The following table presents assessments and interest expense of Closed Block Life additional liabilities for annuitization, death and other insurance benefits recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Income Statements (in millions): 
 
 Assessments Interest Expense Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Additional liability for annuitization, death and other insurance benefits ) ) 
 
 The following table presents the weighted average current discount rate of Closed Block Life additional liabilities for annuitization, death and other insurance benefits, applied at the cohort level weighted by reserve benefit amount: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Weighted average current discount rate 
 
 66 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 10. Other Contract Holder Funds 

10. 
 
 billion aggregate Global Medium-Term Note ("MTN") program. Jackson National Life Global Funding was formed as a statutory business trust, solely for the purpose of issuing Medium-Term Note instruments to institutional investors, the proceeds of which are deposited with the Company and secured by the issuance of funding agreements. The carrying values at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 totaled billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 67 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 10. Other Contract Holder Funds 

 million and million of FHLBI capital stock, respectively, supporting billion and billion in funding agreements and short-term and long-term borrowings at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the funding agreements and short-term and long-term borrowings were collateralized by mortgage-related securities and commercial mortgage loans with a carrying value of billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 Variable Annuity Fixed Annuity Fixed Indexed Annuities RILA Closed Block Life Closed Block Annuity Institutional Products Other Product Lines Total other contract holder funds 
 
 Deposits Surrenders, withdrawals and benefits ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net transfers from (to) separate accounts Investment performance / change in value of equity option Interest credited Policy charges and other ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 68 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 10. Other Contract Holder Funds 

 Deposits Surrenders, withdrawals and benefits ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net transfers from (to) separate accounts ) ) Investment performance / change in value of equity option Interest credited Policy charges and other ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 
 The following table presents weighted average crediting rate, net amount at risk, and cash surrender value of contract holder account balances (dollars in millions): 
 
 Fixed Closed Closed Payout Variable Fixed Indexed Block Block Annuity Annuity Annuity Annuities RILA Life Annuity September 30, 2024 Weighted-average crediting rate (1) 
 Net amount at risk (2) 
 Cash surrender value (3) 
 December 31, 2023 Weighted-average crediting rate (1) 
 Net amount at risk (2) 
 Cash surrender value (3) 
 
 (1) Weighted average crediting rate is the average crediting rate weighted by contract holder account balances invested in fixed account funds. 
 (2) Net amount at risk represents the standard excess benefit base for guaranteed death benefits on universal life type products. The net amount at risk associated with market risk benefits are presented within Note 12 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, excluding reinsurance business, approximately and of the Company s annuity account values correspond to crediting rates that are at the minimum guaranteed interest rates, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, excluding reinsurance business, approximately and of the Company s closed block life account values correspond to crediting rates that are at the minimum guaranteed interest rates, respectively. 

69 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 10. Other Contract Holder Funds 

 - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total Fixed Annuities - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total Fixed Indexed Annuities - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total RILA - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total Closed Block Life - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total Closed Block Annuity - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total 
 
 70 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 10. Other Contract Holder Funds 

 - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total Fixed Annuities - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total Fixed Indexed Annuities - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total RILA - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total Closed Block Life - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total Closed Block Annuity - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total 

71 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 11. Separate Account Assets and Liabilities 

11. 
 
 billion and billion, respectively. Investment risks associated with market value changes are borne by the contract holders, except to the extent of minimum guarantees made by the Company. 
 
 Separate account net investment income, net investment realized and unrealized gains and losses, and the related liability changes are offset within the same line item in the Condensed Consolidated Income Statements. Amounts assessed against the contract holders for mortality, variable annuity benefit guarantees, administrative, and other services are reported in revenue as fee income. 
 
 Included in the separate account assets and liabilities described above is a Jackson issued group variable annuity contract designed for use in connection with and issued to the Company s Defined Contribution Retirement Plan. These deposits are allocated to the Jackson National Separate Account - II, which had balances of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company receives administrative fees for managing the funds. These fees are recorded as earned and included in fee income in the Condensed Consolidated Income Statements. 
 
 Deposits Surrenders, withdrawals and benefits ) ) Net transfer from (to) general account ) Investment performance Policy charges and other ) ) Balance as of end of period, gross Cash surrender value (1) 
 
 (1) Cash surrender value represents the amount of the contract holder s account balances distributable at the balance sheet date less applicable surrender charges. 
 
 72 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 11. Separate Account Assets and Liabilities 

 Other Product Lines Total 
 
 Bond Balanced Money Market Total Variable Annuities Other Product Lines Total Separate Accounts 

12. 

73 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 12. Market Risk Benefits ) ) ) ) ) Market risk benefit - liabilities Market risk benefit - net (asset) liability ) ) ) ) 

74 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 12. Market Risk Benefits Beginning of period cumulative effect of changes in non-performance risk Net MRB balance, beginning of period, before effect of changes in non-performance risk ) Effect of changes in interest rates ) ) Effect of fund performance ) ) Effect of changes in equity index volatility ) ) Effect of expected policyholder behavior Effect of actual policyholder behavior different from expected Effect of time Effect of changes in assumptions Net MRB balance, end of period, before effect of changes in non-performance risk ) ) End of period cumulative effect of changes in non-performance risk ) ) Net MRB balance, end of period, gross ) ) Reinsurance recoverable on market risk benefits at fair value, end of period ) ) Net MRB balance, end of period, net of reinsurance ) ) Weighted average attained age (years) (1) 
 Net amount at risk (2) 
 
 (1) Weighted-average attained age is defined as the average age of policyholders weighted by account value. 
 (2) Net amount at risk (NAR) is defined as of the valuation date for each contract as the greater of Death Benefit NAR (DBNAR) and Living Benefit NAR (LBNAR), as applicable, where DBNAR is the GMDB benefit base in excess of the account value, and LBNAR is the actuarial present value of guaranteed living benefits in excess of the account value. 
 At each reporting date, the Company regularly evaluates the inputs and assumptions to be used to measure the fair value of the MRB assets and MRB liabilities. In prior periods, the non-performance risk adjustment was determined based on credit spreads indicated by a blend of yields on similarly rated peer debt and yields on Company debt. Starting June 30, 2023, non-performance risk is incorporated into the calculation through the adjustment of the risk-free rate curve based only on credit spreads for debt and debt-like instruments issued by the Company or its insurance operating subsidiaries, adjusted, as necessary, to reflect the financial strength ratings of the issuing insurance subsidiaries. The change was made as a result of management s determination that the reliability of credit spreads on debt and debt-like instruments issued by the Company as a measure of company-specific credit risk has increased due to sustained levels of market trading volume of these instruments. 

75 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 13. Long-Term Debt 

 13. 
 
 Senior Notes due 2031 Senior Notes due 2032 Senior Notes due 2051 Surplus notes due 2027 FHLBI bank loans due 2034 2035 Total long-term debt 

Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On February 24, 2023, the Company replaced the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility that was due to expire in February 2024, and entered into a revolving credit facility (the "2023 Revolving Credit Facility") with a syndicate of banks and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility provides for borrowings for working capital and other general corporate purposes under aggregate commitments of billion, with a sub-limit of million available for letters of credit. The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility further provides for the ability to request, subject to customary terms and conditions, an increase in commitments thereunder by up to an additional million. 
 
 The credit agreement for the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility contains financial maintenance covenants, including a minimum adjusted consolidated net worth test of no less than of our adjusted consolidated net worth as of September 30, 2022 (plus (to the extent positive) or minus (to the extent negative) of the impact on such adjusted consolidated net worth resulting from the application of a one-time transition adjustment for the LDTI accounting change for insurance contracts, and plus of the aggregate amount of any increase in adjusted consolidated net worth resulting from equity issuances by the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries after September 30, 2022), and a maximum consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization ratio test not to exceed . Commitments under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility terminate on February 24, 2028. 
 
 Line of Credit Agreement 
 
 Jackson is a party to an Uncommitted Money Market Line Credit Agreement dated April 6, 2023, among Jackson, Jackson Financial, and Soci t G n rale. This agreement is an uncommitted short-term cash advance facility that provides an additional form of liquidity to Jackson and to Jackson Financial. The aggregate borrowing capacity under the agreement is million and each cash advance request must be at least thousand. The interest rate is set by the lender at the time of the borrowing and is fixed for the duration of the advance. Jackson and Jackson Financial are jointly and severally liable to repay any advance under the agreement, which must be repaid prior to the last day of the quarter in which the advance was drawn. 
 
 76 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 14. Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 

14. 
 
 and million were outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and were recorded in other liabilities. Interest expense on such advances was million and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. See Note 10 - Other Contract Holder Funds of the Notes Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the carrying value of total collateralization of our FHLB obligations 

15. 
 
 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with and for the same periods in 2023, respectively. The ETR differs from the statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the dividends received deduction, utilization of foreign tax credits, and valuation allowance. The change in the ETR for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to the relationship of taxable income to consolidated pre-tax income (loss). The ETR differs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the full year-ended December 31, 2023 ETR of due to the relationship of taxable income to consolidated pre-tax income. 
 
 On September 12, 2024, the U.S. Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service released proposed regulations addressing the application of the corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT that was enacted as part of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA ). The proposed regulations are generally applicable to tax years ending after September 12, 2024 and consistent with many of the provisions provided in prior CAMT guidance. The Company did not elect to early adopt the proposed regulations for the 2023 tax returns and relied on reasonable interpretations of previously published guidance resulting in a reduction of million to the CAMT liability and related CAMT deferred tax asset as of September 30, 2024. In addition, the determination of the estimated 2024 CAMT liability considered carryover impacts from the 2023 tax return and consideration of the applicability of the proposed regulations resulting in a reduction of million to the CAMT liability and related CAMT deferred tax asset as of September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded an estimate of million and million, respectively, for the provision of the CAMT with an offsetting increase to the deferred tax asset for the credit carryover resulting in no impact to total tax expense. The U.S. Treasury Department is expected to issue Final Regulations after the year ended December 31, 2024, which may materially change the estimated provision of the CAMT. 
 
 The Company is required to evaluate the recoverability of its deferred tax assets and establish a valuation allowance, if necessary, to reduce its deferred tax asset to an amount that is more likely than not to be realizable. Considerable judgment and the use of estimates are required when determining whether a valuation allowance is necessary and, if so, the amount of such valuation allowance. When evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, the Company considers many factors, including: the nature and character of the deferred tax assets and liabilities; taxable income in prior carryback years; future reversals of temporary differences; the length of time carryovers can be utilized; and any tax planning strategies the Company would employ to avoid a tax benefit from expiring unused. The Company has adopted an accounting policy to analyze the ability to recover the CAMT credit carryover deferred tax asset separately from the deferred tax assets generated under the regular tax system. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, changes in market conditions and interest rates impacted the unrealized tax gains and losses in the available for sale securities portfolio resulting in deferred tax assets related to net unrealized tax capital losses. The deferred tax asset relates to the unrealized losses for which the carryforward period has not yet begun, 
 77 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 15. Income Taxes 

 million and a decrease of million, respectively, to the valuation allowance associated with the unrealized tax losses in the Company's available for sale securities portfolio and a change of nil related to both realized and unrealized losses on capital assets of the Non-life Companies. The million decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024, to the valuation allowance consists of million tax benefit recorded to other comprehensive income and million tax expense recorded in the income tax expense. The million decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the valuation allowance consists of million tax benefit recorded to other comprehensive income and million tax benefit recorded in the income tax expense. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has recorded a total valuation allowance for million and million, respectively, associated with the unrealized tax losses in the Life Companies' available for sale securities portfolio where it is not more likely than not that the full tax benefit of the losses will be realized. 

16. 

million. At September 30, 2024, unfunded commitments related to fixed-rate mortgage loans and other debt securities totaled million. 

17. 
 Other commission expenses Sub-advisor expenses General and administrative expenses Deferral of acquisition costs ) ) ) ) Total operating costs and other expenses 
 
 78 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 18. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

18.) ) ) ) Change in unrealized gains (losses) of investments ) ) Change in current discount rate - reserve for future policy benefits (2) 
 ) ) Change in non-performance risk on market risk benefits ) ) ) ) Change in unrealized gains (losses) - other ) ) ) Change in deferred tax asset Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Reclassifications from AOCI, net of tax ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, end of period (1) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes ) million and ) million related to the investments held within the funds withheld account related to the Athene Reinsurance Transaction as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Represents the impact of changes in the discount rate used in the remeasurement of our direct reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable, net of the remeasurement of ceded reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable. 
 
 Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments Other impaired securities ) ) Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments Net unrealized gain (loss) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Reclassifications, net of income taxes ) 
 
 AOCI Components Amounts Reclassified from AOCI Affected Line Item in the Condensed Consolidated Income Statements Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net unrealized investment gain (loss): Net realized gain (loss) on investments Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments Other impaired securities ) ) Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments Net unrealized gain (loss), before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) Reclassifications, net of income taxes 

79 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 19. Equity 

 19. 
 
 depositary shares (the Depositary Shares ), each representing a 1/1,000th fractional interest in a share of the Company s Fixed-Rate Reset Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, liquidation preference per share (equivalent to per Depositary Share), with a dividend rate reset period and noncumulative dividends (the Series A Preferred Stock ). After underwriting discounts and expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately million. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock carries i) an initial dividend rate of per annum to but excluding, March 30, 2028; and ii) from, and including, March 30, 2028, during each reset period, at a rate per annum equal to the Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate as of the applicable reset dividend determination date plus . The dividend is payable quarterly in arrears on March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30, and commenced on June 30, 2023. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are not cumulative. Under the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, if the Company has not declared and paid, or declared and set aside a sum sufficient for the payment of, dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock for the immediately preceding dividend period, then the Company s ability to pay dividends or make distributions with respect to its common stock, or to repurchase or otherwise acquire its common stock, is subject to certain restrictions. Similar restrictions would apply in respect of any preferred stock ranking on parity with, or junior to, the Series A Preferred Stock, if any such preferred stock were to be issued by the Company. 
 
 We may, at our option, redeem the shares of Series A Preferred Stock (a) in whole but not in part at any time prior to March 30, 2028, (i) within 90 days after the occurrence of a rating agency event at a redemption price equal to per share (equivalent to per Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any accrued but unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date, or (ii) within 90 days after the occurrence of a regulatory capital event, at a redemption price equal to per share (equivalent to per Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any accrued but unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date, or (b) in whole or in part, from time to time, on or after March 30, 2028, at a redemption price equal to per share (equivalent to per Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any accrued but unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date. If we redeem any shares of Series A Preferred Stock, a proportionate number of Depositary Shares will be redeemed. Holders of Depositary Shares have no right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series A Preferred Stock or the Depositary Shares. 
 
 The net proceeds from the sale were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of senior notes that matured in November 2023. 
 
 06/30/2024 May 2, 2024 June 6, 2024 July 1, 2024 09/30/2024 August 1, 2024 September 5, 2024 September 30, 2024 Quarter Ended 03/31/2023 None 06/30/2023 May 8, 2023 June 1, 2023 June 30, 2023 09/30/2023 August 7, 2023 August 31, 2023 October 2, 2023 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company was authorized to issue up to billion shares of common stock with a par value of per share. 
 
 80 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 19. Equity 

 million and million, respectively, in our existing authorization to repurchase shares of our outstanding common stock as part of the Company's share repurchase program. 
 
 The Company expects to repurchase common shares from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, form and amount of the share repurchases under the program are at the discretion of management and will depend on a variety of factors, including funds available at the Company, other potential uses for such funds, market conditions, the Company's capital position, legal requirements and other factors. The repurchase program may be modified, extended or terminated by the Board at any time. It does not have an expiration date. There can be no assurance that we will continue share repurchases or approve any further increase to our current, or approve any new, stock repurchase program, or no assurance to the amount of any repurchases that may be made pursuant to such programs. 
 
 Through September 30, 2024, we have incurred million of excise tax in connection with share repurchases that exceeded stock issuances. The excise tax incurred was recognized as part of the cost basis of the treasury stock acquired and not reported as income tax expense. 
 
 2023 (April 1- June 30) 2023 (July 1- September 30) 2023 (October 1- December 31) Total 2023 2024 (January 1- March 31) 2024 (April 1- June 30) 2024 (July 1- September 30) 2024 (October 1- November 1) Total 2024 
 
 ) Share-based compensation programs (1) 
 Shares repurchased under repurchase program ) ) Shares at September 30, 2024 ) 
 (1) Represents net shares issued from treasury stock pursuant to the Company s share-based compensation programs. 
 
 Dividends to Shareholders 
 
 Any declaration of cash dividends on common stock will be at the discretion of JFI s Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, earnings, liquidity and capital requirements, regulatory constraints, level of indebtedness, preferred stock, contractual restrictions with respect to paying cash dividends, restrictions imposed by Delaware law, general business conditions and any other factors that JFI s Board of Directors deems relevant in making any such determination. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will pay any cash dividends to holders of our stock or as to the amount of any such cash dividend. 

81 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 19. Equity 

 06/30/2024 May 2, 2024 June 6, 2024 June 20, 2024 09/30/2024 August 1, 2024 September 5, 2024 September 19, 2024 Quarter Ended 03/31/2023 February 27, 2023 March 14, 2023 March 23, 2023 06/30/2023 May 8, 2023 June 1, 2023 June 15, 2023 09/30/2023 August 7, 2023 August 31, 2023 September 14, 2023 

20. Less: Preferred stock dividends Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. common shareholders ) Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic Dilutive common shares Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted (1) 
 Earnings per share common stock Basic ) Diluted ) 
 (1) If we reported a net loss attributable to Jackson Financial Inc., all common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and are therefore excluded from the calculation of diluted shares and diluted per share amounts. The shares excluded from the diluted EPS calculation were shares for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

82 

Item 1 | Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 21. Subsequent Events 

21. 
 
 per share for the fourth quarter 2024, payable on December 19, 2024, to common shareholders of record on December 5, 2024. The Company also announced the declaration of a cash dividend of per depositary share, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of Fixed-Rate Reset Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A. The dividend will be payable on December 30, 2024, to preferred shareholders of record at the close of business on December 5, 2024. 

83 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS CAUTIONARY LANGUAGE 
 
 The information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this report contains forward-looking statements about future events and circumstances and their effects upon revenues, expenses and business opportunities. Generally speaking, any statement in this report not based upon historical fact is a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by the use of forward-looking or conditional words, such as could, should, can, continue, estimate, forecast, intend, look, may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, plan, remain, confident and commit or similar expressions. In particular, statements regarding plans, strategies, prospects, targets and expectations regarding the business and industry are forward-looking statements. They reflect expectations, are not guarantees of performance and speak only as of the dates the statements are made. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, expressed, or implied. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include those reflected in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on February 28, 2024, (the "2023 Annual Report"), and elsewhere in Jackson Financial Inc. s filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, Jackson Financial Inc. does not undertake to update such forward-looking statements. You should not rely unduly on forward-looking statements. 
 
 We routinely use our investor relations website, at investors.jackson.com, as a primary channel for disclosing key information to our investors, some of which may contain material and previously non-public information. We and certain of our senior executives may also use social media channels to communicate with our investors and the public about our Company and other matters, and those communications could be deemed to be material information. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our website, or our or our executives' social media channels, is not incorporated by reference into and is not part of this report. 
 
 84 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Available Information Principal Definitions 

Available Information 
 
 We make available free of charge, through our investor relations page of our website, investors.jackson.com, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and any amendments to those reports or statements as soon as reasonably practicable after these materials are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. We use our investor relations page of our website as a routine channel for distribution of important information, including news releases, analyst presentations, financial information, and corporate governance information. The content of Jackson s website is not incorporated by reference into this report or in any other report or document filed with the SEC, and any references to Jackson s website are intended to be inactive textual references only. The SEC s website, www.sec.gov, contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

Principal Definitions, Abbreviations, and Acronyms Used in the Text and Notes of this Report 
 
 we, us, our and the Company Jackson Financial Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context refers only to Jackson Financial Inc. as a corporate entity (which we refer to as "JFI" or "Jackson Financial") Jackson Jackson National Life Insurance Company, our primary operating subsidiary Brooke Life Brooke Life Insurance Company, our subsidiary and the direct parent company of Jackson National Life Insurance Company and Brooke Re Brooke Re Brooke Life Reinsurance Company, a direct subsidiary of Brooke Life, and a Michigan-based captive reinsurer Jackson Finance Jackson Finance, LLC, our subsidiary PPMH PPM Holdings, Inc., our subsidiary PPM PPM America, Inc., a subsidiary of PPMH ACL Allowance for credit loss Account value ("AV") or account balance The amount of money in a customer s account. For example, the account value increases with additional premiums and investment gains, and it decreases with withdrawals, investment losses and fees. Athene Athene Life Re Ltd. and its affiliates and permitted transferees, including Athene Co-Invest Reinsurance Affiliate 1A Ltd. Athene Reinsurance Transaction The funds withheld coinsurance agreement with Athene, entered on June 18, 2020, and effective June 1, 2020, to reinsure a 100 quota share of a block of our in-force fixed and fixed index annuity liabilities in exchange for approximately 1.2 billion in ceding commissions. AUM ("Assets under management") Investment assets that are managed by one of our subsidiaries and includes: (i) assets managed by PPM, including our investment portfolio (but excluding assets held in funds withheld accounts for reinsurance transactions), (ii) third-party assets (including our former parent and its affiliates), and (iii) the separate account assets of our retail annuities managed and administered by JNAM. Benefit base A notional amount (not actual cash value) used to calculate guaranteed benefits within an owner's annuity contract and fees due in respect of those guaranteed benefits. The death benefit and living benefit within the same contract may have different benefit bases. CMBS Commercial mortgage-backed securities DAC ("Deferred acquisition costs") Represent the incremental costs related directly to the successful acquisition of new, and certain renewal, insurance policies and annuity contracts. The recognition of these costs has been deferred, and the deferred amounts are shown on the balance sheet as an asset, which is subject to amortization over the estimated lives of those policies and contracts. Deferred tax asset or Deferred tax liability Assets or liabilities that are recorded for the difference between financial reporting, or book basis, and tax basis of an asset or a liability. 
 85 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Available Information Principal Definitions 

 Fixed Annuity An annuity that guarantees a set annual rate of return with interest at rates we determine, subject to specified minimums. Credited interest rates are guaranteed not to change for certain limited periods of time, after which rates may reset. Fixed Index Annuity An annuity with an ability to share in the upside from certain financial markets, such as equity indices, and provides downside protection General account assets The assets held in the general accounts of our insurance companies GIC Guaranteed investment contract Guarantee Fees Fees charged on our annuity contracts for optional benefit guarantees GMAB ("Guaranteed minimum accumulation benefit") An add-on benefit (enhanced benefits available for an additional cost) that entitles an owner to a minimum payment, typically in lump-sum, after a set period of time, referred to as the accumulation period. The minimum payment is based on the benefit base, which could be greater than the underlying account value. GMDB ("Guaranteed minimum death benefit") An add-on benefit (enhanced benefits available for an additional cost) that guarantees an owner s beneficiaries are entitled to a minimum payment based on the benefit base, which could be greater than the underlying account value, upon the death of the owner. GMIB ("Guaranteed minimum income benefit") An add-on benefit (available for an additional cost) where an owner is entitled to annuitize the policy and receive a minimum payment stream based on the benefit base, which could be greater than the payment stream resulting from current annuitization of the underlying account value. GMWB ("Guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit") An add-on benefit (available for an additional cost) where an owner is entitled to withdraw a maximum amount of their benefit base each year, for which cumulative payments to the owner could be greater than the underlying account value. GMWB for Life ("Guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit for life") An add-on benefit (available for an additional cost) where an owner is entitled to withdraw the guaranteed annual withdrawal amount each year for the duration of the policyholder s life, regardless of account performance. NAIC National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAV Net asset value Net flows Net flows represent the net change in customer account balances during a period, after reflecting gross premium inflows and surrender, withdrawal and benefit payment outflows. Net flows do not include investment performance, interest credited to customer accounts and policy charges. RBC ("Risk-based capital") Statutory minimum level of capital that is required by regulators for an insurer to support its operations RBC ratio The ratio of statutory total adjusted capital to company action level required capital. A formal calculation is made annually during the fourth quarter. In other periods, the ratio is estimated. RILA A registered index-linked annuity, which offers market index-linked investment options, subject to a cap, and a variety of guarantees designed to modify or limit losses. 
 RMBS Residential mortgage-backed securities Variable annuity An annuity that offers tax-deferred investment into a range of asset classes and a variable return, which offers insurance features related to potential future income payments. VIE Variable interest entity 
 
 86 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Overview Executive Summary 

Overview of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in its entirety and in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes contained in Part I, Item 1 of this report, as well as the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Jackson Financial or JFI along with its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company, which also may be referred to as we, our or us ), is a financial services company. Jackson Financial, domiciled in the state of Delaware, United States U.S. ), was previously a subsidiary of Prudential plc Prudential ), London, England and was the holding company for Prudential s U.S. operations. On September 13, 2021, the Company demerged from Prudential (the "Demerger"). Jackson Financial s primary operating subsidiary, Jackson National Life Insurance Company ("Jackson"), is licensed to sell group and individual annuity products (including immediate, registered index-linked, deferred fixed, fixed index, fixed and variable annuities), and various protection products, primarily whole life, universal life, variable universal life and term life insurance products in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. 

Executive Summary 
 
 This executive summary of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation highlights selected information and may not contain all the information that is important to current or potential investors in our securities. You should read this report, together with our 2023 Annual Report, in their entirety for a more detailed description of events, trends, uncertainties, risks and critical accounting estimates affecting us. 
 
 We help Americans grow and protect their retirement savings and income to enable them to pursue financial freedom for life. We believe that we are uniquely positioned in our markets because of our differentiated products, well-known brand and disciplined risk management. Our market position is supported by our efficient and scalable operating platform and industry-leading distribution network. We believe these core strengths will enable us to grow profitably as an aging, U.S. population transitions into retirement. 
 
 We earn revenues predominantly from fee income, spread income resulting from what we earn on investments versus the interest we credit to contract holders, and margins on other insurance products. Our profitability is dependent on our ability to properly price and manage risk on insurance and annuity products, manage our portfolio of investments effectively, and control costs through expense discipline. 
 
 Due to funds withheld reinsurance arrangements, including the Athene Reinsurance Transaction, we hold significant assets whose investment performance accrues to the benefit of the related reinsurer. 
 
 We experience net income volatility due to the fact that we do not directly use hedging to offset the movement in our U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP") market risk benefit liabilities as market conditions change from period to period. Our core dynamic hedging program seeks to offset changes in the economic liability associated with variable annuity guaranteed benefits due to market movements, while our macro hedging program seeks to protect statutory capital under a range of stress scenarios. As a result, the changes in the fair value of the derivatives used as part of our overall hedging program are not expected to match the movements in the market risk benefit liabilities resulting in volatility from changes in fair value recorded to net income. Accordingly, we evaluate and manage the performance of our business using Adjusted Operating Earnings, a non-GAAP financial measure that reduces the impact of market volatility by excluding changes in fair value of freestanding and embedded derivative instruments, market risk benefits and other items. S ee Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 
 We manage our business through three segments: Retail Annuities, Institutional Products, and Closed Life and Annuity Blocks. We report in Corporate and Other activities and items that are not included in the three segments, including the results of PPM Holdings, Inc., the parent holding company of PPM America Inc. ("PPM"), that manages the majority of our general account investment portfolio. See Note 3 - Segment Information of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our segments. 
 87 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Executive Summary 

An understanding of several key operating measures, including sales, account value, net flows, benefit base and assets under management ("AUM"), is helpful in evaluating our results. See Key Operating Measures below. Finally, we are affected by various economic, industry and regulatory trends , which are described below under Macroeconomic, Industry and Regulatory Trends. 
 
 The table below presents selected financial and operating measures: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) (in millions) Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. common shareholders (480) 2,762 568 2,469 Adjusted Operating Earnings (1) 
 350 315 1,094 869 Amount of shares repurchased under share repurchase program 113 71 319 188 Dividends on common shares 54 52 164 159 Return on Equity ("ROE") Attributable to Common Shareholders (19.5) 129.5 7.8 38.9 Adjusted Operating ROE Attributable to Common Shareholders on average equity (1) 
 12.3 11.8 13.0 11.6 (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 

Recent Events of Note 
 
 Capital Returned to Common Shareholders: Since January 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024, we have returned 483 million to our common shareholders consisting of 164 million in dividends and 319 million in common share repurchases. Our capital return target for common shareholders for 2024 is 550- 650 million. Share repurchases, net of issuances for our share-based compensation, have reduced our outstanding shares of common stock from 78,660,221 at December 31, 2023 to 74,351,061 at September 30, 2024. See Note 19 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our share repurchases. 
 
 Brooke Life Reinsurance Company Brooke Re ): During the first quarter of 2024, Jackson entered into a 100 coinsurance with funds withheld reinsurance transaction with Brooke Re with all economics of the transaction effective as of January 1, 2024. Jackson and Brooke Re are both direct subsidiaries of Brooke Life. The transaction primarily provides for the cession from Jackson to Brooke Re of liabilities associated with certain guaranteed benefit riders under our variable annuity contracts and similar products of Jackson market risk benefits ), both in-force on the effective date of the reinsurance agreement and written in the future i.e. , on a flow basis) as well as related future fees, claims and other benefits, and maintenance expenses in exchange for a ceding commission for the in-force business. Jackson retains the variable annuity base contract, the annuity contract administration of the ceded business, and responsibility for investment management of the assets in the funds withheld account supporting the ceded liabilities. Brooke Re paid a ceding commission of approximately 1.2 billion to Jackson in connection with the execution of the reinsurance transaction. The reinsurance transaction eliminates upon consolidation at JFI. Holding company liquidity at JFI was not impacted by the transaction. 
 
 Brooke Re is a Michigan captive insurer regulated by the Michigan Department of Insurance and Financial Services and created in the first quarter of 2024 for the express purpose of serving as the counterparty to the reinsurance transaction with Jackson described above. Brooke Re was capitalized with assets contributed from Brooke Life of approximately 1.9 billion originating from Jackson as a return of capital to Brooke Life. Brooke Re utilizes a modified U.S. GAAP approach primarily related to market risk benefits, with the intent to increase alignment between assets and liabilities in response to changes in economic factors. 
 
 88 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Executive Summary 

 The transaction mitigates the impact of the cash surrender value floor on Jackson s total adjusted capital, statutory required capital, and risk-based capital ("RBC") ratio and enables more efficient economic hedging of the underlying risks of Jackson s business. This outcome serves the interests of policyholders by protecting statutory capital through diminished non-economic hedging and related costs. Overall, this transaction allows us to optimize our hedging, stabilize capital generation, and produce more predictable financial results going forward. 

Key Operating Measures 
 
 We use a number of operating measures, discussed below, which management believes provide useful information about our businesses and the operational factors underlying our financial performance. 
 
 Sales 
 
 Sales of annuities and institutional products include all money deposited by customers into new and existing contracts. We believe sales statistics are useful to gaining an understanding of, among other things, the attractiveness of our products, how we can best meet our customers needs, evolving industry product trends and the performance of our business from period to period. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Sales Variable annuities 2,632 2,429 7,788 7,351 RILA 1,608 807 4,187 1,881 Fixed Index Annuities 48 41 127 178 Fixed Annuities (1) 
 984 35 1,090 146 Total Retail Annuity Sales 5,272 3,312 13,192 9,556 Total Institutional Product Sales 749 112 1,461 1,065 Total Sales 6,021 3,424 14,653 10,621 
 (1) Includes payout annuities. 
 
 Higher retail sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily due to increased RILA and fixed annuity sales. This was a strong quarter in the fixed annuity market, both for the Company and the industry, as consumers looked to lock in crediting rates during a quarter with declining interest rates. While we expect our distribution efforts to continue to deliver higher levels of fixed annuity sales going forward, we expect near-term volumes will be below third quarter levels. In addition, sales of our institutional products were higher for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, reflecting our opportunistic approach to this business, which depends on both the risk-adjusted return on investment opportunities available and the prevailing cost of funding required by purchasers. 
 
 89 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Key Operating Measures 

 Account Value 
 
 Account value ("AV") as shown below generally equals the account value of our variable annuities, RILA, fixed index annuities, fixed annuities, interest sensitive life, and institutional products. It reflects the total amount of customer invested assets that have accumulated within a respective product and equals cumulative customer contributions, which includes gross deposits or premiums, plus accrued credited interest plus or minus the impact of market movements, as applicable, less withdrawals and various fees. We believe account value is a useful metric in providing an understanding of, among other things, the sources of potential fee and spread income generation, potential benefit obligations and risk management priorities. 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions) Account Value GMWB For Life 176,729 166,688 GMWB 6,389 6,092 GMIB 1,276 1,352 No Living Benefits 57,851 53,645 Total Variable Annuity Account Value 242,245 227,777 RILA 10,250 5,219 Fixed Index Annuity (1) 
 749 622 Fixed Annuity (1) 
 2,177 1,218 Total Fixed Fixed Index Annuity Account Value (1) 
 2,926 1,840 Payout Annuity (1) 
 607 629 Total Retail Annuities Account Value (1) 
 256,028 235,465 Total Institutional Products Account Value 7,929 8,406 Total Closed Life and Annuity Blocks Account Value (1) 
 7,754 8,032 (1) Net of reinsurance. 

90 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Key Operating Measures 

 Net Flows 
 
 Net flows represent the net change in customer account balances during a period, reflecting gross premiums received and surrenders, withdrawals and benefits payments. Net flows exclude investment performance, interest credited to customer accounts, transfers between fixed and variable benefits for variable annuities and policy charges. We believe net flows is a useful metric in providing an understanding of, among other things, sales, ongoing premiums and deposits, the changes in account value from period to period, sources of potential fee and spread income and policyholder behavior. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Net Flows: Variable Annuity (5,012) (2,314) (13,327) (6,133) RILA 1,550 794 4,057 1,834 Fixed Index Annuity (1) 
 44 36 103 171 Fixed Annuity (1) 
 953 10 968 (11) Payout Annuity (1) 
 (8) (18) (36) (55) Total Retail Annuities Net Flows (1) 
 (2,473) (1,492) (8,235) (4,194) Net flows ceded (999) (879) (2,806) (3,078) Total Retail Annuities net flows, gross of reinsurance (3,472) (2,371) (11,041) (7,272) Total Institutional Products Net Flows 499 (242) (716) (533) Total Closed Life and Annuity Blocks Net Flows (1) 
 (74) (73) (253) (205) (1) Net of reinsurance. 

Net flows, net of reinsurance, decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven by increased variable annuity surrenders and withdrawals, partially offset by increased RILA and fixed annuity sales. 
 
 91 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Key Operating Measures 

 Benefit Base 
 
 Benefit base refers to a notional amount that represents the value of a customer s guaranteed benefit and, therefore, may be a different value from the invested assets in a customer s account value. The benefit base may be used to calculate the fees for a customer s guaranteed benefits within an annuity contract. The guaranteed death benefit and guaranteed living benefit within the same contract may not have the same benefit base. We believe benefit base is a useful metric for our variable annuity policies in providing an understanding of, among other things, fee income generation, potential optional guarantee benefit obligations and risk management priorities. The following table shows variable annuity account value and benefit base as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Account Value Benefit Base Account Value Benefit Base (in millions) No Living Benefits 57,851 N/A 53,645 N/A By Guaranteed Living Benefits: GMWB for Life 176,729 183,279 166,688 188,722 GMWB 6,389 5,140 6,092 5,348 GMIB (1) 
 1,276 1,595 1,352 1,799 Total 242,245 190,014 227,777 195,869 By Guaranteed Death Benefit: Return of AV (No GMDB) 29,891 N/A 27,486 N/A Return of Premium 186,065 133,931 174,841 137,287 Highest Anniversary Value ("HAV") 13,681 12,916 13,213 13,522 Rollup 3,362 4,191 3,347 4,484 Combination HAV/Rollup 9,246 9,728 8,890 10,057 Total 242,245 160,766 227,777 165,350 (1) Substantially all of our GMIB benefits are reinsured. 

Assets Under Management 
 
 AUM, or assets under management, includes: (i) investment assets managed by one of our subsidiaries, PPM, including our investment portfolio (but excluding assets held in funds withheld accounts for reinsurance transactions) and third-party assets (including our former parent and its affiliates) and (ii) the separate account investment assets of our Retail Annuities segment managed and administered by another subsidiary, JNAM. Total AUM reflects exclusions between segments to avoid double counting. We believe AUM is a useful metric for understanding, among other things, the sources of our earnings, net investment income and performance of our invested assets, customer directed investments and risk management priorities. 
 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (in millions) Jackson Invested Assets 48,099 44,068 Third Party Invested Assets (including CLOs) 28,564 29,043 Total PPM AUM 76,663 73,111 Total JNAM AUM 257,876 242,727 Total AUM 334,539 315,838 
 
 92 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Macroeconomic, Industry and Regulatory Trends 

Macroeconomic, Industry and Regulatory Trends 
 
 We discuss a number of trends and uncertainties below that we believe could materially affect our future business performance, including our results of operations, our investments, our cash flows, and our capital and liquidity position. 
 
 Macroeconomic and Financial Market Conditions 
 
 Our business and results of operations are affected by macroeconomic factors. The level of interest rates and shape of the yield curve, credit and equity market performance and equity volatility, regulation, tax policy, the level of U.S. employment, inflation and the overall U.S. economic growth rate can affect both our short- and long-term profitability. Monetary and fiscal policy in the U.S., or similar actions in foreign nations, could result in increased volatility in financial markets, including interest rates, currencies and equity markets, and could impact our business in both the short- and medium-term. Government actions, including responses to future pandemics, civil unrest, tariffs, sanctions or other barriers to international trade, and the effects that these or other government events could have on levels of U.S. economic activity, could also impact our business through any of their individual impacts on consumers behavior or on financial markets. 
 
 In the short- to medium-term, the potential for increased volatility could pressure sales and reduce demand for our products as consumers consider purchasing alternative products to meet their objectives. Our financial performance can be adversely affected by market volatility and equity market declines if fees assessed on the account value of our annuities fluctuate, hedging costs increase, and revenues decline due to reduced sales and increased outflows. 
 
 Equity Market Environment 
 
 Our financial performance is impacted by equity market performance. On our variable annuities, the fees we earn that are not associated with guaranteed benefits are mainly based on the account value, which changes with equity market levels. In addition, our hedges could be less effective in periods of large directional movements, or we could experience more frequent or more costly rebalancing in periods of high volatility, which would lead to adverse performance versus our hedge targets and increased hedging costs. Further, we also are exposed to basis risk, which results from our inability to purchase or sell hedge assets whose performance is directly correlated to the performance of the funds into which customers allocate their assets. We make available to customers funds where we believe we can transact in sufficiently correlated hedge assets, yet we anticipate some variance in the performance of our hedge assets and customer funds. This variance may result in our hedge assets outperforming or underperforming the customer assets they are intended to match. This variance may be exacerbated during periods of high volatility, leading to a mismatch in our hedge results relative to our hedge targets and U.S. GAAP results. 
 
 93 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Macroeconomic, Industry and Regulatory Trends 

 Interest Rate Environment 
 
 The interest rate environment has affected, and will continue to affect, our business and financial performance for the following reasons: 
 
 Periods of rising interest rates impact investment-related activity including investment income returns, net investment spread results, new money rates, mortgage loan prepayments, and bond redemptions. Rising interest rates also impact the hedging results of our variable annuity business as the market value of interest rate hedges decline, thereby driving hedging losses. We would expect lower hedging costs and reduced levels of hedging going forward after such an increase in rates. Further, we expect near-term hedging losses from rising rates may be more than offset by changes in the fair value of the related guaranteed benefit liabilities, which are reduced with an increase in interest rates due to the higher discount rate. 
 
 Interest rate increases also expose us to disintermediation risk, where higher rates make currently sold fixed annuity products more attractive while simultaneously reducing the market value of assets backing our liabilities. This creates an incentive for our customers to lapse their products in an environment where selling assets causes us to realize losses. 
 
 With the execution of the Brooke Re transaction in the first quarter of 2024, we are able to largely moderate the impact of the cash surrender value floor going forward. In the past, our statutory total adjusted capital ("TAC") has been negatively impacted by rising rates due to minimum required reserving levels i.e. , cash surrender value floor) when reserve releases are limited and unable to offset interest rate hedging losses. The risk-based capital, or RBC, ratio increased or decreased depending on the interaction between movements in TAC and movements in statutory required capital (the company action level, or "CAL ). 
 
 Pricing actions we take in response to decreasing interest rates may reduce the attractiveness of crediting rates, guaranteed benefits, and other product features. This in turn may lead to reduced sales volumes. 
 
 Low interest rate environments could also subject us to increased hedging costs or an increase in the amount of regulatory reserves that our insurance subsidiaries are required to hold for optional guaranteed benefits, decreasing regulatory surplus, which would adversely affect our insurance subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends. In addition, low interest rates could also increase the perceived value of optional guaranteed benefit features to our customers, which in turn could lead to a higher utilization of withdrawal or annuitization features of annuity policies and higher persistency of those products over time. 
 
 Some of our annuities have guaranteed minimum interest crediting rates GMICRs that limit our ability to reduce crediting rates. If earnings on our investment portfolio decline, those GMICRs may result in net investment spread compression that negatively impacts earnings. Many of our annuities have GMICRs that reset at contractually specified times after issue, subject to a contractually specified minimum GMICR. In a rising interest rate environment, these GMICRs can increase over time. Conversely, in a falling interest rate environment, the interest crediting rate will eventually decrease; however, there may be a lag between interest rate movements and the GMICR reset, temporarily limiting our ability to lower crediting rates. When policies have comparatively high GMICRs, in a subsequent low interest rate environment more customers are expected to hold on to their policies, which may result in lower lapses than previously expected. 

94 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Macroeconomic, Industry and Regulatory Trends 

 Credit Market Environment 
 
 Conditions in fixed income markets impact our financial performance. As credit spreads widen, the fair value of our existing investment portfolio generally decreases, although we generally expect the widening spreads to increase the yield on new fixed income investments. Conversely, as credit spreads tighten, the fair value of our existing investment portfolio generally increases, and the yield available on new investment purchases decreases. While changing credit spreads impact the fair value of our investment portfolio, this revaluation is generally reflected in our accumulated other comprehensive income, or AOCI. The revaluation will impact net income for realized gains or losses from the sale of securities, the change in fair value of trading securities or securities carried at fair value under the fair value election, or potential changes in the allowance for credit loss ("ACL"). In addition, if credit conditions deteriorate due to a recession or other negative credit events in capital markets, we could experience an increase in defaults and other-than-temporary-impairments OTTI ). 
 
 OTTI in our underlying investments would result in a reduction in our insurance company subsidiaries' regulatory capital. Also, shifts in the credit quality or credit rating downgrades of our investments as a result of stressed credit conditions may also impact the level of regulatory required capital for our insurance company subsidiaries. As such, significant credit rating downgrades along with elevated defaults and OTTI losses would negatively impact our RBC ratio, which could impact available dividends from our insurance subsidiaries. 
 
 Pandemics and Other Public Health Crises 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic disrupted our business and contributed to additional operating costs in prior years. Other similar pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks in the U.S. or globally could disrupt our business by affecting how we protect and interact with our critical workforce, customers, key vendors, third-party suppliers, or counterparties with whom we transact. Disruption could result from an inability of those persons to work or transact effectively due to illness, quarantines, and government actions in response to public health emergencies. The extent and severity of governmental actions will necessarily depend on the extent and severity of the perceived emergency. We have risk management plans in place and were able to navigate through COVID-19 with remote and hybrid work environments; however, those plans may be challenged by a new public health emergency. 
 
 Consumer Behavior 
 
 We believe that many retirees look to tax-efficient savings products as a tool for addressing their unmet need for retirement planning. We believe our products are well-positioned to meet this increasing consumer demand. However, consumer behavior may be impacted by increased economic uncertainty, unemployment rates, declining equity markets, significant changes in interest rates and increased volatility of financial markets. In recent years, we have introduced new products to better address changes in consumer demand and targeted distribution channels that meet changes in consumer preferences. 
 
 Demographics 
 
 We expect demographic trends in the U.S. population, in particular the increase in the number of retirement age individuals, to generate significant demand for our products. In addition, the potential risk to government social safety net programs and shifting of responsibility for retirement planning and financial security from employers and other institutions to employees, highlight the need for individuals to plan for their long-term financial security and will create additional opportunities to generate sustained demand for our products. We believe we are well-positioned to capture the increased demand generated by these demographic trends. 
 
 95 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Macroeconomic, Industry and Regulatory Trends 

 Regulatory Policy 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry. Our insurance company subsidiaries are regulated primarily at the state level, with some policies and products also subject to federal regulation. New federal and state regulations could impact our business model, including regulatory reserve and capital requirements. Our ability to respond to changes in regulation and other legislative activity are critical to our long-term financial performance. T he following regulations could materially impact our business: 
 
 Department of Labor Fiduciary Advice Rule 
 
 Effective February 16, 2021, the Department of Labor (the DOL issued a regulatory action that defined what constitutes fiduciary investment advice to Employee Retirement Income Security Act ("ERISA") plans and individual retirement accounts ("IRAs"), essentially broadening the circumstances under which financial institutions, including insurance companies, could be considered fiduciaries under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Federal tax code ). 
 
 On April 23, 2024, the DOL adopted a final rule that revised the 2021 definition of fiduciary and related Prohibited Transaction Exemptions (PTE) (combined, the Fiduciary Advice Rule or final rule ), redefining what constitutes fiduciary investment advice to ERISA plans and IRAs. The final rule extends fiduciary status to one-time rollover recommendations and broadens the circumstances under which financial institutions, including insurance companies, could be considered fiduciaries under ERISA or the Federal tax code. 
 
 The final rule also includes revisions to two PTEs (2020-02 and 84-24) that govern the sale of annuities. PTE 2020-02 governs the sale of annuity products by financial institutions, including broker-dealers, and any recommendations to purchase securities in qualified plans or from rollover funds. PTE 84-24 was narrowed to only apply to independent insurance agents recommending non-securities products. PTE 84-24 also imposes certain supervisory obligations on insurance carriers that are similar to obligations already covered under the National Association of Insurance Commissioner s (the "NAIC") Suitability in Annuity Transactions Model Regulation, as well as new compliance policies and procedures. 
 
 The final rule was to take effect on September 23, 2024, with a one-year phase-in period for a majority of the provisions, based on certain conditions. However, the final rule is facing significant litigation challenges; and, on July 25, 2024, a federal district court in Texas issued an order that the effective date of the final rule is stayed until further order of the Court. On September 20, 2024, the DOL timely filed an appeal related to the ruling on the stay. Unless the DOL moves to expedite the appeal, it is expected that the Court will issue a decision in six to eight months. 
 
 We continue to analyze the impact of the adopted Fiduciary Advice Rule and, while we cannot predict the final rule s impact, it could have an adverse effect on sales of annuities through our distribution partners and result in increased compliance costs to Jackson. We may need to take additional actions to comply with, or assist our distributors in their compliance with, the Fiduciary Advice Rule. The Fiduciary Advice Rule may also lead to changes to our compensation practices and product offerings and increase litigation risk, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Nonetheless, because the distribution of annuities is primarily through intermediaries, most of which have implemented systems and processes to align to existing state and federal fiduciary and/or best interest standards, we believe that we have limited exposure to the Fiduciary Advice Rule. While the final rule may not have a material impact on our business, it may impede certain investors access to financial advice or annuities that provide guaranteed income streams. 

96 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Macroeconomic, Industry and Regulatory Trends 

 Legislative Reforms 
 
 In recent years, Congress approved legislation beneficial to our business model. The Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement Act of 2019 (the "SECURE Act"), approved by Congress on December 20, 2019, provides individuals with greater access to retirement products. Namely, it made it easier for 401(k) programs to offer annuities as an investment option by, among other things, creating a statutory safe harbor in ERISA for a retirement plan s selection of an annuity provider. On December 29, 2022, Congress signed into law the SECURE 2.0 Act of 2022 SECURE 2.0 ). SECURE 2.0 expands automatic enrollment programs, increases the age for required minimum distributions, and eliminates age requirements for traditional IRA contributions. These changes are intended to expand and increase Americans retirement savings. 
 
 Tax Laws 
 
 Our annuities offer investors the opportunity to benefit from tax deferrals. If U.S. tax laws change such that our annuities no longer offer tax-deferred advantages, demand for our products could materially decrease. 
 
 Changes to individual income tax rates and other elements of tax policy can make the tax deferral aspects of our products more or less attractive to consumers, affecting demand for our products. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 In addition to presenting our results of operations and financial condition in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we use and report selected non-GAAP financial measures. Management believes that the use of these non-GAAP financial measures, together with relevant U.S. GAAP financial measures, provides a better understanding of our results of operations, financial condition and the underlying performance drivers of our business. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered supplementary to our results of operations and financial condition that are presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be viewed as a substitute for the U.S. GAAP financial measures. Other companies may use similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures that are calculated differently from the way we calculate such measures. Consequently, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Adjusted Operating Earnings 
 
 Adjusted Operating Earnings is an after-tax non-GAAP financial measure, which we believe should be used to evaluate our financial performance on a consolidated basis by excluding certain items that may be highly variable from period to period due to accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP or that are non-recurring in nature, as well as certain other revenues and expenses that we do not view as driving our underlying performance. Adjusted Operating Earnings should not be used as a substitute for net income as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, we believe the adjustments to net income are useful for gaining an understanding of our overall results of operations. 
 
 Adjusted Operating Earnings equals our Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc.'s common shareholders (which excludes income attributable to non-controlling interest and dividends on preferred stock) adjusted to eliminate the impact of the items described in the following numbered paragraphs. These items are excluded as they may vary significantly from period to period due to near-term market conditions or are otherwise not directly comparable or reflective of the underlying performance of our business. We believe these exclusions provide investors a better picture of the drivers of our underlying performance. 
 
 97 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

 1. Net Hedging Results : Comprised of: (i) fees attributed to guaranteed benefits; (ii) net gains (losses) on hedging instruments which includes: (a) changes in the fair value of freestanding derivatives, and related commissions and expenses, used to manage the risk associated with market risk benefits and other guaranteed benefit features, excluding earned income from periodic settlements and changes in settlement accruals on cross-currency swaps; and (b) investment income and change in fair value of certain non-derivative assets used to manage the risk associated with market risk benefits and other guaranteed benefit features; (iii) the movements in reserves, market risk benefits, guaranteed benefit features accounted for as embedded derivative instruments, and related claims and benefit payments; (iv) amortization of the balance of unamortized deferred acquisition costs, at January 1, 2021, the date of transition to current accounting guidance (LDTI), associated with items excluded from adjusted operating earnings prior to transition; and (v) the impact on the valuation of Guaranteed Benefits and Net Hedging Results arising from changes in underlying actuarial assumptions. We believe excluding these items removes the impact to both revenue and related expenses associated with Guaranteed Benefits and Net Hedging Results. 
 
 2. Net Realized Investment Gains and Losses: Comprised of: (i) realized investment gains and losses associated with the periodic sales or disposals of securities, excluding those held within our trading portfolio, and (ii) impairments of securities, after adjustment for the non-credit component of the impairment charges. 
 
 3. Change in Value of Funds Withheld Embedded Derivative and Net investment income on funds withheld assets: Composed of: (i) the change in fair value of funds withheld embedded derivatives, and (ii) net investment income on funds withheld assets related to funds withheld reinsurance transactions. 
 
 4. Other items : Comprised of: (i) the impact of investments that are consolidated in our financial statements due to U.S. GAAP accounting requirements, such as our investments in collateralized loan obligations (CLOs), but for which the consolidation effects are not consistent with our economic interest or exposure to those entities, and (ii) one-time or other non-recurring items, such as costs relating to our separation from Prudential. 
 
 Operating income taxes are calculated using the prevailing corporate federal income tax rate of 21 while taking into account any items recognized differently in our financial statements and federal income tax returns, including the dividends received deduction and other tax credits. For interim reporting periods, the Company uses an estimated annual effective tax rate ETR in computing its tax provision including consideration of discrete items. 

98 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

 The following is a reconciliation of Adjusted Operating Earnings to net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial common shareholders, the most comparable U.S. GAAP measure. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. common shareholders (480) 2,762 568 2,469 Add: dividends on preferred stock 11 11 33 24 Add: income tax expense (benefit) (113) 712 24 399 Pretax income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. (582) 3,485 625 2,892 Non-operating adjustments (income) loss: Guaranteed benefits and hedging results: Fees attributable to guarantee benefit reserves (779) (784) (2,347) (2,345) Net (gains) losses on hedging instruments (591) 271 3,068 4,694 Market risk benefits (gains) losses, net 1,172 (2,376) (2,062) (5,120) Net reserve and embedded derivative movements 493 (45) 1,135 338 Amortization of DAC associated with non-operating items at date of transition to LDTI 135 148 410 450 Assumption changes Total guaranteed benefits and net hedging results 430 (2,786) 204 (1,983) Net realized investment (gains) losses 45 127 82 235 Net realized investment (gains) losses on funds withheld assets 784 (159) 1,199 648 Net investment income on funds withheld assets (269) (303) (824) (862) Other items 3 (9) (13) 32 Total non-operating adjustments 993 (3,130) 648 (1,930) Pretax adjusted operating earnings 411 355 1,273 962 Less: operating income tax expense (benefit) 50 29 146 69 Adjusted operating earnings before dividends on preferred stock 361 326 1,127 893 Less: dividends on preferred stock 11 11 33 24 Adjusted operating earnings 350 315 1,094 869 
 
 Adjusted Book Value Attributable to Common Shareholders and Adjusted Operating ROE Attributable to Common Shareholders 
 
 We use Adjusted Operating Return on Equity ("ROE") Attributable to Common Shareholders to manage our business and evaluate our financial performance that: (i) excludes items that vary from period to period due to accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP or that are non-recurring in nature, as such items may distort the underlying performance of our business; and (ii) is calculated by dividing our Adjusted Operating Earnings by average Adjusted Book Value Attributable to Common Shareholders. 
 
 Adjusted Book Value Attributable to Common Shareholders excludes Preferred Stock and AOCI attributable to Jackson Financial, which does not include AOCI arising from investments held within the funds withheld account related to the Athene Reinsurance Transaction. 
 
 We exclude AOCI attributable to Jackson Financial from Adjusted Book Value Attributable to Common Shareholders because our invested assets are generally invested to closely match the duration of our liabilities, which are longer duration in nature, and therefore we believe period-to-period fair market value fluctuations in AOCI to be inconsistent with this objective. We believe excluding AOCI attributable to Jackson Financial is more useful to investors in analyzing trends in our business. Changes in AOCI within the funds withheld account related to the Athene Reinsurance Transaction offset the related non-operating earnings from the Athene Reinsurance Transaction resulting in a minimal net impact on Adjusted Book Value of Jackson Financial. 
 
 99 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

 Adjusted Book Value Attributable to Common Shareholders and Adjusted Operating ROE Attributable to Common Shareholders should not be used as substitutes for total shareholders equity and ROE as calculated using annualized net income and average equity in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, we believe the adjustments to equity and earnings are useful to gaining an understanding of our overall results of operations. 
 
 The following is a reconciliation of Adjusted Book Value Attributable to Common Shareholders to total shareholders equity and a comparison of Adjusted Operating ROE Attributable to Common Shareholders to ROE Attributable to Common Shareholders, the most comparable U.S. GAAP measure: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. common shareholders (480) 2,762 568 2,469 Adjusted Operating Earnings 350 315 1,094 869 Total shareholders' equity 10,698 9,478 10,698 9,478 Less: Preferred stock 533 533 533 533 Total common shareholders' equity 10,165 8,945 10,165 8,945 Adjustments to total common shareholders equity: Exclude AOCI attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. (1) 
 1,047 2,926 1,047 2,926 Adjusted Book Value Attributable to Common Shareholders 11,212 11,871 11,212 11,871 ROE Attributable to Common Shareholders (19.5) 129.5 7.8 38.9 Adjusted Operating ROE Attributable to Common Shareholders on average equity 12.3 11.8 13.0 11.6 (1) Excludes (1,336) million and (2,261) million related to the investments held within the funds withheld account related to the Athene Reinsurance Transaction as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are not attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. and are therefore not included as an adjustment to total shareholders equity in the reconciliation of Adjusted Book Value Attributable to Common Shareholders to total shareholders equity. 
 
 100 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, certain data from our Condensed Consolidated Income Statements. The information contained in the table below should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes elsewhere in this report: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Revenues Fee income 2,032 1,950 6,038 5,751 Premiums 31 32 106 109 Net investment income: Net investment income excluding funds withheld assets 457 458 1,384 1,248 Net investment income on funds withheld assets 269 303 824 862 Total net investment income 726 761 2,208 2,110 Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments: Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments 102 (335) (4,132) (5,173) Net gains (losses) on funds withheld reinsurance treaties (784) 159 (1,199) (648) Total net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments (682) (176) (5,331) (5,821) Other income 14 18 25 52 Total revenues 2,121 2,585 3,046 2,201 Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals 209 232 639 701 (Gain) loss from updating future policy benefits cash flow assumptions, net (1) (7) 23 Market risk benefits (gains) losses, net 1,172 (2,376) (2,062) (5,120) Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization 275 284 821 864 Interest expense 25 28 76 84 Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals 742 626 2,105 1,862 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 277 290 832 874 Total benefits and expenses 2,700 (917) 2,404 (712) Pretax income (loss) (579) 3,502 642 2,913 Income tax expense (benefit) (113) 712 24 399 Net income (loss) (466) 2,790 618 2,514 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 3 17 17 21 Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. (469) 2,773 601 2,493 Less: Dividends on preferred stock 11 11 33 24 Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. common shareholders (480) 2,762 568 2,469 
 
 101 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Pretax Income (Loss) 
 
 Our pretax income (loss) decreased by 4,081 million to (579) million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 3,502 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to: 
 
 3,548 million unfavorable movements in market risk benefits (gains) losses, primarily due to unfavorable interest rate movements, partially offset by favorable fund performance during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the prior year quarter; 
 506 million decrease in total net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments as shown in the table below and driven by: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance (in millions) Net gains (losses) excluding derivatives and funds withheld assets (45) (127) 82 Net gains (losses) on freestanding derivatives 587 (310) 897 Net gains (losses) on embedded derivatives (excluding funds withheld reinsurance) (440) 102 (542) Net gains (losses) on derivative instruments 147 (208) 355 Net gains (losses) on funds withheld reinsurance (784) 159 (943) Total net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments (682) (176) (506) 
 
 Embedded derivative movements were unfavorable primarily due to market increase impacts on our growing RILA block during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the prior year quarter; and 
 Losses recognized on funds withheld reinsurance were driven by a decrease in interest rates impacting the value of the embedded derivative during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to increases in interest rates during the three months ended September 30, 2023; 
 
 These losses were partially offset by: 
 
 Volumes of freestanding derivatives can vary significantly period over period and movements in those derivatives are subject to interest rate or market movements. The movements in interest rate hedges during the three months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily driven by a decrease in interest rates whereas the movements in interest rate hedges during the three months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily driven by an increase in interest rates. The movements in equity hedges during the three months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily driven by an increase in equity markets whereas the movement in equity hedges during the three months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily driven by a decrease in equity markets. 
 
 116 million increase in operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals, primarily due to an increase in incentive and deferred compensation expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and higher asset-based non-deferrable commissions, due to higher account values during the three months ended September 30, 2024; and 
 35 million decrease in net investment income as a result of lower income on bonds and lower income on funds withheld assets compared to prior year quarter; 
 
 These movements were partially offset by: 
 
 82 million increase in fee income primarily due to higher average separate account values compared to the prior year quarter; and 
 22 million decrease in death, other policy benefits, and change in policy reserves, net of (gain) loss from updating future policy benefits cash flow assumptions, primarily due to lower other policyholder benefits. 
 102 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

 Income Taxes 
 
 Income tax expense decreased 825 million to a benefit of 113 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from an expense of 712 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The provision for income tax in the current period led to an effective income tax rate ("ETR") of 19 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the ETR of 21 the three months ended September 30, 2023. The change in the ETR during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was due to the relationship of the taxable income to the consolidated pre-tax income. The ETR differs from the statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the dividends received deduction, utilization of foreign tax credits, and valuation allowance. See Note 15 - Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2023 Annual Report and Note 15 - Income Taxes of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this report for more information. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Pretax Income (Loss) 
 
 Our pretax income (loss) decreased by 2,271 million to 642 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 2,913 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to: 
 
 3,058 million unfavorable movements in market risk benefits (gains) losses, net, primarily due to less favorable movements in interest rates and equity volatility, partially offset by favorable fund performance in 2024 compared to the prior year; 
 243 million increase in operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals, primarily due to an increase in incentive and deferred compensation expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and higher asset-based non-deferrable commissions, due to higher account values during 2024, compared to the prior year period. 
 
 These movements were partially offset by: 
 
 490 million increase in total net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments as shown in the table below and driven by: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance (in millions) Net gains (losses) excluding derivatives and funds withheld assets (82) (235) 153 Net gains (losses) on freestanding derivatives (3,087) (4,811) 1,724 Net gains (losses) on embedded derivatives (excluding funds withheld reinsurance) (963) (127) (836) Net gains (losses) on derivative instruments (4,050) (4,938) 888 Net gains (losses) on funds withheld reinsurance (1,199) (648) (551) Total net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments (5,331) (5,821) 490 
 Embedded derivative movements were unfavorable primarily due to market increase impacts on our growing RILA block during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the prior year period; and 
 Higher losses recognized on funds withheld reinsurance were driven by the decrease in interest rates impacting the value of the embedded derivative during 2024, compared to an increase in interest rates in 2023; 
 These losses were partially offset by: 
 Volumes of freestanding derivatives can vary significantly period over period and movements in those derivatives are subject to interest rate or market movements. The movements in interest rate hedges during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily driven by a decrease in interest rates whereas the movements in interest rate hedges during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily driven by an increase in interest rates. The movements in equity hedges during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily driven by increases in equity markets whereas the movements in equity hedges during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily driven by a decrease in equity markets. 
 103 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

287 million increase in fee income primarily due to higher average separate account values compared to the prior year period; 
 98 million increase in net investment income as a result of higher income on limited partnership investments, which are recorded on a one quarter lag, and higher income on bonds, driven primarily by higher yields in 2024, compared to the prior year period, partially offset by higher investment expenses; 
 92 million decrease in death, other policy benefits, and change in policy reserves, net of (gain) loss from updating future policy benefits cash flow assumptions, primarily due to improved mortality and lower other policyholder benefits; and 
 43 million decrease in interest credited on contract holder funds, net of deferrals, primarily due to lower average fixed account balances in 2024, compared to the prior year. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Income tax expense decreased 375 million to an expense of 24 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from an expense of 399 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The provision for income tax in the current period led to an ETR of 4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the ETR of 14 the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in the ETR during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to the relationship of the taxable income to the consolidated pre-tax income. Our ETR differs from the statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the dividends received deduction, utilization of foreign tax credits and valuation allowance. See Note 15 - Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2023 Annual Report and Note 15 - Income Taxes of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this report for more information. 
 
 104 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Segment Results of Operations 

 Segment Results of Operations 
 
 We manage our business through three segments: Retail Annuities, Institutional Products, and Closed Life and Annuity Blocks. We report certain activities and items that are not included in these segments, including the results of PPM Holdings, Inc., the holding company of PPM, within Corporate and Other. The following tables and discussion represent an overall view of our results of operations for each segment. 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings by Segment 
 
 The following table summarizes pretax adjusted operating earnings (non-GAAP) from the Company's business segment operations and also provides a reconciliation of the segment measure to net income on a consolidated U.S. GAAP basis. Also, s ee Note 3 - Segment Information of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the calculation of pretax adjusted operating earnings: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings by Segment: Retail Annuities 458 354 1,342 1,038 Institutional Products 17 21 77 47 Closed Life and Annuity Blocks 7 6 61 (7) Corporate and Other (71) (26) (207) (116) Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 411 355 1,273 962 Pre-tax reconciling items from adjusted operating income to net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc.: Guaranteed benefits and hedging results: Fees attributable to guarantee benefit reserves 779 784 2,347 2,345 Net (gains) losses on hedging instruments 591 (271) (3,068) (4,694) Market risk benefits gains (losses), net (1,172) 2,376 2,062 5,120 Net reserve and embedded derivative movements (493) 45 (1,135) (338) Amortization of DAC associated with non-operating items at date of transition to LDTI (135) (148) (410) (450) Total guaranteed benefits and net hedging results (430) 2,786 (204) 1,983 Net realized investment gains (losses) (45) (127) (82) (235) Net realized investment gains (losses) on funds withheld assets (784) 159 (1,199) (648) Net investment income on funds withheld assets 269 303 824 862 Other items (3) 9 13 (32) Total pre-tax reconciling items (993) 3,130 (648) 1,930 Pretax income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. (582) 3,485 625 2,892 Income tax expense (benefit) (113) 712 24 399 Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. (469) 2,773 601 2,493 Dividends on preferred stock 11 11 33 24 Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. common shareholders (480) 2,762 568 2,469 
 
 105 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Segment Results of Operations 

 Retail Annuities 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, certain data underlying the pretax adjusted operating earnings results for our Retail Annuities segment. The information contained in the table below should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this report: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Retail Annuities: Operating Revenues Fee income 1,128 1,038 3,313 3,015 Premiums 12 6 34 16 Net investment income 196 110 514 317 Other income 8 9 25 28 Total Operating Revenues 1,344 1,163 3,886 3,376 Operating Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves 26 24 51 21 (Gain) loss from updating future policy benefits cash flow assumptions, net (12) (4) (26) (6) Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization 88 90 260 284 Interest expense 6 6 18 18 Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals 638 554 1,825 1,605 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 140 139 416 416 Total Operating Benefits and Expenses 886 809 2,544 2,338 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 458 354 1,342 1,038 
 
 The following table summarizes a roll-forward of activity affecting account value for our Retail Annuities segment for the periods indicated: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Retail Annuities Account Value: Balance as of beginning of period 247,213 227,266 235,465 209,967 Premiums and deposits 5,310 3,352 13,299 9,703 Surrenders, withdrawals, and benefits (7,783) (4,844) (21,534) (13,897) Net flows (2,473) (1,492) (8,235) (4,194) Investment performance 11,510 (7,198) 29,794 13,813 Change in value of equity option 440 (102) 964 123 Interest credited 88 89 260 284 Policy charges and other (750) (704) (2,220) (2,134) Balance as of end of period, net of ceded reinsurance 256,028 217,859 256,028 217,859 Ceded reinsurance 15,902 19,323 15,902 19,323 Balance as of end of period, gross of reinsurance 271,930 237,182 271,930 237,182 
 
 106 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Segment Results of Operations 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 
 
 Pretax adjusted operating earnings increased 104 million to 458 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 354 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to: 
 
 90 million increase in fee income primarily due to higher average separate account values compared to the prior year quarter; and 
 88 million increase in spread income primarily due to 86 million higher investment income and 2 million lower interest credited on contract holder funds compared to the prior year quarter. Investment income was driven by higher income on bonds due to higher asset balances earning higher yields in 2024, compared to the prior year quarter, partially offset by higher investment expenses related to repurchase agreements. 
 
 These increases were partially offset by: 
 
 84 million increase in operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals, primarily due to higher asset-based non-deferrable commissions, due to higher account values during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the prior year quarter, and an increase in incentive compensation expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 
 
 Pretax adjusted operating earnings increased 304 million to 1,342 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 1,038 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to: 
 
 298 million increase in fee income primarily due to higher average separate account values compared to the prior year period; and 
 221 million increase in spread income primarily due to 197 million higher investment income driven by higher income on bonds driven by higher asset balances earning higher yields in 2024, compared to the prior year period, partially offset by higher investment expenses related to repurchase agreements, and 24 million lower interest credited on contract holder funds compared to the prior year period. 
 
 These increases were partially offset by: 
 
 220 million increase in operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals, primarily due to higher asset-based non-deferrable commissions, due to higher account values during 2024, and an increase in incentive compensation expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Account Value 
 
 Retail annuities account value, net of reinsurance, increased 38.2 billion over the prior year period primarily due to positive variable annuity separate account returns driven by favorable market performance in 2024, as well as positive RILA and fixed annuity net flows over the period. 
 107 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Segment Results of Operations 

Institutional Products 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, certain data underlying the pretax adjusted operating earnings results for our Institutional Products segment. The information contained in the table below should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this report: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Institutional Products: Operating Revenues Net investment income 101 109 332 297 Total Operating Revenues 101 109 332 297 Operating Benefits and Expenses Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization 83 87 252 247 Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals 1 1 3 3 Total Operating Benefits and Expenses 84 88 255 250 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 17 21 77 47 
 
 The following table summarizes a roll-forward of activity affecting account value for our Institutional Products segment for the periods indicated: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Institutional Products: Balance as of beginning of period 7,299 8,887 8,406 9,019 Premiums and deposits 749 112 1,461 1,065 Surrenders, withdrawals, and benefits (250) (354) (2,177) (1,598) Net flows 499 (242) (716) (533) Interest credited 83 87 252 247 Policy Charges and other 48 (20) (13) (21) Balance as of end of period 7,929 8,712 7,929 8,712 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 
 
 Pretax adjusted operating earnings decreased 4 million to 17 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 21 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 4 million decrease in spread income primarily due to 8 million lower investment income, partially offset by 4 million lower interest credited on contract holder funds. 
 
 108 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Segment Results of Operations 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 
 
 Pretax adjusted operating earnings increased 30 million to 77 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 47 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 30 million increase in spread income primarily due to 35 million higher investment income, partially offset by 5 million higher interest credited on contract holder funds. 
 
 Account Value 
 
 Institutional product account value decreased from 8,712 million at September 30, 2023, to 7,929 million at September 30, 2024. The decrease in account value was driven by continued maturities of the existing contracts and funding agreements. 

Closed Life and Annuity Blocks 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, certain data underlying the pretax adjusted operating earnings results for our Closed Life and Annuity Blocks segment. The information contained in the table below should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this report: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Closed Life and Annuity Blocks: Operating Revenues Fee income 111 112 335 345 Premiums 22 30 80 102 Net investment income 155 161 486 489 Other income 7 8 21 18 Total Operating Revenues 295 311 922 954 Operating Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals 131 150 419 467 (Gain) loss from updating future policy benefits cash flow assumptions, net 11 4 17 31 Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization 104 107 309 333 Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals 40 41 110 122 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 2 3 6 8 Total Operating Benefits and Expenses 288 305 861 961 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 7 6 61 (7) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 
 
 Pretax adjusted operating earnings increased 1 million to 7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 12 million decrease in death, other policy benefits, and change in policy reserves, net of (gain) loss from updating future policy benefits cash flow assumptions, primarily due to lower other policyholder benefits, partially offset by an 8 million decrease in premiums. 
 
 109 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Segment Results of Operations 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 
 
 Pretax adjusted operating earnings increased 68 million to 61 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from (7) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to: 
 
 62 million decrease in death, other policy benefits, and change in policy reserves, net of (gain) loss from updating future policy benefits cash flow assumptions, primarily due to improved mortality and lower other policyholder benefits; and 
 24 million decrease in interest credited on contract holder funds related to persistency bonuses in 2023. 
 
 These increases were partially offset by: 
 
 22 million decrease in premiums as the closed block of life business continues to run off. 

Corporate and Other 
 
 Corporate and Other includes the operations of PPM Holdings, Inc., the parent holding company of PPM, and unallocated corporate revenue and expenses, as well as certain eliminations and consolidation adjustments. The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, certain data underlying the pretax adjusted operating earnings results for Corporate and Other. The information contained in the table below should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this report: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Corporate and Other: Operating Revenues Fee income 12 11 36 37 Net investment income 14 3 39 Other income (1) 1 (21) 6 Total Operating Revenues 11 26 18 82 Operating Benefits and Expenses Interest expense 19 22 58 66 Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals 63 30 167 132 Total Operating Benefits and Expenses 82 52 225 198 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings (71) (26) (207) (116) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 
 
 Pretax adjusted operating earnings decreased 45 million to (71) million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from (26) million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by a 33 million increase in operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals, due to increased deferred and incentive compensation expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and a 14 million decrease in net investment income. 
 
 110 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Segment Results of Operations 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 
 
 Pretax adjusted operating earnings decreased 91 million to (207) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from (116) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by to a 36 million decrease in net investment income, a 35 million increase in operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals, due to increased deferred and incentive compensation expenses, and a 27 million decrease in other income primarily due to a one-time reinsurance related adjustment. 

Investments 
 
 Our investment portfolio primarily consists of fixed-income securities and loans, publicly-traded corporate and government bonds, private securities and loans, asset-backed securities and mortgage loans. Asset-backed securities include mortgage-backed and other structured securities. The fair value of these and our other invested assets fluctuates depending on market and other general economic conditions and the interest rate environment and is affected by other economic factors. 
 
 Investment Strategy 
 
 Our overall investment strategy seeks to maintain a diversified and largely investment grade fixed income portfolio that is capital efficient, achieves risk-adjusted returns that support competitive pricing for our products, generates profitable growth of our business and maintains adequate liquidity to support our obligations. We utilize repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions as a part of our overall portfolio management program to assist with collateral requirements associated with our hedging program and other liquidity needs of our insurance subsidiaries. 
 
 Our investment program seeks to generate a competitive rate of return on our invested assets to support the profitable growth of our business, while maintaining investment portfolio allocations within the Company s risk tolerance. This means maximizing risk-adjusted return within the context of a largely fixed income portfolio while also managing exposure to downside risk in a stressed environment, regulatory and rating agency capital models, overall portfolio yield, diversification and correlation with other investments and company exposures. 
 
 The investments within our investment portfolio are primarily managed by PPM, our wholly-owned registered investment advisor. Our investment strategy benefits from PPM s ability to originate investments directly, as well as participate in transactions originated by banks, investment banks, commercial finance companies and other intermediaries. Certain investments held in funds withheld accounts for reinsurance transactions are managed by Apollo Insurance Solutions Group LP ("Apollo"), an Athene affiliate. See Note 8 - Reinsurance of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further details . We may also use other third-party investment managers for certain niche asset classes. As of September 30, 2024, Apollo managed 14.7 billion of cash and investments and other third-party investment managers managed approximately 242 million of investments. 
 
 Our Investment Committee has specified a target strategic asset allocation SAA that is designed to deliver the highest expected return within a defined risk tolerance while meeting other important objectives such as those mentioned in the prior paragraph. The fixed income portion of the SAA is assessed relative to a customized index of public corporate bonds that represents a close approximation of the maturity profile of our liabilities and a credit quality mix that is consistent with our risk tolerance. PPM s objective is to outperform this index on a number of measures including portfolio yield, total return and capital loss due to downgrades and defaults. While PPM has access to a broad universe of potential investments, we believe grounding the investment program with a customized public corporate index that can be easily tracked and monitored helps guide PPM in meeting the risk and return expectations and assists with performance evaluation. 
 
 111 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Investments 

 Recognizing the trade-offs between the level of risk, required capital, liquidity and investment return, the largest allocation within our investment portfolio is to investment grade fixed income securities. As previously mentioned, our investment manager accesses a broad universe of potential investments to construct the investment portfolio and considers the benefits of diversification across various sectors, collateral types and asset classes. To this end, our SAA and investment portfolio includes allocations to public and private corporate bonds (both investment grade and high yield), mortgage loans, structured securities, private equity and U.S. Treasury securities. These U.S. Treasury securities, while lower yielding than other alternatives, provide a higher level of liquidity and play a role in managing our interest rate exposure. 
 
 Portfolio Composition 
 
 The following table summarizes the carrying values of our investments: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Investments excluding Funds Withheld Funds Withheld Total Investments excluding Funds Withheld Funds Withheld Total (in millions) Debt Securities, available-for-sale, net of allowance for credit losses 31,945 10,344 42,289 28,896 11,526 40,422 Debt Securities, at fair value under fair value option 2,782 155 2,937 2,037 116 2,153 Debt securities, trading, at fair value 73 73 68 68 Equity securities, at fair value 65 148 213 243 151 394 Mortgage loans, net of allowance for credit losses 6,906 2,658 9,564 7,015 3,067 10,082 Mortgage loans, at fair value under fair value option 432 432 481 481 Policy loans 905 3,548 4,453 928 3,471 4,399 Freestanding derivative instruments 290 5 295 375 15 390 Other invested assets 1,995 752 2,747 1,757 709 2,466 Total investments 44,961 18,042 63,003 41,319 19,536 60,855 
 
 Available-for-sale debt securities increased to 42,289 million at September 30, 2024, from 40,422 million at December 31, 2023. The amortized cost of available-for-sale debt securities increased to 45,536 million as of September 30, 2024, from 44,843 million as of December 31, 2023. Further, net unrealized losses, after adjusting for allowance for credit loss, were 3,203 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 4,401 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Other Invested Assets 
 
 Other invested assets increased to 2,747 million at September 30, 2024 from 2,466 million at December 31, 2023 . 

112 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Investments 

 Debt Securities 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amortized cost, allowance for credit loss, gross unrealized gains and losses, and fair value of debt securities, including trading securities and securities carried at fair value under the fair value option, were as follows (in millions): 
 
 September 30, 2024 Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Loss Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value U.S. government securities 4,231 5 787 3,449 Other government securities 1,530 2 192 1,340 Corporate securities Utilities 5,743 16 79 393 5,413 Energy 3,202 43 212 3,033 Banking 2,599 53 100 2,552 Healthcare 3,447 42 287 3,202 Finance/Insurance 4,856 8 77 315 4,610 Technology/Telecom 2,227 1 17 164 2,079 Consumer goods 2,401 31 244 2,188 Industrial 1,786 26 84 1,728 Capital goods 1,911 27 107 1,831 Real estate 1,649 19 104 1,564 Media 1,052 9 100 961 Transportation 1,419 14 132 1,301 Retail 1,276 12 110 1,178 Other (1) 
 2,577 35 79 2,533 Total Corporate Securities 36,145 25 484 2,431 34,173 Residential mortgage-backed 392 4 13 68 333 Commercial mortgage-backed 1,691 4 87 1,608 Other asset-backed securities 4,557 15 25 171 4,396 Total Debt Securities 48,546 44 533 3,736 45,299 (1) No single remaining industry exceeds 3 of the portfolio. 

113 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Investments 

 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Loss Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value U.S. government securities 5,154 3 845 4,312 Other government securities 1,622 1 221 1,402 Corporate securities Utilities 5,598 42 513 5,127 Energy 2,946 24 272 2,698 Banking 2,204 1 23 148 2,078 Healthcare 2,985 20 338 2,667 Finance/Insurance 4,392 13 31 429 3,981 Technology/Telecom 2,058 1 10 191 1,876 Consumer goods 2,395 21 285 2,131 Industrial 1,609 14 112 1,511 Capital goods 1,838 14 127 1,725 Real estate 1,572 6 153 1,425 Media 1,082 4 109 977 Transportation 1,381 7 157 1,231 Retail 1,197 6 132 1,071 Other (1) 
 2,211 14 119 2,106 Total Corporate Securities 33,468 15 236 3,085 30,604 Residential mortgage-backed 422 6 12 53 375 Commercial mortgage-backed 1,569 1 147 1,423 Other asset-backed securities 4,830 6 309 4,527 Total Debt Securities 47,065 21 259 4,660 42,643 (1) No single remaining industry exceeds 3 of the portfolio. 

Evaluation of Available-For-Sale Debt Securities 
 
 See Note 4 - Investments of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for information about how we evaluate our available-for-sale debt securities for credit loss. 
 
 Equity Securities 
 
 Equity securities consist of investments in common and preferred stock holdings and mutual fund investments. Common and preferred stock investments generally arise out of previous private equity investments or other settlements rather than direct investments. Mutual fund investments typically represent investments made in our own mutual funds to seed those structures for external issuance at a later date. The following table summarizes our holdings: 
 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (in millions) Common Stock 17 17 Preferred Stock 172 175 Mutual Funds 24 202 Total 213 394 
 
 Mortgage Loans 
 
 At September 30, 2024, commercial mortgage loans were collateralized by properties located in 36 states, the District of Columbia, and Europe. Residential mortgage loans were collateralized by properties located in 49 states, the District of Columbia, Mexico, and Europe. 

114 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Investments 

 The table below presents the carrying value, net of allowance of credit loss, of our mortgage loans by property type: 
 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (in millions) Commercial: Apartment 2,515 2,841 Hotel 821 767 Office 1,302 1,379 Retail 1,830 1,864 Warehouse 2,053 2,016 Other 593 695 Total Commercial (1) 
 9,114 9,562 Residential (2) 
 882 1,001 Total 9,996 10,563 
 
 (1) N et of an allowance for credit losses of 143 million and 160 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Net of an allowance for credit losses of 5 million and 5 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The table below presents the carrying value, net of allowance for credit loss, of our mortgage loans by region: 
 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (in millions) United States: East North Central 960 1,024 East South Central 512 502 Middle Atlantic 1,399 1,481 Mountain 478 531 New England 274 287 Pacific 2,248 2,500 South Atlantic 2,119 2,147 West North Central 578 593 West South Central 1,062 992 Total United States 9,630 10,057 Foreign 366 506 Total 9,996 10,563 

115 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Investments 

 The following table provides information about the credit quality of our mortgage loans: 
 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (in millions) Commercial mortgage loans Loan to value ratios: Less than 70 7,607 8,604 70 - 80 1,054 711 80 - 100 362 196 Greater than 100 91 51 Total 9,114 9,562 Residential mortgage loans Performing 777 911 Nonperforming (1) 
 105 90 Total 882 1,001 Total mortgage loans 9,996 10,563 
 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, includes 18 million and 22 million of loans purchased when the loans were greater than 90 days delinquent and 3 million and 5 million of loans in process of foreclosure, respectively, and are supported with insurance or other guarantees provided by various governmental programs. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the allowance for credit losses related to our mortgage loans: 
 
 September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Balance at beginning of year 165 95 Charge offs, net of recoveries (3) Provision (release) (1) 
 (14) 105 Balance at end of period 148 200 
 
 (1) At September 30, 2023, the 105 million allowance for credit losses are primarily from two mezzanine loans experiencing stress around payoff, or refinance, of the loans for which the Company continues to assess options with the lending group and borrowers. 
 
 The Company s mortgage loans that are current and in good standing are accruing interest. Interest is not accrued on loans greater than 90 days delinquent and in process of foreclosure, when deemed uncollectible. Delinquency status is determined from the date of the first missed contractual payment. Accrued interest amounting to 1 million and 2 million were written off as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, relating to loans that were greater than 90 days delinquent or in the process of foreclosure. 
 
 The following table provides information about our impaired residential mortgage loans (in millions): 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Recorded investment 32 24 Unpaid principal balance 36 27 Related loan allowance 2 1 Average recorded investment 29 19 Investment income recognized 1 

116 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Investments 

 Derivative Instruments 
 
 Note 5 Derivative Instruments of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements presents the aggregate contractual or notional amounts and the fair values of our freestanding and embedded derivatives instruments as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Evaluation of Invested Assets 
 
 We perform regular evaluations of our invested assets. On a monthly basis, management identifies those investments that may require additional monitoring and carefully reviews the carrying value of such investments to determine whether specific investments should be placed on a non-accrual status and if an allowance for credit loss is required. In making these reviews, management principally considers the adequacy of any collateral, compliance with contractual covenants, the borrower s recent financial performance, news reports and other externally generated information concerning the borrower s affairs. In the case of publicly traded bonds, management also considers market value quotations, where available. For mortgage loans, management generally considers information concerning the mortgaged property, including factors impacting the current and expected payment status of the loan and, if available, the current fair value of the underlying collateral. For investments in partnerships, management reviews the financial statements and other information provided by the general partners. 
 
 To determine an allowance for credit loss, we consider a security s forecasted cash flows as well as the severity of depressed fair values. Investment income is not accrued on securities in default and otherwise where the collection is uncertain. Subsequent receipts of interest on such securities are generally used to reduce the cost basis of the securities. The provisions for impairment on mortgage loans are based on losses expected by management to be realized on transfers of mortgage loans to real estate, on the disposition and settlement of mortgage loans and on mortgage loans that management believes may not be collectible in full. Accrual of interest on mortgage loans is generally suspended when principal or interest payments on mortgage loans are past due more than 90 days. Interest is then accounted for on a cash basis. 

Policy and Contract Liabilities 
 
 We establish, and carry as liabilities, actuarially determined amounts that are calculated to meet policy obligations or to provide for future annuity payments. Amounts for actuarial liabilities are computed and reported on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. For more details on Policyholder Liabilities, see "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates included in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 Our policy and contract liabilities includes separate account liabilities, reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable and other contract holder funds. As of September 30, 2024, 90 of our policy and contract liabilities were in our Retail Annuities segment, 3 were in our Institutional Products segment and 7 were in our Closed Life and Annuity Blocks segment. 
 
 117 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Policy and Contract Liabilities 

 The tables below represent a breakdown of our policy and contract liabilities: 
 
 September 30, 2024 Separate Accounts Reserves for future policy benefits Other contract holder funds Market Risk Benefits Total (in millions) Variable Annuities 234,736 7,509 (3,300) 238,945 RILA (1) 
 10,250 11 10,261 Fixed Annuities 9,593 1 9,594 Fixed Index Annuities (2) 
 8,990 50 9,040 Payout Annuities 1,143 852 1,995 Other Annuities 216 216 Total Retail Annuities 234,952 1,143 37,194 (3,238) 270,051 Total Institutional Products 7,929 7,929 Total Closed Life and Annuity Blocks 85 9,007 12,047 7 21,146 Total Policy and Contract Liabilities 235,037 10,150 57,170 (3,231) 299,126 Claims payable and other 1,393 164 1,557 Total 235,037 11,543 57,334 (3,231) 300,683 
 
 December 31, 2023 Separate Accounts Reserves for future policy benefits Other contract holder funds Market Risk Benefits Total (in millions) Variable Annuities 219,381 8,396 (2,000) 225,777 RILA (1) 
 5,219 3 5,222 Fixed Annuities 9,736 1 9,737 Fixed Index Annuities (2) 
 10,243 37 10,280 Payout Annuities 1,090 860 1,950 Other Annuities 198 198 Total Retail Annuities 219,579 1,090 34,454 (1,959) 253,164 Total Institutional Products 8,406 8,406 Total Closed Life and Annuity Blocks 77 9,362 12,291 7 21,737 Total Policy and Contract Liabilities 219,656 10,452 55,151 (1,952) 283,307 Claims payable and other 1,446 168 1,614 Total 219,656 11,898 55,319 (1,952) 284,921 
 
 (1) Includes the embedded derivative liabilities in other contract holder funds related to RILA of 2,799 million and 1,224 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Includes the embedded derivative liabilities related to fixed index annuity in other contract holder funds of 825 million and 866 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 118 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Policy and Contract Liabilities 

 As of September 30, 2024: 
 
 235 billion or 79 of our policy and contract liabilities were backed by separate account assets. These separate account assets backed reserves primarily related to our variable annuities. Separate account liabilities are fully funded by cash flows from the customer s corresponding separate account assets and are set equal to the fair value of such invested assets. 
 48 billion of our policy and contract liabilities were backed by our investment portfolio. 
 16.1 billion of our policy and contract liabilities were reinsured by Athene and backed by funds withheld assets. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, 94 of fixed annuity, fixed-indexed annuity, and the fixed accounts of RILA and variable annuity correspond to crediting rates that are at the guaranteed minimum crediting rate. We have the discretion, subject to contractual limitations and minimums, to reset the crediting terms on the majority of our fixed index annuities and fixed annuities. 
 
 See Note 9 - Reserves for Future Policy Benefits and Claims Payable, Note 10 - Other Contract Holder Funds, Note 11 - Separate Account Assets and Liabilities, and Note 12 - Market Risk Benefits of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on accounting policies around Reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable, Other contract holder funds, Separate account assets and liabilities and MRBs. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity is our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the cash requirements of operating, investing and financing activities. Capital refers to our long-term financial resources available to support the business operations and contribute to future growth. Our ability to generate and maintain sufficient liquidity and capital depends on the profitability of the businesses, timing of cash flows on investments and products, general economic conditions and access to the capital markets and alternate sources of liquidity and capital described herein. 
 
 The discussion below describes our liquidity and capital resources for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table presents a summary of our cash flow activity for the periods set forth below: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 4,268 3,676 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (4,321) (685) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 423 (4,527) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 370 (1,536) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 2,691 4,301 Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 3,061 2,765 
 
 Cash flows from Operating Activities 
 
 The principal operating cash inflows from our insurance activities come from insurance premiums, fees charged on our products and net investment income. The principal operating cash outflows are the result of the payment of annuity and life insurance benefits, operating expenses and income tax , as well as interest expense. The primary liquidity concern with respect to these cash flows is the risk of earlier than expected contract holder and policyholder benefit payments. 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities increased 592 million to 4,268 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 3,676 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due to the timing of settlements of receivables and payables. 
 119 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash flows from Investing Activities 
 
 The principal cash inflows from our investment activities come from repayments of principal, proceeds from maturities and sales of investments, as well as settlements of freestanding derivatives. The principal cash outflows relate to purchases of investments and settlements of freestanding derivatives. It is not unusual to have a net cash outflow from investing activities because cash inflows from insurance operations are typically reinvested to fund insurance liabilities. We closely monitor and manage these risks through our comprehensive investment risk management process. The primary liquidity concerns with respect to these cash flows are the risk of default by debtors or market disruptions that might impact the timing of investment related cash flows as well as derivative collateral needs, which could result in material liquidity needs for our insurance subsidiaries. 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities decreased 3,636 million to (4,321) million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from (685) million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily driven by increased purchases of debt securities, primarily driven by increased RILA and fixed annuity issuances in 2024, partially offset by lower outflows related to our hedging program for derivative settlements and collateral. 
 
 Cash flows from Financing Activities 
 
 The principal cash inflows from our financing activities come from deposits of funds associated with policyholder account balances, issuance of securities and lending of securities. The principal cash outflows come from withdrawals associated with policyholder account balances, repayment of debt, and the return of securities on loan. The primary liquidity concerns with respect to these cash flows are market disruption and the risk of early policyholder withdrawal. 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities increased 4,950 million to 423 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from (4,527) million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to higher deposits from increased RILA and fixed sales in 2024 in addition to higher proceeds from repurchase agreements in 2024, partially offset by the proceeds we received in the prior year period from the issuance of our preferred stock. 

Statutory Capital 
 
 Our insurance company subsidiaries have statutory surplus above the level needed to meet current regulatory requirements. RBC requirements are used as minimum capital requirements by the NAIC and the state insurance departments to identify companies that merit regulatory action. RBC is based on a formula that incorporates both factor-based components (applied to various asset, premium, and statutory reserve items) and model-based components. The formula takes into account the risk characteristics of the insurer, including asset risk, insurance risk, interest rate risk, market risk and business risk, and is calculated on an annual basis. The formula is used as an early warning regulatory tool to identify possible inadequately capitalized insurers for purposes of initiating regulatory action, and not to rank insurers generally. As of September 30, 2024, our insurance companies were well in excess of the minimum required capital levels. 
 
 With the execution of the Brooke Re transaction in the first quarter of 2024, we are able to largely moderate the impact of the cash surrender value floor going forward. In the past, our statutory TAC (total adjusted capital) may have been negatively impacted by minimum required reserving levels i.e. , cash surrender value floor) when reserve releases were limited and unable to offset losses from our hedging program. 
 
 120 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Holding Company Liquidity 
 
 As a holding company with no business operations of its own, Jackson Financial primarily derives cash flows from dividends and interest payments from its insurance subsidiaries. These principal sources of liquidity are expected to be supplemented by cash and short-term investments held by Jackson Financial, and access to bank lines of credit and the capital markets. We intend to maintain a minimum amount of cash and highly liquid securities at Jackson Financial adequate to fund two years of holding company fixed net expenses, which is currently targeted at 250 million but may change over time as we refinance existing debt or make changes to our debt and capital structure. The main uses of liquidity for Jackson Financial are interest payments and debt repayment, holding company operating expenses, payment of dividends and other distributions to shareholders, which may include stock repurchases, and capital contributions, if needed, to our insurance company subsidiaries. Our principal sources of liquidity and our anticipated capital position are described in the following paragraphs. 
 
 Any declaration of cash dividends or stock repurchases is at the discretion of JFI s Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, earnings, liquidity and capital requirements, regulatory constraints, level of indebtedness, preferred stock and other contractual restrictions with respect to paying cash dividends or repurchasing stock, restrictions imposed by Delaware law, general business conditions and any other factors that JFI s Board of Directors deems relevant in making any such determination. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will pay any cash dividends to holders of our stock or approve any further increase in the existing, or any new, common stock repurchase program, or no assurance as to the amount of any such cash dividends or stock repurchases. 
 
 Under Delaware law, dividends may be paid, or stock may be repurchased out of surplus, or out of the current or the immediately preceding year's earnings. Surplus is defined as the fair market value of net assets minus stated capital. JFI is a holding company and has no direct operations. All of our business operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. Any dividends we pay, or stock repurchases we make will depend upon the funds legally available for distribution, including dividends or distributions from our subsidiaries to us. The states in which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled impose certain restrictions on our insurance subsidiaries ability to pay dividends to their parent companies. See Distributions from our Insurance Company Subsidiaries below for a discussion of those restrictions . Such restrictions, or any future restrictions adopted by the states in which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled, could have the effect, under certain circumstances, of significantly reducing dividends or other amounts payable by our subsidiaries without affirmative approval of state regulatory authorities. See Risk Factors Risks relating to Financing and Liquidity - As a holding company, Jackson Financial depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other distributions to meet its obligations and liquidity needs, including servicing debt, dividend payments and stock repurchases in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 On March 13, 2023, the Company issued and sold depositary shares representing interests in our Fixed-Rate Reset Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A. After underwriting discounts and expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately 533 million. See Note 19 - Equity of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information, including restrictions on common stock dividends and repurchases if a quarterly dividend on preferred stock is not declared and paid. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we paid a cash dividend of 0.50 per depositary share and 0.70 per share on JFI's preferred and common stock totaling 11 million and 54 million, respectively. On November 1, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a cash dividend for the fourth quarter on JFI's common stock, 0.70 per share, payable on December 19, 2024, to common shareholders of record on December 5, 2024. The Company also announced the declaration of a cash dividend of 0.50 per depositary share, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of Fixed-Rate Reset Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A. The dividend will be payable on December 30, 2024, to preferred shareholders of record at the close of business on December 5, 2024. 
 121 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On August 1, 2024, our Board of Directors authorized an increase of 750 million in our existing authorization to repurchase shares of our outstanding common stock as part of the Company's share repurchase program. 
 
 We repurchased a total of 1,352,821 shares and 4,804,666 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 113 million and 319 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which were funded with cash on hand. 
 
 See Note 19 - Equity of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this report for further information on dividends to shareholders and share repurchases . 
 
 At a holding company level, Jackson Financial has recorded a decrease of 94 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 resulting in an estimated liability and deferred tax balance of nil for provision of the Federal corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT ), based on the Company's interpretation of available guidance, as of September 30, 2024. At the JFI Consolidated level, an estimated 7 million was recorded with an offsetting deferred tax asset of 7 million of credit carryover which will reduce future tax liabilities. 
 
 Distributions from our Insurance Company Subsidiaries 
 
 The ability of our insurance company subsidiaries to pay dividends is limited by applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdictions where such subsidiaries are domiciled as well as agreements entered into with regulators. These laws and regulations require, among other things, our insurance company subsidiaries to maintain minimum solvency requirements and limit the amount of dividends these subsidiaries can pay. 
 
 Subject to these limitations, our insurance company subsidiaries are permitted to pay ordinary dividends based on calculations specified under insurance laws of the relevant state of domicile, subject to prior notification to the appropriate regulatory agency. Any distributions above the amount permitted by statute in any twelve-month period are considered extraordinary dividends, and the approval of the appropriate regulator is required prior to payment. In Michigan, the Director of the Michigan Department of Insurance and Financial Services (the Michigan Director of Insurance) may limit, or not permit, the payment of dividends from either Jackson or Brooke Life, Jackson's direct parent company, if it determines that the surplus of either of these subsidiaries is not reasonable in relation to their outstanding liabilities and is not adequate to meet their financial needs, as required by the Michigan Insurance Code of 1956. Unless otherwise approved by the Michigan Director of Insurance, dividends may only be paid from earned surplus. Also, surplus note arrangements and interest payments must be approved by the Michigan Director of Insurance and such interest payments to related parties reduce the otherwise calculated ordinary dividend capacity for that period. In New York, all dividends require approval from the New York State Department of Financial Services. 
 
 For 2024, ordinary dividend capacity for Jackson and Brooke Life is based on the greater of 10 of 2023 reported statutory capital and surplus or statutory net gain from operations. This capacity is then reduced by cumulative dividends and other capital distributions in the preceding 12 months, subject to the availability of earned surplus. As a result of cumulative dividends and other capital distributions occurring in the preceding 12 months as of September 30, 2024, including the January 2024 distributions to establish Brooke Re, future dividends from both Jackson and Brooke Life are expected to be classified as extraordinary. There is a process within the Michigan Insurance Code to request extraordinary dividends that the companies have utilized previously. Brooke Life, as the sole owner of Jackson and Brooke Re, is the direct recipient of any dividend payments from those subsidiaries and must make dividend payments to its ultimate parent company, Jackson Financial, in order for any funds from our insurance company subsidiaries to reach Jackson Financial. 
 
 122 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 The maximum distribution permitted by law or contract is not necessarily indicative of an insurer s actual ability to pay such distributions, which may be constrained by business and other considerations, such as imposition of withholding tax, the impact of such distributions on surplus, which could affect the insurer s credit and financial strength ratings or competitive position, the ability to generate new annuity sales and the ability to pay future dividends or make other distributions. Further, state insurance laws and regulations require that the statutory surplus of our insurance subsidiaries following any dividend or distribution must be reasonable in relation to their outstanding liabilities and adequate for the insurance subsidiaries financial needs. Along with solvency regulations, another primary consideration in determining the amount of capital used for dividends is the level of capital needed to maintain desired financial strength ratings from rating agencies, including A.M. Best, S P, Moody s and Fitch. Given recent economic events that have affected the insurance industry, both regulators and rating agencies could become more conservative in their methodology and criteria, including increasing capital requirements for insurance company subsidiaries. We believe our insurance company subsidiaries have sufficient statutory capital and surplus to maintain their desired financial strength ratings. 
 
 In connection with the formation of Brooke Re, Jackson remitted a 1,920 million return of capital to its parent company, Brooke Life, in the first quarter of 2024. Brooke Life subsequently made a 1,870 million capital contribution to its subsidiary, Brooke Re. 
 
 On June 20, 2024, Jackson paid a 250 million extraordinary dividend to its parent company, Brooke Life. Brooke Life subsequently remitted a 250 million return of capital to its ultimate parent, Jackson Financial. In addition, for the three months ended March 31, 2024, Brooke Life paid 45 million of interest associated with the 2 billion surplus note between Brooke Life and Jackson Finance, LLC ("Jackson Finance"), a subsidiary of Jackson Financial. 
 
 On September 12, 2024, Jackson paid a 300 million extraordinary dividend to its parent company, Brooke Life. Brooke Life subsequently remitted a 255 million return of capital to its ultimate parent, Jackson Financial. In addition, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, Brooke Life paid 45 million of interest associated with the 2 billion surplus note between Brooke Life and Jackson Finance. 
 
 Insurance Company Subsidiaries Liquidity 
 
 The liquidity requirements for our insurance company subsidiaries primarily relate to the liabilities associated with their insurance and reinsurance activities, operating expenses and income taxes. Liabilities arising from insurance and reinsurance activities include the payment of policyholder benefits when due, cash payments in connection with policy surrenders and withdrawals and policy loans. 
 
 Liquidity requirements are principally for purchases of new investments, management of derivative-related margin requirements, repayment of principal and interest on debt, payments of interest on surplus notes, funding of insurance product liabilities including payments for policy benefits, surrenders, maturities and new policy loans, funding of expenses including payment of commissions, operating expenses and taxes. As of September 30, 2024, Jackson s outstanding surplus notes and bank debt included 52 million of bank loans from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis ("FHLBI"), collateralized by mortgage-related securities and mortgage loans and 250 million of surplus notes maturing in 2027. 
 
 Significant increases in interest rates could create sudden increases in surrender and withdrawal requests by customers and contract holders and result in increased liquidity requirements at our insurance company subsidiaries. Significant increases in interest rates or equity markets may also result in higher margin and collateral requirements on our derivative portfolio. The derivative contracts are an integral part of our risk management program, especially for the management of our variable annuities program, and are managed in accordance with our hedging and risk management program. Our cash flows associated with collateral received from counterparties and posted with counterparties fluctuates with changes in the market value of the underlying derivative contract and/or the market value of the collateral. The net collateral position depends on changes in interest rates and equity markets related to the amount of the exposures hedged. Collateral posting requirements can result in material liquidity needs for our insurance subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2024, we were in a net collateral payable position of 124 million, which is down from 780 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 123 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Other factors that are not directly related to interest rates can also give rise to an increase in liquidity requirements including, changes in ratings from rating agencies, general policyholder concerns relating to the life insurance industry (e.g., the unexpected default of a large, unrelated life insurer) and competition from other products, including non-insurance products such as mutual funds, certificates of deposit and newly developed investment products. Most of the life insurance and annuity products Jackson offers permit the policyholder or contract holder to withdraw or borrow funds or surrender cash values. As of September 30, 2024, 100 of our RILA policy and contract liabilities were subject to surrender charges of at least 5 or at market value in the event of discretionary withdrawal by customers. Further, approximately half of Jackson s general account reserves are not surrenderable, included surrender charges greater than 5 , or included market value adjustments to discourage early withdrawal of policy and contract funds as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The liquidity sources for our insurance company subsidiaries include their cash, short-term investments, sales of publicly-traded bonds, insurance premiums, fees charged on their products, sales of annuities and institutional products, investment income, commercial repurchase agreements and utilization of a short-term borrowing facility with the FHLBI. 
 
 Jackson uses a variety of asset liability management techniques to provide for the orderly provision of cash flow from investments and other sources as policies and contracts mature in accordance with their normal terms. Jackson s principal sources of liquidity to meet unexpected cash outflows associated with sudden and severe increases in surrenders and withdrawals or benefit payments are its portfolio of liquid assets and its net operating cash flows. As of September 30, 2024, the portfolio of cash, short-term investments and privately and publicly traded securities and equities that are unencumbered and unrestricted to sale, amounted to 26.3 billion. 

Our Indebtedness 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 In November 2021 and June 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,350 million principal amount of its senior notes, shown as Long-term debt on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The proceeds of the note issuances were used, together with cash on hand, to retire the Company s previously outstanding term loans. 600 million of these notes matured on November 22, 2023, and were paid with cash on hand at maturity. 
 
 Revolving Credit and Short-Term Borrowing Facilities 
 
 On February 24, 2023, the Company entered into a revolving credit facility (the "2023 Revolving Credit Facility") with a syndicate of banks and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility replaced an existing revolving credit facility that was due to expire in February 2024. The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility provides for borrowings for working capital and other general corporate purposes under aggregate commitments of 1.0 billion, with a sub-limit of 500 million available for letters of credit. The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility further provides for the ability to request, subject to customary terms and conditions, an increase in commitments thereunder by up to an additional 500 million. Commitments under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility terminate on February 24, 2028. Interest on borrowings may be based on a Base Rate (as defined in the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility) plus an adder ranging from 0.125 to 0.875 , or a Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility) plus an adder ranging from 1.125 to 1.875 . The applicable adder is based upon the ratings assigned to the Company s senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced debt. See Note 13 Long-Term Debt of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding Financial maintenance covenants contained in the credit agreement. We were in compliance with these covenants at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Jackson is a party to an Uncommitted Money Market Line Credit Agreement dated April 6, 2023, among Jackson, Jackson Financial, and Soci t G n rale. This agreement is an uncommitted short-term cash advance facility that provides an additional form of liquidity to Jackson and to Jackson Financial. The aggregate borrowing capacity under the agreement is 500 million and each cash advance request must be at least 100 thousand. The interest rate is set by the lender at the time of the borrowing and is fixed for the duration of the advance. Jackson and Jackson Financial are jointly and severally liable to repay any advance under the agreement, which must be repaid prior to the last day of the quarter in which the advance was drawn. 
 
 124 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Surplus Notes 
 
 On March 15, 1997, our subsidiary, Jackson, issued 8.2 surplus notes in the principal amount of 250 million due March 15, 2027. These surplus notes are unsecured and subordinated to all present and future indebtedness, policy claims and other creditor claims and may not be redeemed at the option of the Company or any holder prior to maturity. Interest is payable semi-annually on March 15th and September 15th of each year. Interest expense on the notes was 5 million and 15 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively and interest expense on the notes was 6 million and 18 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Under Michigan insurance law, for statutory reporting purposes, the surplus notes are not part of the legal liabilities of Jackson and are considered surplus funds. Payments of interest or principal may only be made with the prior approval of the Michigan Director of Insurance and only out of surplus earnings that the Director determines to be available for such payments under Michigan insurance law. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank 
 
 Jackson is a member of the regional FHLBI primarily for the purpose of participating in its collateralized loan advance program with funding facilities. Membership requires us to purchase and hold a minimum amount of FHLBI capital stock, plus additional stock based on outstanding advances. Advances are in the form of either notes or funding agreements issued to FHLBI. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Jackson held a bank loan with an outstanding balance of 52 million and 57 million, respectively. 
 
 Collateral Upgrade Transactions 
 
 During the first quarter of 2024, Jackson executed certain paired repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions collateral upgrade transactions) totaling 1.5 billion pursuant to master repurchase agreements with participating bank counterparties. Under these collateral upgrade transactions, the Company lends securities (e.g., corporate debt securities or other securities agreed upon between the parties) to bank counterparties in exchange for U.S. Treasury securities that the Company then uses to provide as collateral. The paired repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions are settled on a net basis in accordance with master netting agreements. As a result, there was no cash exchanged at initiation of these agreements. The paired transactions are reported net within the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. These transactions do not have a stated maturity and require at least 150-days' notice prior to termination. 

Financial Strength Ratings 
 
 Our access to funding and our related cost of borrowing, the attractiveness of certain of our subsidiaries products to customers, our attractiveness as a reinsurer to potential ceding companies and requirements for derivatives collateral posting are affected by our credit ratings and financial strength ratings, which are periodically reviewed by the rating agencies. Financial strength ratings and credit ratings are important factors affecting consumer confidence in an insurer and its competitive position in marketing products as well as critical factors considered by ceding companies in selecting a reinsurer. 
 
 Our principal insurance company subsidiaries are rated by A.M. Best, S P, Moody s and Fitch. Financial strength ratings represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding the financial ability of an insurer or reinsurer to meet its obligations under an insurance policy or reinsurance arrangement and generally involve quantitative and qualitative evaluations by rating agencies of a company s financial condition and operating performance. Generally, rating agencies base their financial strength ratings upon information furnished to them by the company and upon their own investigations, studies and assumptions. Financial strength ratings are based upon factors of concern to customers, distribution partners and ceding companies and are not directed toward the protection of investors. Financial strength ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of the rating organization. 
 125 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of November 1, 2024, the financial strength ratings of our principal insurance subsidiaries were as follows : 
 
 Company A.M. Best Fitch Moody s S P Jackson National Life Insurance Company Rating A A A3 A Outlook stable stable stable stable Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York Rating A A A3 A Outlook stable stable stable stable Brooke Life Insurance Company Rating A Outlook stable 
 
 In evaluating our Company s financial strength, the rating agencies evaluate a variety of factors including our strategy, market positioning and track record, mix of business, profitability, leverage and liquidity, the adequacy and soundness of our reinsurance, the quality and estimated market value of our assets, the adequacy of our surplus, our capital structure, and the experience and competence of our management. 
 
 In addition to the financial strength ratings, rating agencies use an outlook statement to indicate a short- or medium-term trend which, if continued, may lead to a rating change. A positive outlook indicates a rating may be raised and a negative outlook indicates a rating may be lowered. A stable outlook is assigned when ratings are not likely to be changed. Outlooks should not be confused with expected stability of the issuer s financial or economic performance. A stable outlook does not preclude a rating agency from changing a rating at any time without notice. 
 
 A.M. Best, S P, Moody s and Fitch review their ratings of insurance companies from time to time. There can be no assurance that any particular rating will continue for any given period of time or that it will not be changed or withdrawn entirely if, in their judgment, circumstances so warrant. While the degree to which ratings adjustments will affect sales of our annuities and institutional products, and persistency is unknown, if our ratings are negatively adjusted for any reason, we believe we could experience a material decline in the sales in our individual channel, origination in our institutional channel, and the persistency of our existing business. 
 126 

Item 2 | Management s Discussion and Analysis | Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For a complete discussion of new accounting pronouncements affecting us, s ee Note 2 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. The most critical estimates are presented below. 
 
 The below critical accounting estimates are described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates and Notes 1 and 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2023 Annual Report: 
 
 reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable 
 market risk benefits 
 reinsurance 
 income taxes and the ability to realize certain deferred tax benefits 
 valuation and impairment of investments, including estimates related to expectations of credit losses on certain financial assets 
 valuation of freestanding derivative instruments 
 valuation of embedded derivatives 
 net investment income 
 contingent liabilities 
 consolidation of variable interest entities 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 See Note 13 - Long-term Debt regarding lender commitment under the Company's revolving credit facility and Note 16 - Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements regarding unfunded investment commitments to limited partnerships and limited liability companies. 
 
 127 

Item 3 | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 There have been no material changes to the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk described in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report . 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. During the period covered by this report, we, under the supervision a nd with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of September 30, 2024 . Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in our internal control ov er financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 128 

Part II - Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 16 - Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report . 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 We discuss in this report, in our 2023 Annual Report, and in our other filings with the SEC, various risks that may materially affect our business. In addition, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements - Cautionary Language included herein. There have been no material changes to our risk factors disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. 
 
 None. 
 
 Repurchase of Equity by the Company. 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (1) 
 Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in millions) (1) 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 Share repurchase program 459,441 84.90 459,441 56 Employee transactions (2) 
 N/A N/A N/A August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 Share repurchase program 628,871 82.36 628,871 754 Employee transactions (2) 
 18 72.57 N/A N/A September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 Share repurchase program 264,509 83.19 264,509 732 Employee transactions (2) 
 1,969 80.67 N/A N/A Totals Share repurchase program 1,352,821 1,352,821 Employee transactions (2) 
 1,987 N/A 1,354,808 1,352,821 
 
 (1) On August 1, 2024, our Board of Directors authorized an increase of 750 million in our existing authorization to repurchase shares of our outstanding common stock as part of the Company's share repurchase program. As of November 1, 2024, the Company had remaining authorization to purchase 684 million of its common shares. For more information on common stock repurchases, see Note 19 - Equity of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report . 
 (2) Includes shares withheld pursuant to the terms of awards under the Company's 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan to offset tax withholding obligations that occur upon vesting and release of shares, which are treated as share repurchases. The value of the shares withheld is the closing price of common stock of Jackson Financial Inc. on the date the relevant transaction occurs; or, if the shares vest on a non-trading day, then the value of the shares withheld is based on the closing stock price from the trading day immediately prior to the vesting date. 

129 

Item 5. Other Information . 
 
 or by directors and officers of Jackson Financial. Any such contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Jackson Financial s securities was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) as defined under the securities laws. 
 
 NAME AND TITLE OF DIRECTOR OR OFFICER DATE OF TERMINATION OF TRADING ARRANGEMENT (1) 
 DURATION OF TRADING ARRANGEMENT (1) 
 # OF AGGREGATE SHARES TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO THE TRADING ARRANGEMENT , 
 June 18, 2024 - September 30, 2024 shares of common stock 

(1) Mr. Romine s Rule 10b5-1 trading plan (the Plan was scheduled to expire upon the earlier of September 30, 2024, or the sale of all shares subject 

Item 6. Exhibits . 
 
 The following documents are filed as exhibits hereto: 
 
 Number Description 10.1 
 Form of 2024 Notice of Award of Restricted Share Units and 2024 Restricted Share Unit Agreement (Mid-Cycle) between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of Craig Anderson and Don Cummings. 
 10.2 
 Form of 2024 Notice of Award of Performance Share Units and 2024 Performance Share Unit Agreement (Mid-Cycle) between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of Craig Anderson and Don Cummings. 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Identifies each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 130 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 JACKSON FINANCIAL INC. (Registrant) Date: November 6, 2024 
 By: /s/ Don W. Cummings Don W. Cummings Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 131 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101-2024noticeofawa.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

NOTICE OF AWARD OF RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS 
 Jackson Financial Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ), hereby awards to you a restricted share unit award (the Award with respect to the number of shares of the Company s common stock Shares indicated below in this Notice of Award of Restricted Share Units (the Notice ). The Award is effective on the grant date indicated below and is subject to the terms set forth herein and in the Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement attached hereto (the Award Agreement and the Plan, each of which is incorporated by reference. Capitalized terms that are used in this Notice but not defined in this Notice have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan. 
 Participant #ParticipantName# Grant Date #GrantDate# Number of RSUs Granted #QuantityGranted# Settlement Form Share Settled Vesting Schedule The Award will vest in three (3) equal installments on the first, second, and third anniversaries of the Grant Date, subject in each case to the Participant s continued employment with the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries through the applicable vesting date and subject further to accelerated vesting in certain cases, all as specified in the attached Award Agreement. 
 
 Please review the Plan and the attached Award Agreement for important information about the Restricted Share Units. For your award to be effective, the Award Agreement must be electronically reviewed and accepted on the Fidelity NetBenefits website at www.NetBenefits.com within three (3) months of the grant date. If you have any questions regarding the Fidelity NetBenefits website, you can call 1-800-544-9354. If you have general inquiries on your Award, please contact compensation jackson.com . 
 
 Attachments Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement 

RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 This Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement Award Agreement contains the Terms and Conditions of the Restricted Share Units awarded by the Company to the Participant indicated in the Notice of Award of Restricted Share Units to which this document is attached (the Notice and constitutes a binding agreement by and between Jackson Financial Inc. (the Company ), and the employee whose name is set forth on the Notice. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Jackson Financial Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 1. Grant of Restricted Share Units . The Company hereby evidences and confirms its grant to the individual whose name is set forth on the Notice (the Participant ), effective as of the grant date set forth on the Notice (the Grant Date ), of the number of Restricted Share Units set forth on the Notice (the RSUs ). Each RSU represents the unfunded, unsecured right of the Participant to receive one (1) Share or a cash payment that is equal to the Fair Market Value of one (1) Share, as applicable and in accordance with the Settlement Form identified in the Notice. The RSUs are also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated by reference herein. 
 2. Vesting of RSUs Effect of Termination of Employment . 
 (a) Vesting . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2 or in the Plan or as approved by the Administrator, all of the RSUs shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice (each date on which RSUs are scheduled to vest, a Vesting Date ), and the terms of this Award Agreement (including the Notice and the Plan), subject to the Participant s continued employment with the Company or its Subsidiary through each applicable Vesting Date. 
 (b) Effect of a Termination of Employment . In the event of a Participant s termination of employment at any time before all of the Participant s RSUs have vested, outstanding, unvested RSUs shall vest or become forfeited as follows (the occurrence of each such event described in Section 2 (b)(i)-(iv), a Vesting Event 
 (i) Death . All of the unvested RSUs shall become fully vested on the Participant s death, subject to the Participant s continued employment with the Company or its Subsidiary through such date 
 (ii) Disability . All of the unvested RSUs shall become fully vested on the termination of the Participant s employment due to Disability, provided that (1) the Participant remains employed with the Company or its Subsidiary through such date, and (2) such vesting shall be conditioned on the Participant executing a general release of claims as described in Section 4(b) and any RSUs that do not vest pursuant to this 2(b)(ii) shall automatically be forfeited and cancelled 
 (iii) Without Cause for Good Reason . If the Participant s employment is terminated (y) by the Company or its Subsidiary without Cause or (z) by the Participant for Good Reason (as defined below) then, (1) a pro rata portion of the number of RSUs scheduled to vest on the Vesting Date next following termination shall immediately become vested conditioned on the 
 -A1 of 8- 

Participant executing a general release of claims as described in Section 4(b), with such pro rata portion determined based on the portion that has elapsed, as of the termination date, of the period between (a) the most recent Vesting Date that occurred prior to termination (or the Grant Date, if no Vesting Date had yet occurred) and (b) the scheduled Vesting Date next following termination, and (2) RSUs that do not vest pursuant to this Section 2(b)(iii) shall automatically be forfeited and cancelled as of the Participant s termination date and 
 (iv) Qualifying Retirement . If the Participant s employment terminates in a Qualifying Retirement (as defined below) at any time before all of the Participant s RSUs have fully vested, all of the unvested RSUs shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice provided, that (i) at least six (6) months must have elapsed from the Grant Date to the date of termination of the Participant s employment for any termination initiated by the Participant to be treated as a Qualifying Retirement, and (ii) such vesting shall be conditioned on the Participant executing a general release of claims as described in Section 4(c) and the Administrator s determination that the Participant remains in material compliance with the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 12(b). 
 (v) Any Other Reason . Upon termination of the Participant s employment at any time before all of the Participant s RSUs have vested for any reason other than the Participant s death, Disability, Qualifying Retirement, termination by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, all unvested RSUs shall be forfeited and cancelled as of the effective date of such termination of employment. 
 (c) Employment . For purposes of this Award Agreement, employment with the Company will be deemed to include employment with the Company or the Company s Subsidiary, but in the case of employment with or service to a Subsidiary, only during such time as such Subsidiary is an affiliate of the Company. 
 (d) Effect of a Change in Control . Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, all then outstanding unvested RSUs shall be treated as provided in the Plan. 
 3. Termination for Cause . If the Participant s employment is terminated for Cause, or if the Participant resigns at such time as the Company could have terminated the Participant s employment for Cause, then notwithstanding any other provision of this Award Agreement, the Participant will immediately forfeit any remaining unvested RSUs (or cash otherwise payable, as applicable), along with any Shares issuable, or cash payment payable, as applicable, with respect to such RSUs (even if otherwise vested) for which Shares (or cash) have not yet been delivered, and any cash amounts payable under Section 9(b) . 
 4. Delivery . 
 (a) In the case of the vesting of the RSUs on a scheduled Vesting Date, as described in Section 2(a) , or due to a Participant s death, one (1) Share, or a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of one (1) Share, as applicable, shall be delivered in respect of each RSU then vesting, within thirty (30) days following (i) the occurrence of the scheduled Vesting Date or (ii) the Participant s death, as applicable. In the event of the death of the Participant, the delivery of Shares or cash payment under this Section 4 shall be made to the Participant s estate. 
 -A2 of 8- 

(b) In the case of the vesting of RSUs due to a Vesting Event described in Sections 2(b) (ii) and (iii) (termination due to Disability, termination without Cause or, if applicable, with Good Reason), one (1) Share, or a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of one (1) Share, as applicable, will become deliverable in respect of each RSU then vesting, subject to the Participant executing a general release of claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates, directors and officers in a form provided by the Company Release of Claims and to such release becoming irrevocable within fifty-five (55) days after such termination (such 55-day period, the Release Period ). Subject to the Participant s compliance with the release requirement described in the preceding sentence, Shares or cash payments deliverable following a termination due to Disability or following a termination without Cause or with Good Reason will be delivered on the date the release becomes irrevocable (but if the Release Period spans two (2) taxable years of the Participant, not before the first day of such second taxable year). If the Participant fails to timely satisfy this release requirement, all RSUs that would otherwise vest under Sections 2(b)(ii) and (iii), as applicable (along with any Shares issuable, or any cash payable, as applicable, with respect to such RSUs), shall be forfeited and the Participant will have no further rights with respect thereto. 
 (c) In the case of the vesting of RSUs due to a Participant s Qualifying Retirement described in Section 2(b)(iv), then, subject to the Participant s compliance with Section 12 (b) and execution of a Release of Claims, one (1) Share, or a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of one (1) Share, as applicable, will become deliverable in respect of each RSU then vesting. Shares or cash payments deliverable under this Section 4(c) will be delivered (i) within thirty (30) days of each applicable Vesting Date that would have otherwise applied to the Participant s unvested RSUs if the Participant had remained employed or, if later, (ii) on the date on which the Release of Claims becomes irrevocable (but if the Release Period spans two (2) taxable years of the Participant, not before the first day of such second taxable year). If the Participant fails to timely execute a Release of Claims as outlined in Section 4(b), all RSUs that would otherwise vest under Section 2(b)(iv) (along with any Shares issuable, or any cash payable, as applicable, with respect to such RSUs) shall be forfeited and the Participant will have no further rights with respect thereto. 
 5. Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Award Agreement and notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the following definitions will apply 
 (a) Cause means any of the following (i) the Participant s commission of a crime involving fraud, theft, false statements or other similar acts or commission of any crime that is a felony (or comparable classification in a jurisdiction that does not use these terms) (ii) the Participant s engaging in any conduct that constitutes an employment disqualification under applicable law with respect to a material portion of the Participant s work duties (iii) the Participant s willful or grossly negligent failure to perform his or her material employment-related duties for the Company or a Subsidiary, or willful misconduct in the performance of such duties (iv) the Participant s material violation of any Company or Subsidiary policy as in effect from time to time (v) the Participant s engaging in any act or making any public statement that materially impairs, impugns, denigrates, disparages or negatively reflects upon the name, reputation or business interests of the Company or its Subsidiaries (vi) the Participant s failure to return to a partial or full-time in-office working environment, as required by the Company, following a remote work arrangement that was temporary in nature or (vii) the Participant s 
 -A3 of 8- 

breach of any award agreement, employment agreement, or noncompetition, nondisclosure or nonsolicitation agreement to which the Participant is a party or by which the Participant is bound provided that in the case of any Participant who, as of the date of determination, is a party to an effective services, severance, consulting or employment agreement with the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company that employs such individual, Cause shall have the meaning, if any, specified in such agreement. A termination for Cause shall be deemed to include a determination by the Committee following a Participant s termination of employment that circumstances existing prior to such termination would have entitled the Company or one of its Subsidiaries to have terminated such Participant s employment for Cause. All rights a Participant has or may have under the Plan shall be suspended automatically during the pendency of any investigation by the Committee or its designee, or during any negotiations between the Committee or its designee and the Participant, regarding any actual or alleged act or omission by the Participant of the type described in the applicable definition of Cause. 
 (b) Good Reason means 
 (i)in the case of any Participant who, as the date of determination is party to an effective services, severance, consulting or employment agreement with the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company that employs such individual that defines Good Reason, the meaning specified in such agreement or 
 (ii)if no such agreement exists or if such agreement does not define Good Reason, the occurrence of one or more of the following without the Participant s express written consent, which circumstances are not remedied by the Company within thirty (30) days of its receipt of a written notice from the Participant describing the applicable circumstances (which notice must be provided by the Participant within ninety (90) days of the Participant s knowledge of the appliable circumstances) (i) a material reduction in the Participant s base salary (ii) a material reduction in the Participant s target annual total cash compensation, which is comprised of base salary, target annual bonus opportunity, and target annual production-related sales compensation (if applicable) or (iii) a geographical relocation of the Participant s principal office location by more than fifty (50) miles. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent the Company requires a Participant to return to a partial or full-time in-office working environment following a remote work arrangement that was temporary in nature, such required return to office shall not constitute Good Reason. In order for a termination of employment for Good Reason to be effective, the Participant must terminate his or her employment within thirty (30) days following the expiration of the cure period set forth in this Section 5(b)(ii). 
 (c) Qualifying Retirement means the Participant s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code after the Participant (i) has attained age fifty-five (55) and completed at least ten (10) years of employment with the Company or a Subsidiary, or (ii) has attained a minimum age of fifty (50), and the sum of (y) the Participant s age, plus (z) number of years of service, both calculated in completed years and months, equals sixty-five (65) or more . 
 6. Adjustments Upon Certain Events . The Administrator shall, in its sole discretion, make equitable substitutions or adjustments to the number of Shares and the RSUs pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Plan. 
 -A4 of 8- 

7. No Right to Continued Employment . Neither the Plan, the Notice nor this Award Agreement shall be construed as giving the Participant the right to be retained in the employ of, or in any consulting relationship with, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Further, the Company (or, as applicable, its Subsidiaries) may at any time dismiss the Participant, free from any liability or any claim under the Plan, the Notice or this Award Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. 
 8. No Acquired Rights . The Award has been granted entirely at the discretion of the Administrator. The grant of the Award does not obligate the Company to grant additional Awards to the Participant in the future (whether on the same or different terms). 
 9. No Rights of a Stockholder Dividend Equivalent Payments . 
 (a) The Participant shall not have any rights or privileges as a stockholder of the Company in respect of RSUs, which for the avoidance of doubt includes no rights to dividends or to vote, until the underlying Shares have been registered in the Company s register of stockholders as being held by the Participant. 
 (b) Section 9(a) notwithstanding, in the event that the record date for an ordinary dividend cash payment on the Shares occurs following the Grant Date and prior to the date on which the RSUs are settled, a Dividend Equivalent shall be credited in respect of each RSU granted to the Participant hereunder that is then outstanding, in an amount equal to the amount of such cash dividend. The dollar value of each such Dividend Equivalent shall be deemed reinvested in additional RSUs (rounded to the third decimal), based on the closing market price of a Share reported for the date the corresponding dividend is payable to shareholders. The additional RSU(s) into which the Dividend Equivalent is deemed reinvested shall not be payable unless the related RSUs (or portion thereof) vest and shall be forfeited to the extent that the related RSUs (or portion thereof) are forfeited. Any such additional RSUs shall be paid when the related RSUs vest, in the same form as the related RSUs. 
 10. Transferability of RSUs . Except as set forth in Section 4(a) , the RSUs (and, prior to their actual issuance, the Shares) may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and any purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance not permitted by this Section 10 shall be void and unenforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant may, with the prior approval of the Company, transfer the RSUs for estate planning purposes. 
 11. Withholding Taxation Specified Employees . 
 (a) The Company and the Participant shall cooperate to satisfy applicable federal, state and local income and employment tax withholding requirements applicable to the grant, vesting and settlement of the RSUs and any Dividend Equivalents payable under Section 9(b) (the Required Withholding ). The Company shall withhold from the Shares that would otherwise have been transferred to the Participant in settlement of vested RSUs the number of Shares necessary to satisfy the Participant s Required Withholding unless, subject to the Company s consent, the Required Withholding shall previously have been satisfied by the Participant or from other amounts payable by the Company to the Participant and, if applicable, 
 -A5 of 8- 

shall deliver the remaining Shares to the Participant. The amount of the Required Withholding and the number of Shares to be withheld by the Company, if applicable, to satisfy Participant s Required Withholding, as well as the amount reflected on tax reports filed by the Company, shall be based on the then Fair Market Value of the Shares. The obligations of the Company under this Award Agreement will be conditioned on such satisfaction of the Required Withholding. 
 (b) The Award and this Award Agreement are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code and should be interpreted accordingly. To the extent necessary to give effect to this intent, in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between the provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, the provisions of this Award Agreement will govern, and in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between this Section 11 and the other provisions of this Award Agreement, this Section 11 will govern. Nonetheless, the Company does not guarantee the tax treatment of the Award. 
 (c) In no event will the Participant be permitted to designate, directly or indirectly, the taxable year of the delivery. To the extent the Award includes a series of installment payments as described in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), the Participant s right to the series of installment payments will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment. The Award is subject to offset solely to the extent permitted by the Plan and Section 409A of the Code. To the extent any payment under the Award is conditioned on the effectiveness of a release of claims and the period the Participant is afforded to consider the release spans two (2) taxable years of the Participant, payment will be made in the second taxable year. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Award Agreement to the contrary, (i) to the extent permitted by Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(j)(4)(vi) and subject to the approval of the Administrator, settlement of the Award may be accelerated to the extent necessary to satisfy employment tax withholding obligations that arise with respect to the Award, and (ii) the Company may terminate this arrangement and deliver Shares hereunder in a manner consistent with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix). 
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Award Agreement to the contrary, to the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 409A with respect to any individual who is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A, delivery of Shares on account of termination of the Participant s employment with the Company or any Subsidiary may not be made before the date that is six (6) months after the date of such termination of employment (or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death). 
 12. Clawback Forfeiture Other Company Policies . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Plan, in consideration for the grant of this Award, the Participant agrees that the RSUs and any Shares or cash delivered in settlement of the RSUs, including in respect of Dividend Equivalents pursuant to Section 9(b) , (i) will be subject to the terms of the Jackson Financial Inc. Compensation Clawback Policy, as may be amended from time to time and, in accordance with such policy, may be subject to the requirement that the Shares underlying the RSUs or any cash payments made in respect thereof be repaid or returned to the Company after they have been distributed to the Participant, and (ii) will, along with any other equity interests in the Company held by the 
 -A6 of 8- 

Participant, be subject to any policy with respect to hedging or pledging of Shares that the Company may have in effect from time to time. 
 (b) Unless otherwise approved by the Administrator, as a condition to the Qualified Retirement Vesting Event described in Section 2(b) (iv), the Participant shall not, to the extent permitted by applicable law, during the period following a Qualifying Retirement and prior to the applicable Vesting Date(s), without the prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, as an employee, agent, consultant, partner, joint venturer, owner, officer, director, member of any other firm, partnership, corporation or other entity, or in any other capacity, (i) own any interest in, manage, control, participate in, consult with, render services for, or otherwise be or be connected in any manner with any business competing directly or indirectly with the business of the Company or the business of its Subsidiaries or any other business that the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted during the one-year period immediately preceding the date of such Qualifying Retirement or has plans to conduct as of the date of such Qualifying Retirement anywhere in the world, or (ii) induce or attempt to induce any customer, supplier, broker, agent, licensee or other business relation of the Company or any Subsidiary to cease doing business with the Company or such Subsidiary, or interfere in any way with the relationship between any such customer, supplier, broker, agent, licensee or business relation and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Participant agrees that, unless otherwise approved by the Administrator, without limiting any of the Company s rights pursuant to any clawback or recapture policy that the Company may have in effect from time to time, in the event of the Participant s violation of any of the covenants contained in this Section 12(b) , the Participant will immediately forfeit all unvested RSUs held by the Participant, and the Participant will have no further rights with respect thereto. 
 13. Choice of Law . THE AWARD, THIS AWARD AGREEMENT AND THE NOTICE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MICHIGAN APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE WHOLLY PERFORMED WITHIN THAT STATE. ANY ACTION TO ENFORCE THE AWARD, THIS AWARD AGREEMENT OR THE NOTICE MUST BE BROUGHT IN A COURT SITUATED IN, AND THE PARTIES HEREBY CONSENT TO THE JURISDICTION OF, COURTS SITUATED IN MICHIGAN. EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM FOR THE RESOLUTION OF ANY SUCH ACTION. 
 14. RSUs Subject to Plan . All the RSUs are subject to the Plan, a copy of which has been provided to the Participant and the terms of which are incorporated herein by this reference. Except as set forth in Section 11(a) , if there is any inconsistency between any express provision of this Award Agreement and any express term of the Plan, the express term of the Plan shall govern. 
 15. Entire Agreement Severability . The Plan, this Award Agreement and the Notice contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersede all prior communications, representations and negotiations in respect thereto. No change, modification or waiver of any provision of the Notice or this Award Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the parties hereto. Whenever possible, each provision of this Award Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner 
 -A7 of 8- 

as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Award Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Award Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
 16. Acceptance of RSUs and Agreement . The Participant has indicated the Participant s consent and acknowledgement of the terms of this Award Agreement pursuant to the instructions provided to the Participant by or on behalf of the Company. The Participant acknowledges receipt of the Plan, represents to the Company that the Participant has read and understood the Notice, this Award Agreement and the Plan, and, as an express condition to the grant of the RSUs under the Notice and this Award Agreement, agrees to be bound by the terms of the Notice, this Award Agreement and the Plan. The Participant and the Company each agrees and acknowledges that the use of electronic media (including, without limitation, a click-through button or checkbox on a website of the Company or a third-party administrator) to indicate the Participant s confirmation, consent, signature, agreement and delivery of the Notice, this Award Agreement and the Plan is legally valid and has the same legal force and effect as if the Participant and the Company signed and executed this Award Agreement in paper form. The same use of electronic media may be used for any amendment or waiver of this Award Agreement. 
 17. Transferability of Shares . Any Shares issued or transferred to the Participant pursuant to the Award shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Administrator may deem advisable under the Plan, the Notice, this Award Agreement or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which such Shares are listed, and any applicable federal or state laws or relevant securities laws of the jurisdiction of the domicile of the Participant, and the Administrator may cause a legend or legends to be put on any certificates representing such Shares or make an appropriate entry on the record books of the appropriate registered book-entry custodian, if the Shares are not certificated, to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 
 -A8 of 8- 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 exhibit102-2024noticeofawa.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 
 
 Share Settled 

NOTICE OF AWARD OF PERFORMANCE UNITS 
 Jackson Financial Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ), hereby awards to you a performance unit award (the Award with respect to the number of shares of the Company s common stock Shares indicated below in this Notice of Award of Performance Units (the Notice ). The Award is effective on the grant date indicated below and is subject to the terms set forth herein and in the Performance Unit Award Agreement attached hereto (the Award Agreement and the Plan, each of which is incorporated by reference. Capitalized terms that are used in this Notice but not defined in this Notice have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan. 

Participant #ParticipantName# Grant Date #GrantDate# Performance Units You have been awarded a target number of #QuantityGranted# Performance Units (the Target PSUs representing the right to receive a number of Shares equal to 0 to 200 of the Target PSUs, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 7 of the Agreement. Settlement Form Share settled Performance Cycle 
 
 Vesting Schedule 
 The three-year period commencing January 1, 2024 and ending December 31, 2026. 
 The Performance Units shall vest based on the satisfaction of two conditions achievement of the Performance Goals specified in Section 4 of the Award Agreement and the Participant s continued employment with the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries through the third anniversary of the Grant Date (the Vesting Date and subject further to modification based on the Company s three-year Relative Total Shareholder Return and, in certain cases, accelerated vesting, all as specified in the attached Award Agreement. 
 
 -2- 

Performance Goals Adjusted Operating Return on Equity 
 Threshold 11.1 
 Target 13.9 
 Maximum 16.7 
 
 Net Cash Flow to the Company 
 Threshold 1,225,000,000 
 Target 2,449,000,000 
 Maximum 3,674,000,000 
 
 The vesting level otherwise achieved under these Performance Goals will be adjusted based on the Company s three-year Relative Total Shareholder Return placement as compared to the peer group identified by the Jackson Financial Inc. Compensation Committee for this purpose, as specified in Section 4(f) of the attached Award Agreement however, in no event shall the vesting level of the Target PSUs exceed 200 . 
 
 Please review the Plan and the attached Award Agreement for important information about the Performance Units. For your award to be effective, the Award Agreement must be electronically reviewed and accepted on the Fidelity NetBenefits website at www.NetBenefits.com within three (3) months of the grant date. If you have any questions regarding the Fidelity NetBenefits website, you can call 1-800-544-9354. If you have general inquiries on your Award, please contact compensation jackson.com . 

Attachments Performance Unit Award Agreement 
 -3- 

PERFORMANCE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 This Performance Unit Award Agreement Award Agreement contains the terms and conditions of the Performance Units awarded by the Company to the Participant indicated in the Notice of Award of Performance Units to which this document is attached (the Notice and constitutes a binding agreement by and between Jackson Financial Inc. (the Company ), and the employee whose name is set forth on the Notice. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Jackson Financial Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 1. Grant of Performance Units. The Company hereby evidences and confirms its grant to the individual whose name is set forth on the Notice (the Participant ), effective as of the grant date set forth on the Notice (the Grant Date ), of the number of target Performance Units set forth on the Notice (the Target PSUs ). The Target PSUs represent the unfunded, unsecured right of the Participant to receive either Shares or a cash payment, as applicable, that is equal to the Fair Market Value of such Shares, in accordance with the Settlement Form identified in the Notice, in such number and at such times as determined pursuant to the Notice and this Award Agreement. The Target PSUs are also subject to the terms and conditions of the Notice and the Plan, which are incorporated by reference herein. 
 2. Vesting of Target PSUs Effect of Termination of Employment . 
 (a) Vesting . Target PSUs shall generally vest only upon the satisfaction of two conditions achievement of the performance conditions specified in Section 4 below and satisfaction of the service condition set forth in this Section 2. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2 or in the Plan or as approved by the Administrator, the Target PSUs that are earned in accordance with the performance vesting schedules set forth in Section 4 and not forfeited pursuant to this Award Agreement, shall vest in accordance with the terms of this Award Agreement (including the Notice and the Plan), subject to the Participant s continued employment through the Vesting Date (as defined in the Notice). The Target PSUs that are earned and vested shall be settled as provided in Section 5. 
 (b) Effect of Termination of Employment . In the event of a Participant s termination of employment prior to the Vesting Date, outstanding, unvested Target PSUs shall vest or become forfeited as follows (the occurrence of each such event described in Section 2(b)(i)-(iv), a Vesting Event 
 (i) Death . All of the Target PSUs shall become fully vested on the Participant s death, subject in each case to the Participant s continued employment with the Company or its Subsidiary through such date 
 (ii) Disability . If the Participant s employment terminates due to the Participant s Disability, the number of Target PSUs that become earned and vested shall be based on the actual achievement of the Performance Goals during the entire Performance Cycle (as if the Participant s employment had continued during the entire Performance Cycle), provided that (1) the Participant remains employed with the Company or its Subsidiary through such employment termination date, and (2) such vesting shall be conditioned on the Participant executing a general 

-A1 of 11- 

release of claims as described in Section 5(b) and any Target PSUs that do not vest pursuant to this 2(b)(ii) shall automatically be forfeited and cancelled and 
 (iii) Without Cause for Good Reason . If the Participant s employment is terminated (y) by the Company or its Subsidiary without Cause or (z) by the Participant for Good Reason (as defined below) then (1) the Target PSUs shall be prorated based on the portion of period between the Grant Date and the Vesting Date that has elapsed through the date of the Participant s employment termination and the number of prorated Target PSUs that become earned and vested are based on the actual achievement of the Performance Goals during the entire Performance Cycle (as if the Participant s employment had continued through the entire Performance Cycle), and (2) such pro rata vesting shall be conditioned upon the Participant executing a general release of claims as described in Section 5(b). Any Target PSUs that do not vest pursuant to this 2(b)(iii) shall automatically be forfeited and cancelled and 
 (iv) Qualifying Retirement . If the Participant s employment terminates due to the Participant s Qualifying Retirement (as defined below), the number of Target PSUs that become earned and vested shall be based on the actual achievement of the Performance Goals during the entire Performance Cycle (as if the Participant s employment had continued during the entire Performance Cycle), and any Target PSUs that do not vest pursuant to this 2(b)(iv) shall automatically be forfeited and cancelled provided , that (1) at least six (6) months must have elapsed from the Grant Date to the date of termination of the Participant s employment for any termination initiated by the Participant to be treated as a Qualifying Retirement, and (2) such vesting shall be conditioned on the Participant executing a general release of claims as described in Section 5(b) and on the Administrator s determination that the Participant remains in material compliance with the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 13(b). 
 (v) Any Other Reason . Upon termination of the Participant s employment before the Vesting Date for any reason other than the Employee s death, Disability, Qualifying Retirement, termination by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, all Target PSUs shall be forfeited and cancelled as of the effective date of such termination of employment. 
 (c) Employment . For purposes of this Award Agreement, employment with the Company will be deemed to include employment with, or, if approved by the Administrator, other service to, the Company or the Company s Subsidiary, but in the case of employment with or service to a Subsidiary, only during such time as such Subsidiary is an affiliate of the Company. 
 (d) Effect of a Change in Control . Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, all then outstanding unvested Target PSUs shall be treated as provided in the Plan. 
 3. Termination for Cause . If the Participant s employment is terminated for Cause, or if the Participant resigns at such time as the Company could have terminated the Participant s employment for Cause, then notwithstanding any other provision of this Award Agreement, the Participant will immediately forfeit any remaining Target PSUs, along with any Shares issuable (or cash otherwise payable, as applicable) with respect to such Target PSUs (even if otherwise vested) for which Shares (or cash) have not yet been delivered, and any amounts payable under Section 10(b) . 

-A2 of 11- 

4. Performance Conditions . The Target PSUs shall vest based on the achievement of the following Performance Goals, as set forth in the schedules below 
 (a) Adjusted Operating Return on Equity The extent to which fifty percent (50 of the Target PSUs are earned shall be determined by reference to the achievement of Adjusted Operating Return on Equity, as follows 
 
 Adjusted Operating Return on Equity Achievement 
 Number of Performance Units Earned (as a percentage of the Target PSUs assigned to this performance goal) Below threshold 0 Threshold 50 Target 100 Maximum 200 
 
 For this purpose, Adjusted Operating Return on Equity means the average of the Adjusted Operating Return on Equity for each fiscal year ending during the Performance Cycle. The Adjusted Operating Return on Equity for a fiscal year is determined by dividing (i) After-tax Adjusted Operating Earnings by (ii) the average of the Adjusted Book Value for the fiscal year. For this purpose, Adjusted Operating Earnings and Adjusted Book Value have the meanings as defined in Jackson Financial Inc. s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings. 
 Adjusted Operating Return on Equity for each of the three (3) years shall be adjusted to exclude (i) the net impact of equity market total returns over the period outside a corridor of 7 above or below the equity market total return assumption under the Company s business plan, (ii) the impact on spread earnings resulting from movement in the 10-year Treasury rate, relative to the beginning of year rate, of more than 2 , (iii) the impact on net investment income resulting from increases (or decreases) in general account assets resulting from net freestanding derivatives gains (or losses) in excess of 2 billion and (iv) the impact on earnings related to annual actuarial assumption unlocking. 
 The Jackson Financial Inc. Compensation Committee Committee shall adjust the Adjusted Operating Return on Equity to exclude the impact over the Performance Cycle of unusual and nonrecurring significant events, including new business investment business continuity disruptions including pandemics restructuring initiatives mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, including impacts of goodwill and other intangibles guarantee fund assessments in the event of insurance company liquidations material litigation and regulatory matters gains or losses on the extinguishment of debt and legislative, tax, regulatory, or accounting changes in such manner as reasonably determined by the Committee to preserve the original economic intent of the award. The Committee may, in addition to the mandatory adjustments enumerated above, make adjustments for those factors enumerated in Section 9.5 of the Plan that are not already contemplated by this Award Agreement. 

-A3 of 11- 

(b) Net Cash Flow to the Company The extent to which fifty percent (50 of the Target PSUs are earned shall be determined by reference to the achievement of Net Cash Flow to the Company , as follows 
 Net Cash Flow to the Company 
 Number of Performance Units Earned (as a percentage of the Target PSUs assigned to this performance goal) Below threshold 0 Threshold 50 Target 100 Maximum 200 
 
 For this purpose, Net Cash Flow to the Company means (1) the sum of cash flows to the Company from its operating Subsidiaries in the form of (i) dividends, (ii) return of capital distributions, (iii) interest payments on intercompany surplus notes, (iv) payments related to expense or tax-sharing arrangements, and (v) other similar payments, less (2) capital contributions made by the Company to its operating Subsidiaries. Net Cash Flow to the Company is distinct from any Company capital actions, such as common stock dividends and repurchases, debt reduction payments and mergers and acquisitions. 
 The Committee shall adjust for the impact of unusual and nonrecurring significant events, including major market dislocations impacting statutory capital levels i.e. , global financial crisis, pandemic, etc.) new business investment business continuity disruptions restructuring initiatives mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, including impacts of goodwill and other intangibles guarantee fund assessments in the event of insurance company liquidations material litigation and regulatory matters operating company dividends and distributions well above or below expected levels due to regulatory or other extenuating factors and legislative, tax, regulatory, or accounting changes, in such manner as reasonably determined by the Committee to preserve the original economic intent of the award. The Committee may, in addition to the mandatory adjustments enumerated above, make adjustments for those factors enumerated in Section 9.5 of the Plan that are not already contemplated by this Award Agreement. 
 (c) Straight-line Interpolation . With respect to both Performance Goals, achievement of a Performance Goal in excess of threshold performance and below target performance, or in excess of the target performance and below maximum performance will be calculated by the Administrator by straight-line interpolation between threshold and target performance and between target and maximum performance. 
 (d) Determination of Performance Achievement Relative to Performance Goals As soon as practicable after the end of the Performance Cycle but in any event within sixty (60) days after end of the Performance Cycle, the Administrator shall determine in writing the extent to which the Performance Goals have been achieved (the date on which such determination is made, the Determination Date and the number of Target PSUs that have been earned based on 

-A4 of 11- 

such achievement. In making such determination, the Administrator shall be permitted to exercise any discretion permitted under the Plan. 
 (e) The Adjusted Operating Return on Equity and the Net Cash Flow to the Company shall be set forth in the Notice. 
 (f) Relative Total Shareholder Return Adjustment The vesting level of the Target PSUs otherwise achieved under the Adjusted Operating Return on Equity and the Net Cash Flow to the Company Performance Goals shall be adjusted based on the placement of the Company s three-year Relative Total Shareholder Return Relative TSR as compared to the peer group identified by the Committee for this purpose. The vesting level otherwise achieved shall be adjusted as set forth in the table below. 
 Relative TSR 
 Performance Quartile Placement 
 Multiplier (to be applied to final vesting level) 
 High 
 120 
 2 nd 3 rd 
 100 
 Low 
 80 

For purposes of this Section 4(f), Relative TSR represents the total shareholder return as determined by dividing (1) the sum of (i) the Ending Period Average Price minus the Beginning Period Average Price and (ii) all dividends and other distributions paid on the Company s common shares during the Performance Cycle, assuming such dividends and other distributions are invested in shares on the ex-dividend date for such dividend or other distribution, by (2) the Beginning Period Average Price. For this purpose 
 Beginning Period Average Price shall mean the average official closing price per common share of the issuer over the twenty (20) consecutive trading days ending with and including December 31, 2023 (if the applicable day is not a trading day, the immediately preceding trading day) and 
 Ending Period Average Price shall mean the average official closing price per common share of the issuer over the twenty (20) consecutive trading days ending with and including December 31, 2026 (if the applicable day is not a trading day, the immediately preceding trading day). 
 The Company s Relative TSR, along with that of each company in the peer group defined for this purpose, will be ranked in descending order. In the event any member of the peer group liquidates or reorganizes under the United States Bankruptcy Code (U.S.C. Title 11) before the end of the Performance Cycle, such member shall remain in the peer group for purposes of calculating the payout modifier, with its Relative TSR measured over the period up to the point of liquidation or reorganization. If any member of the peer group is acquired by another entity before the end of the Performance Cycle, such member shall be removed from the peer group for purposes of calculating the payout modifier. 
 The Committee shall make appropriate adjustments to account for extraordinary items affecting the Relative TSR in such manner as reasonably determined by the Committee to preserve the 

-A5 of 11- 

original economic intent of the award. These adjustments include retaining, removing or replacing members of the peer group in the event of merger, reorganization or material change in ownership, legal structure, or business operations of any member of the peer group before the end of the Performance Cycle. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, in no event shall an adjustment made pursuant to this Section 4(f) cause the vesting level of the Target PSUs to exceed 200 . 
 5. Delivery . 
 (a) In the case of the vesting of Target PSUs as described in Section 2(a), or due to a Participant s death, either one (1) Share, or a cash payment, as specified in the Notice, equal to the Fair Market Value of one (1) Share as of the payment date, as applicable, shall be delivered in respect of each earned and vested Target PSU within thirty (30) days following (i) the occurrence of the Vesting Date, or (ii) the Participant s death, as applicable. In the event of the death of the Participant, the delivery of Shares or cash payment under this Section 5 shall be made to the Participant s estate. 
 (b) In the case of the vesting of Target PSUs due to a Vesting Event described in Sections 2(b)(ii) and (iii) (termination due to Disability, termination without Cause or, if applicable, with Good Reason) or, subject to the Participant s compliance with Section 13(b), due to a Qualifying Retirement, as described in Section 2(b)(iv), either one (1) Share, or a cash payment equal, as specified in the Notice, to the Fair Market Value of one (1) Share as of the payment date, as applicable, will become deliverable in respect of each earned and vested Target PSU, subject to the Participant executing a general release of claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates, directors and officers in a form provided by the Company Release of Claims and to such release becoming irrevocable within fifty-five (55) days after such termination (such 55-day period, the Release Period ). Subject to the Participant s compliance with the release requirement described in the preceding sentence, Shares or cash payments deliverable following a termination due to Disability or following a termination without Cause or with Good Reason or due to a Qualifying Retirement will be delivered (i) within thirty (30) days of each applicable Vesting Date that would have otherwise applied to the Participant s unvested Target PSUs if the Participant had remained employed or, if later, (ii) on the date on which the Release of Claims becomes irrevocable (but if the Release Period spans two (2) taxable years of the Participant, not before the first day of such second taxable year). If the Participant fails to timely satisfy this release requirement, all Target PSUs otherwise vesting under Section 2(b)(ii) and (iii) or pursuant to a Qualified Retirement under Section 2(b)(iv), as applicable (along with any Shares issuable or cash payment payable with respect to such Target PSUs), shall be forfeited and the Participant will have no further rights with respect thereto. 
 6. Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Award Agreement and notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the following definitions will apply 
 (a) Cause means any of the following (i) the Participant s commission of a crime involving fraud, theft, false statements or other similar acts or commission of any crime that is a felony (or comparable classification in a jurisdiction that does not use these terms) (ii) the Participant s engaging in any conduct that constitutes an employment disqualification under applicable law with respect to a material portion of the Participant s work duties (iii) the Participant s willful or grossly negligent failure to perform his or her material employment- 

-A6 of 11- 

related duties for the Company or a Subsidiary, or willful misconduct in the performance of such duties (iv) the Participant s material violation of any Company or Subsidiary policy as in effect from time to time (v) the Participant s engaging in any act or making any public statement that materially impairs, impugns, denigrates, disparages or negatively reflects upon the name, reputation or business interests of the Company or its Subsidiaries (vi) the Participant s failure to return to a partial or full-time in-office working environment, as required by the Company, following a remote work arrangement that was temporary in nature or (vii) the Participant s breach of any award agreement, employment agreement, or noncompetition, nondisclosure or nonsolicitation agreement to which the Participant is a party or by which the Participant is bound provided that in the case of any Participant who, as of the date of determination, is a party to an effective services, severance, consulting or employment agreement with the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company that employs such individual, Cause shall have the meaning, if any, specified in such agreement. A termination for Cause shall be deemed to include a determination by the Committee following a Participant s termination of employment that circumstances existing prior to such termination would have entitled the Company or one of its Subsidiaries to have terminated such Participant s employment for Cause. All rights a Participant has or may have under the Plan shall be suspended automatically during the pendency of any investigation by the Committee or its designee, or during any negotiations between the Committee or its designee and the Participant, regarding any actual or alleged act or omission by the Participant of the type described in the applicable definition of Cause. 
 (b) Good Reason means 
 (i)in the case of any Participant who, as the date of determination is party to an effective services, severance, consulting or employment agreement with the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company that employs such individual that defines Good Reason, the meaning specified in such agreement or 
 (ii)if no such agreement exists or if such agreement does not define Good Reason, the occurrence of one or more of the following without the Participant s express written consent, which circumstances are not remedied by the Company within thirty (30) days of its receipt of a written notice from the Participant describing the applicable circumstances (which notice must be provided by the Participant within ninety (90) days of the Participant s knowledge of the appliable circumstances) (i) a material reduction in the Participant s base salary (ii) a material reduction in the Participant s target annual total cash compensation, which is comprised of base salary, target annual bonus opportunity, and target annual production-related sales compensation (if applicable) or (iii) a geographical relocation of the Participant s principal office location by more than fifty (50) miles. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent the Company requires a Participant to return to a partial or full-time in-office working environment following a remote work arrangement that was temporary in nature, such required return to office shall not constitute Good Reason. In order for a termination of employment for Good Reason to be effective, the Participant must terminate his or her employment within thirty (30) days following the expiration of the cure period set forth in this Section 6(b)(ii). 
 (c) Qualifying Retirement means the Participant s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code after the Participant (i) has attained age fifty-five (55) and completed at least ten (10) years of employment with the Company or a Subsidiary, or (ii) 

-A7 of 11- 

has attained a minimum age of fifty (50), and the sum of (y) the Participant s age, plus (z) number of years of service, both calculated in completed years and months, equals sixty-five (65) or more . 
 7. Adjustments Upon Certain Events . The Administrator shall, in its sole discretion, make equitable substitutions or adjustments to the number of Shares and the Target PSUs pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Plan. 
 8. No Right to Continued Employment . Neither the Plan, the Notice nor this Award Agreement shall be construed as giving the Participant the right to be retained in the employ of, or in any consulting relationship with, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Further, the Company (or, as applicable, its Subsidiaries) may at any time dismiss the Participant, free from any liability or any claim under the Plan, the Notice or this Award Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. 
 9. No Acquired Rights . The Award has been granted entirely at the discretion of the Administrator. The grant of the Award does not obligate the Company to grant additional Awards to the Participant in the future (whether on the same or different terms). 
 10. No Rights of a Shareholder Dividend Equivalent Payments . 
 (a) The Participant shall not have any rights or privileges as a shareholder of the Company in respect of Target PSUs, which for the avoidance of doubt includes no rights to dividends or to vote, until the underlying Shares have been registered in the Company s register of shareholders as being held by the Participant. 
 (b) Section 10(a) notwithstanding, in the event that the record date for an ordinary dividend cash payment on the Shares occurs following the Grant Date and prior to the date on which the Target PSUs are settled, a Dividend Equivalent shall be credited in respect of each Target PSU granted to the Participant hereunder that is then outstanding, in an amount equal to the amount of such cash dividend. The dollar value of each such Dividend Equivalent shall be deemed reinvested in additional Target PSUs (rounded to the third decimal), based on the closing market price of a Share reported for the date the corresponding dividend is payable to shareholders. The additional Target PSU(s) into which the Dividend Equivalent is deemed reinvested shall not be payable unless the related Target PSUs (or portion thereof) become earned and vested, and shall be forfeited to the extent that the related Target PSUs (or portion thereof) are forfeited. For the avoidance of doubt, any such additional Target PSUs shall become earned to the same extent that the related Target PSUs become earned, if at all. Any such additional Target PSUs shall be paid when the related Target PSUs vest, in the same form as the related Target PSUs. 
 11. Transferability of Target PSUs . Except as set forth in Section 5(a) , the Target PSUs (and, prior to their actual issuance, the Shares) may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and any purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance not permitted by this Section 11 shall be void and unenforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant may, with the prior approval of the Company, transfer the Target PSUs for estate planning purposes. 

-A8 of 11- 

12. Withholding Taxation Specified Employees . 
 (a) The Company and the Participant shall cooperate to satisfy applicable federal, state and local income and employment tax withholding requirements applicable to the grant, vesting and settlement of the Target PSUs and any Dividend Equivalents payable under Section 10(b) (the Required Withholding ). For Share-settled awards, the Company shall withhold from the Shares that would otherwise have been transferred to the Participant in settlement of vested Target PSUs the number of Shares necessary to satisfy the Participant s Required Withholding unless, subject to the Company s consent, the Required Withholding shall previously have been satisfied by the Participant or from other amounts payable by the Company to the Participant and, if applicable, shall deliver the remaining Shares to the Participant. The amount of the Required Withholding and the number of Shares to be withheld by the Company, if applicable, to satisfy Participant s Required Withholding, as well as the amount reflected on tax reports filed by the Company, shall be based on the then Fair Market Value of the Shares. The obligations of the Company under this Award Agreement will be conditioned on such satisfaction of the Required Withholding. 
 (b) The Award and this Award Agreement are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code and should be interpreted accordingly. To the extent necessary to give effect to this intent, in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between the provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, the provisions of this Award Agreement will govern, and in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between this Section 12 and the other provisions of this Award Agreement, this Section 12 will govern. Nonetheless, the Company does not guarantee the tax treatment of the Award. 
 (c) In no event will the Participant be permitted to designate, directly or indirectly, the taxable year of the delivery. To the extent the Award includes a series of installment payments as described in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), the Participant s right to the series of installment payments will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment. The Award is subject to offset solely to the extent permitted by the Plan and Section 409A of the Code. To the extent any payment under the Award is conditioned on the effectiveness of a release of claims and the period the Participant is afforded to consider the release spans two (2) taxable years of the Participant, payment will be made in the second taxable year. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Award Agreement to the contrary, (i) to the extent permitted by Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(j)(4)(vi) and subject to approval by the Administrator, settlement of the Award may be accelerated to the extent necessary to satisfy employment tax withholding obligations that arise with respect to the Award, and (ii) the Company may terminate this arrangement and deliver Shares hereunder in a manner consistent with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix). 
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Award Agreement to the contrary, to the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 409A with respect to any individual who is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A, delivery of Shares on account of termination of the Participant s employment with the Company or any Subsidiary may not be made before the date that is six (6) months after the date of such termination of employment (or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death). 

-A9 of 11- 

13. Clawback Forfeiture Other Company Policies . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Plan, in consideration for the grant of this Award, the Participant agrees that the Target PSUs and any Shares or cash delivered in settlement of the Target PSUs, including in respect of Dividend Equivalents pursuant to Section 10(b) , (i) will be subject to the terms of the Jackson Financial Inc. Compensation Clawback Policy, as may be amended from time to time and, in accordance with such policy, may be subject to the requirement that the Shares underlying the Target PSUs or any cash payments made in respect thereof be repaid or returned to the Company after they have been distributed to the Participant, and (ii) will, along with any other equity interests in the Company held by the Participant, be subject to any policy with respect to hedging or pledging of Shares that the Company may have in effect from time to time. 
 (b) Unless otherwise approved by the Administrator, as a condition to the Qualified Retirement Vesting Event described in Section 2(b) (iii), the Participant shall not, to the extent permitted by applicable law, during the period following a Qualifying Retirement and prior to the Vesting Date, without the prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, as an employee, agent, consultant, partner, joint venturer, owner, officer, director, member of any other firm, partnership, corporation or other entity, or in any other capacity, (i) own any interest in, manage, control, participate in, consult with, render services for, or otherwise be or be connected in any manner with any business competing directly or indirectly with the business of the Company or the business of its Subsidiaries or any other business that the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted during the one-year period immediately preceding the date of such Qualifying Retirement or has plans to conduct as of the date of such Qualifying Retirement anywhere in the world, or (ii) induce or attempt to induce any customer, supplier, broker, agent, licensee or other business relation of the Company or any Subsidiary to cease doing business with the Company or such Subsidiary, or interfere in any way with the relationship between any such customer, supplier, broker, agent, licensee or business relation and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Participant agrees that, unless otherwise approved by the Administrator, without limiting any of the Company s rights pursuant to any clawback or recapture policy that the Company may have in effect from time to time, in the event of the Participant s violation of any of the covenants contained in this Section 13(b) , the Participant will immediately forfeit all unvested Target PSUs held by the Participant, and the Participant will have no further rights with respect thereto. 
 14. Choice of Law . THE AWARD, THIS AWARD AGREEMENT AND THE NOTICE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MICHIGAN APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE WHOLLY PERFORMED WITHIN THAT STATE. ANY ACTION TO ENFORCE THE AWARD, THIS AWARD AGREEMENT OR THE NOTICE MUST BE BROUGHT IN A COURT SITUATED IN, AND THE PARTIES HEREBY CONSENT TO THE JURISDICTION OF, COURTS SITUATED IN MICHIGAN. EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM FOR THE RESOLUTION OF ANY SUCH ACTION. 
 15. Target PSUs Subject to Plan . All of the Target PSUs are subject to the Plan, a copy of which has been provided to the Participant and the terms of which are incorporated herein by this 

-A10 of 11- 

reference. Except as set forth in Section 12(b) , if there is any inconsistency between any express provision of this Award Agreement and any express term of the Plan, the express term of the Plan shall govern. 
 16. Entire Agreement Severability . The Plan, this Award Agreement and the Notice contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersede all prior communications, representations and negotiations in respect thereto. No change, modification or waiver of any provision of the Notice or this Award Agreement shall be valid unless the same be in writing and signed by the parties hereto. Whenever possible, each provision of this Award Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Award Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Award Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
 17. Acceptance of Target PSUs and Agreement . The Participant has indicated the Participant s consent and acknowledgement of the terms of this Award Agreement pursuant to the instructions provided to the Participant by or on behalf of the Company. The Participant acknowledges receipt of the Plan, represents to the Company that the Participant has read and understood the Notice, this Award Agreement and the Plan, and, as an express condition to the grant of the Target PSUs under the Notice and this Award Agreement, agrees to be bound by the terms of the Notice, this Award Agreement and the Plan. The Participant and the Company each agrees and acknowledges that the use of electronic media (including, without limitation, a click-through button or checkbox on a website of the Company or a third-party administrator) to indicate the Participant s confirmation, consent, signature, agreement and delivery of the Notice, this Award Agreement and the Plan is legally valid and has the same legal force and effect as if the Participant and the Company signed and executed this Award Agreement in paper form. The same use of electronic media may be used for any amendment or waiver of this Award Agreement. 
 18. Transferability of Shares . Any Shares issued or transferred to the Participant pursuant to the Award shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Administrator may deem advisable under the Plan, the Notice, this Award Agreement or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which such Shares are listed, and any applicable federal or state laws or relevant securities laws of the jurisdiction of the domicile of the Participant, and the Administrator may cause a legend or legends to be put on any certificates representing such Shares or make an appropriate entry on the record books of the appropriate registered book-entry custodian, if the Shares are not certificated, to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 

-A11 of 11- 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311_q3-2024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Laura L. Prieskorn, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Jackson Financial Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 

s Laura L. Prieskorn 
 Laura L. Prieskorn 
 President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312_q3-2024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Don W. Cummings, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Jackson Financial Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 

s Don W. Cummings 
 Don W. Cummings 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321_q3-2024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by the 
 Chief Executive Officer, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of Jackson Financial Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 

s Laura L. Prieskorn 
 Laura L. Prieskorn 
 President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit322_q3-2024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by the 
 Chief Financial Officer, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of Jackson Financial Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 

s Don W. Cummings 
 Don W. Cummings 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Office r 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 jxn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 jxn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 jxn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 jxn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 jxn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

