<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241118_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1070050_0001683168-24-008207.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4948851</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>107268</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>992762</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1104853</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1296175</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1358792</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-008207.hdr.sgml : 20241118
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241118090022
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-008207
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241118
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241118

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AppTech Payments Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001070050
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				650847995
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39158
		FILM NUMBER:		241469865

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5876 OWENS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(760) 707-5955

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5876 OWENS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AppTech Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110812

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Natural Nutrition Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CSI Business Finance, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050929

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-008207.txt : 20241118

10-Q/A
 1
 apptech_i10qa1-093024.htm
 AMENDMENT NO 1

AppTech Payments Corp. 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________________
to ________________________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

7389 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(Primary Standard Industrial 
 Classification Code Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x 
No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 o 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 

x 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 

As of November 14, 2024, the registrant had
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

This
amendment is being filed solely to provide clarification around the pricing of certain stock issuances that happened in the period subsequent
to the quarter end. The Company had received questions from investors and determined to make the filing to assist investors in their
understanding of the transactions. 

AppTech Payments Corp. 

 Form 10-Q 

 Table of Contents 

Page 

Part I 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Projections 
 3 

Item 1. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 4 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 

Part II 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 36 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 36 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 36 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 36 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 37 

Signatures 
 40 

2 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
AND PROJECTIONS 

Various statements in this Quarterly on Form 10-Q
of AppTech Payments Corp. (we, our, AppTech or the Company) are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other
than statements of historical facts, included in this report regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future
revenues, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. These statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties and are based on information currently available to our management. Words such as anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, contemplates, 
 predict, project, target, likely, potential, continue, 
 ongoing, will, would, should, could, or the negative of these terms
and similar expressions or words, identify forward-looking statements. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements
may not occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in our forward-looking statements. Meaningful factors that
could cause actual results to differ include: 

delays and uncertainty associated with the boarding of clients onto our platform; 
 
 substantial investment and costs associated with new potential revenue streams and their corresponding
contractual obligations; 
 
 a slowdown or reduction in our sales due to a reduction in end user demand, unanticipated competition,
regulatory issues, or other unexpected circumstances; 
 
 uncertainty regarding adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, a recession, changes to fiscal
and monetary policy, tighter credit, higher interest rates, consumer confidence and spending, and high unemployment; 
 
 dependence on third-parties needed to facilitate our automated clearing house ("ACH") and merchant
service capabilities; 
 
 delay in or failure to obtain regulatory approval for any future products in additional countries, and; 
 
 current and future laws and regulations. 

All written and oral forward-looking statements
attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained
or referred to in this section. We caution investors not to rely too heavily on the forward-looking statements we make or that are made
on our behalf. We undertake no obligation and specifically decline any obligation, to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Please see, however, any further disclosures we make on related subjects
in any annual, quarterly or current reports that we may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 

We encourage you to read the discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and our financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. There can be no assurance that we will in fact
achieve the actual results or developments we anticipate or, even if we do substantially realize them, that they will have the expected
consequences to, or effects on, us. Therefore, we can give no assurances that we will achieve the outcomes stated in those forward-looking
statements and estimates. 

Unless the context otherwise requires, throughout this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, the words AppTech we, us, the registrant or the Company 
refer to AppTech Payments Corp. 

3 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

APPTECH PAYMENTS CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 INDEX TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (The financial statements have been condensed
for presentation purposes) 

Pages 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 

4 

APPTECH PAYMENTS CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND DECEMBER 31,
2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Note receivable 

Right of use asset 

Security deposit 

Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization 

Goodwill 

Capitalized software development, net of accumulated amortization 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party 

Accrued liabilities 

Convertible note payable and accrued interest, net of discount of and , respectively 

Notes payable 

Deferred revenue 

Right of use liability 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Right of use liability, net of current portion 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

Total long-term liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock: shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; Series A preferred stock: par value; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

5 

APPTECH PAYMENTS CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 and 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) 

For the Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative, including stock based
compensation of 
 and 
 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, 
 and 
 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Research and development, including
 stock based compensation of and
 for
 the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, 
 and for
 the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Debt discount amortization 

Other income (expenses) 

Total other expenses 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Deemed dividend related to warrant resets 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 

Weighted-average number of shares used basic and diluted per share amounts 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

6 

APPTECH PAYMENTS CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 and 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) 

Series
 A 

 Preferred 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional Paid- 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 in
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 

Net loss 

Stock based compensation 

Repricing of warrants 

Net proceeds
 from sale of offering shares 

Balance March 31, 2023 

Net loss 

Stock based
 compensation 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Net loss 

Stock based compensation 

Issuance of stock for prepaid services 

Option exercise 

Net proceeds from ATM offering 

Balance September 30, 2023 

Series
 A 

 Preferred 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional Paid- 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 in
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance December 31, 2023 

Net loss 

Stock based compensation 

Net proceeds
 from sale of common shares 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Net loss 

Stock based compensation 

Shares issued
 with Note Payable 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Net loss 

Stock based compensation 

Shares issued with convertible
 note payable 

Offering costs 

Warrants issued with convertible
 note payable 

Warrant repricing 

Warrant exercise, net of offering costs 

Warrant exercise - cashless 

Balance September 30,
 2024 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

7 

APPTECH PAYMENTS CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 and 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 

Cancellation of stock repurchase liabilities 

Write off of note receivable 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Gain on settlement of convertible note, warrants, and derivative liabilities 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of intangible assets and software 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Right of use asset and liability, net 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Capitalized software development 

Other assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from note payable 

Payments on loans payable - related parties 

Proceeds on convertible note payable 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Repayment of notes payable 

Repayment of convertible notes payable 

Proceeds received from exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Changes in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Issuance of stock for prepaid services 

Common stock issued with note payable 

Common stock issued with convertible note payable 

Warrants issued with the convertible note payable 

Cancellation of stock repurchase liabilities 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

8 

APPTECH PAYMENTS CORP. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

million 
in cash, with the Company also assuming certain short-term and long-term liabilities of Alliance Partners. The transaction
closed on October 26, 2023. 

Subsequent to the closing of the transaction,
the payment terms were amended various times with the last amendment executed on June 20, 2024. For details regarding the payment schedule
and the equity considerations provided to the Seller, refer to Note 8. Stockholders Equity - Equity
Issued related to Acquisition section. 

The remaining outstanding payable as of
September 30, 2024 is 
million and is secured by substantially all the Company s assets. 

Management s Plan to Address Going Concern
Considerations 

The Company has experienced recurring operating
losses, primarily due to limited revenues. The Company s current financial conditions and recurring losses raise substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. 

Management is actively pursuing additional funding
options and is confident that it will begin generating revenue during the following twelve months from the issuance date of these financial
statements, although no assurances can be made. 

Management intends to maintain adequate working
capital and adhere to prudent financial forecasting. 

of the accounts receivable balance was generated from four customers represent , , ,
and respectively. As of December 31, 2023, 
of the accounts receivable balance was generated from two customers. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2024, 
of the revenue was generated from three customers, represent , 
and ,
respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, two customers represented a significant amount of total revenue, at 
and ,
respectively. The loss of the customers would have a significant impact on the Company s financials. 

Goodwill 

The Company accounts for goodwill in accordance
with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ). ASC 350 requires that goodwill and other intangibles with
indefinite lives should be tested for impairment annually or on an interim basis if events or circumstances indicate that the fair value
of an asset has decreased below its carrying value. 

and 
 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The weighted average number of common stock equivalents
is not included in diluted income (loss) per share, because the effects are anti-dilutive. 

Warrants 

Options 

Total 

thousand. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, cumulative amortization is
approximately thousand and thousand, respectively. 

On October 26, 2023, the Company acquired FinZeo,
a Nevada based LLC. The gross value of acquired intangible assets is million . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, cumulative amortization is approximately thousand and thousand, respectively. The estimated aggregate amortization of
the intellectual property for each of the five succeeding fiscal years is approximately thousand. 

Intellectual Property as of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023 are as follows: 

Acquisition of intangible assets 

Amortization expenses 

Ending Balance 

Capitalized Software Development Costs 

The Company capitalizes certain costs related
to the development of its digital payment and banking platform. 

During the nine months of September 30, 2024,
the Company capitalized software development cost at thousand. 

As of September 30, 2024, the gross value
of capitalized software development cost is approximately 
 million. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, cumulative amortization is approximately 
 thousand and 
 thousand, respectively. The estimated aggregate amortization of the capitalized software development cost for each of the four
succeeding fiscal years is approximately 
 thousand. 

Additions 

Impairment 

Amortization expenses 

Ending Balance 

See Note 7 - Commitments and Contingencies
for discussions of Infinios Financial Services (formerly NEC Payments B.S.C.) and the write-off
of capitalized software deve lopment costs. 

Goodwill 

On October 26, 2023, the Company completed the
acquisition of Alliance Partners, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. The difference between the fair value of the purchase price
and the net assets acquired (including the assembled workforce) is recorded as goodwill. As of September 30, 2024, the Company recorded
goodwill of approximately 
million . 

See Note 1 - Purchase of Alliance Partners,
LLC. 

Anti-dilution provision 

Payables due to related party 

Other 

Total accrued liabilities 

Related parties noted below are either members
of management, board of directors, significant shareholders, or individuals that have significant influence over the Company. 

Anti-dilution provision 

In connection with the shares to be issued
as part of the HotHand acquisition, and anti-dilution provision with Infinios, the Company accrued an additional 
shares of its common stock at 1.81 per share for a total of 
thousand. The shares will be canceled and returned to the Company treasury after the Settlement Agreement is fulfilled and have not
been issued to Infinios as of September 30, 2024. 

See Note 7 - Commitment and Contingencies . 

Payables
due to related party 

The
remaining outstanding payable as of September 30, 2024, is million 
for the purchase of FinZeo. See Note 1. Purchase of Alliance Partners, LLC (Business Combinations). 

thousand in proceeds
and with interest at per annum. All payments of principal and interest are deferred for thirty months from the date of the note.
Payments totaling thousand are due each year through the maturity date of . 

On June 10, 2024, the Company entered into a 60-day
unsecured note agreement with Black Ice Advisors, LLC, a third-party lender, for proceeds of thousand. The note bears interest of
 thousand, due along with the principal amount within 60 days of receipt of funds, resulting in a total payable amount of thousand.
Additionally, the Company issued shares of AppTech Common Stock to the lender on June 17, 2024. The implied
annual interest rate for this note is 73.0 . The maturity date of the note is . The note agreement includes a default provision
where the Company s failure to pay the total amount of 224,000 by the due date will result in an additional 140 of the outstanding principal
and interest, payable in free-trading AppTech Common Stock valued at the average bid price from the past 7 trading days, or a late fee
of 500 per day, at the Company s discretion. On August 12, 2024, the note and accrued interest, totaling , were repaid. Refer
to Note 8 Stockholders Equity /Stock Issued for Note Payable. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, the balance of all note payable outstanding was thousand and thousand, with accrued interest of and , respectively. 

Convertible Note 

On
July 10, 2024, the Company closed a private placement offering (the Private Placement Offering consisting of a 
convertible debenture (the Debenture with a principal amount of 
and a warrant (the Warrant to purchase up to 
shares of the Company s common stock. The Debenture was sold to the investor (the Purchaser for ,
reflecting an original issue discount of ,
pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement executed on the same date. The Warrant, which expires five years from its date of
issuance, is exercisable at any time by the holder for up to 750,000 shares of common stock at an initial exercise price of 
(the Exercise Price ), subject to adjustments as further discussed below. The fair value of the warrants was determined
to be 
per share as further discussed in Note 8 - Stockholder s Equity. 

Net
proceeds from the Private Placement Offering were ,
after accounting for a 
non-accountable fee withheld pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and 
paid to a registered broker-dealer, for the Company s benefit. The offering includes dilutive issuance protection and
prohibits variable rate transactions until the Debenture is fully paid. 

The
Debenture matures twelve months from its date of issuance and bears interest at a rate of 
per annum, payable on the maturity date. The Debenture is convertible, at the option of the holder, into such number of shares of
common stock of the Company equal to the principal amount of the Debenture plus all accrued and unpaid interest, at an initial
conversion price of 
(the Conversion Price ), subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, and similar
events. Additionally, the Conversion Price may be reduced at the option of the holder if the Company issues or grants any option to
purchase common stock or other convertible securities at an effective price lower than the then-current Conversion Price. 

The Debenture
includes a redemption feature allowing the Company to prepay the Debenture at 110 of the principal amount and 110 of accrued interest.
Additionally, if the Company raises 1.5 million or more in aggregate funds from public offerings or private placements (excluding insider
investments), 50 of the proceeds from such fundraising activities must be used for the repayment of the Debenture, unless otherwise waived
by the Purchaser. Default provisions are also included, providing for specific penalties and remedies in the event of non-compliance with
the terms of the Debenture. 

The Warrant Shares, the Commitment Shares
and the shares of our common stock issuable under the Debenture were later registered under the Securities Act pursuant to the
registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281409), which was declared effective by the SEC on August 22, 2024. In connection
with the Inducement Transaction between us and Armistice Capital Master Fund discussed in Note 8. The exercise price of the
Warrant was reduced to per
share. The conversion price of the debenture was also reduced to as
a result of this transaction triggering the conversion price adjustment provisions within the debenture. As a result of the
adjustment provision within the warrants being triggered, the Company revalued the warrants both before and after the reset event,
and the change in fair value of thousand
was recorded to additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit as a reset. 

Effective as of August 29, 2024, the
Warrant was exercised cashless pursuant to the terms of the Warrant, resulting in the issuance of freely tradable shares
of our common stock. 

As of September 30, 2024, the
outstanding balance on the convertible note payable was 
million, with accrued interest of 
thousand. The total discount on the Debenture related to the debt component amounted to 
thousand, composed of the following components: (i) Original Issue Discount (OID) of 100 thousand; (ii) the relative fair market
value of Warrants of 334 thousand; (iii) costs allocated to debt component of the transaction of 57 thousand, and (iv) allocation
of the value of the common shares issued at 61 thousand, with the remainder of the additional costs allocated to equity. 

The total allocation of costs, including a
portion of the value of the common shares, to equity was 
thousand. The remaining unamortized discount balance on the convertible note was thousand,
following amortization expenses of thousand
recorded during the period. 

See Note 9 - Subsequent Event - Convertible
Note Payable - Debenture Conversion. 

months. 

The rent expense was thousand and thousand
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

million and issued to an Infinios affiliate shares of common stock of the Company. 

On May 4, 2023, unsatisfied with Infinios 
performance of its contractual obligations, the Company notified Infinios of its intent to terminate its relationship and commenced a
good-faith negotiation with Infinios regarding the termination terms. In June 2023, Infinios turned off all its services, and the Company
wrote off the million net capitalized assets included in Capitalized software development and license and Prepaid license fees, as
they were deemed to be impaired. On or about October 5, 2023, Infinios filed a demand for arbitration and a Statement of Claim before
the International Centre for Dispute Resolution (the Arbitration Claim ). In the Arbitration Claim, Infinios asserts claims
for breach of contract, quantum meruit, and account stated. Infinios alleged damages of 598,525, and asserted a demand for the grant
and registration of shares. 

On November 13, 2023, the Company filed an Answer
to the Arbitration Claim, along with Coun terclaims for breach of contract, fraudulent inducement,
unjust enrichment, breach of fiduciary duty, and breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing. At a Preliminary Hearing held
on February 22, 2024, hearing dates of August 12 and 13, 2024, August 19 and 20, 2024, and October 21 and 22, 2024 were scheduled. 

On August 8, 2024, the Company entered into a
Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release with Infinios Solutions (Bahrain) W.L.L. and Infinios Financial Services B.S.C. The terms of this
Settlement Agreement are confidential. 

On October 29, 2024, the Company agreed to
additional compensation payments to Infinios if the Settlement Payment is not made within specified time frames. If the Settlement
Payment is not fully settled by October 21, 2024, These additional payments will accrue every two weeks if the Settlement Payment and any additional
accrued compensation are not fully paid by December 9, 2024. As of date of financial statements, amounts have yet to be paid. 

The terms of the Settlement Agreement and Amendment
do not currently result in any additional amounts payable outside what has already been accrued by the Company. Upon fulfilling the terms
of the Settlement Agreement, both parties have agreed to jointly file for the dismissal and termination of the ongoing arbitration. This
process is anticipated to be completed before the end of November 2024. See Note 9 Subsequent Events. 

Terminated Employees 

Following unsuccessful negotiations regarding
severance payments, three former employees filed a lawsuit against the Company in May 2024 concerning their severance claims. After reviewing
the case details, including the lawsuit, the Company has assessed that it is less likely than not that a severance obligation will be
incurred. Given this assessment, the Company has determined that no accrual for severance payments is necessary as of September 30,
2024. 

The case is ongoing, with key proceedings scheduled
for the first half of 2025. The Company will continue to monitor the case and reassess its legal obligations as necessary. 

shares
of preferred stock with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were fourteen shares of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding. The holders of Series A preferred stock are entitled to one vote per share
on an as converted basis on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and are not entitled to cumulate their votes
in the election of directors. The holders of Series A preferred stock are entitled to any dividends that may be declared by the Board
of Directors out of funds legally available, therefore on a pro rata basis according to their holdings of shares of Series A preferred
stock, on an as converted basis. In the event of liquidation or dissolution of the Company, holders of Series A preferred stock are entitled
to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and have no liquidation preferences. 

Common Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue 
shares of par value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. There were and , respectively,
shares of common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The holders of common stock are entitled
to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and are not entitled to cumulate their votes in the election
of directors. The holders of common stock are entitled to any dividends that may be declared by the board of directors out of funds legally
available, therefore subject to the prior rights of holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock and any contractual restrictions
against the payment of dividends on common stock. In the event of liquidation or dissolution of the Company, holders of common stock are
entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any outstanding shares
of preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive or other subscription rights and no right to convert their common stock
into any other securities. 

Public Offerings 

In February 2023, the Company announced the closing
of its previously announced 5.0 million registered direct offering (the Registered Direct Offering with a single
institutional investor to sell shares of its common stock (the Shares and warrants to purchase up to 
shares (the Warrants in a concurrent private placement (the Private Placement ). The combined purchase price
for one Share and one Warrant was 3.00. Each of the Warrants has an exercise price of 4.64 per share of common stock and are exercisable
on and after August 1, 2023. The Warrants expire five years from the date on which they become exercisable. The aggregate gross proceeds
from the Registered Direct Offering and the concurrent Private Placement were approximately .0 million before deducting placement
agent fees and other estimated offering expenses. The offering that was completed in February 2023, caused a reset to the exercise price
of existing warrants from the S-1 offering that had a strike price of 5.19 and a future offerings floor price of 4.15. Accordingly,
the floor price was reset to 4.15 in February 2023. 4,156,626 warrants were reset and thousand was recorded to additional paid-in
capital and accumulated deficit as a result of the reset. 

In August 2023, the Company entered into a sales
agreement under which it may sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 18.0 million through at-the-market 
offerings (ATM), pursuant to its shelf registration statement on Form S-3 on file with the SEC. In total, as of the end of September 30,
2024, the Company sold shares of common stock, for which we received net proceeds of million, after deducting commissions,
fees and expenses. 

In October 2023, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with a certain accredited and institutional investor (the Purchaser pursuant to which the Company has agreed to issue and sell to Purchaser an aggregate of: (i) shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock and (ii) warrants (the Purchase
Warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock, exercisable at 2.74 per share (the Offering ). The
offering price per Share and associated Purchase Warrants was 2.10. The October Warrants will expire five years from the date on which
they become exercisable. On October 26, 2023, the Company closed the Offering and raised million in gross proceeds from the
Offering. 

On March 26, 2024, AppTech Payments Corp. entered
into an underwriting agreement with EF Hutton LLC, as representative of the several underwriters, relating to the public offering of 
shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, at a purchase price per share to the public of 1.00. Pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement, the Company granted the Underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional shares of Common Stock at the
Offering Price, less any underwriting discounts and commissions. 

As of September 30, 2024, approximately million
remains available under the shelf registration statement Form S-3 (File No. 333-265526) previously filed and declared effective by the
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on July 15, 2022. SEC regulations limit the amount of funds we can raise during any 12-month
period pursuant to our effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3. We are currently limited by the Baby Shelf Rule as of the filing
of this Report, until such time as our public float exceeds 75 million. 

Stock Issued for Services 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company granted 
and 
shares of common stock, respectively, to several consultants in connection with business development and professional services. The
Company valued the common stock issuances at 
thousand and 
thousand, respectively, based upon the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of the agreement. 

Stock Issued with Note Payable 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2024, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with a note payable. The 2024 issuance was valued at thousand,
based on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the agreement date. The issuance of the shares was part of the
consideration for the note payable. The value of the shares issued was recorded as a debt discount and was amortized over the note s
life. The interest expense related to this amortization is thousand and is included in the Company s financial statements for the
period. On August 12, 2024, the note and accrued interest, totaling , were repaid. Refer to Note 5 - Note Payables. 

Stock Issued for Convertible Note 

See Note
5 - Note Payable - Convertible Note. 

Equity
Issued related to Acquisition 

On October
26, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of FinZeo. The Seller received cash and stock as part of the purchase price. See Note
1 - Purchase of Alliance Partners, LLC. 

As of September 30,
2024 , the payment terms under the Purchase Agreement with Alliance Partners, LLC, were amended as
follows: 

In consideration
for modifying the payment schedule, Chris Leyva received a total of shares of AppTech
Payments Corp. and options to purchase shares of the Company s stock. 

Stock
Options 

The Company grants stock options as part of employee
compensation and recognizes these options expense over the vesting period. If an employee does not meet certain conditions such as sales
targets or leaves the Company before the options vest, these options are forfeited as they occur. 

On December
7, 2021, the board authorized the Company s Equity Incentive Plan to facilitate the grant of equity incentives to employees (including
our named executive officers), directors, independent contractors, merchants, referral partners, channel partners, and employees of our
company. This plan is essential for attracting, retaining, and motivating these key personnel, which is critical to our long-term success.
In May 2023, shareholders approved an additional 700,000 shares for the Company s Equity Incentive Plan, bringing the total authorized
shares to . In May 2024, shareholders approved an additional shares under a newly adopted 2024 Equity Incentive Plan
(the "2024 Plan"), which replaced the previous plan in its entirety. As a result, a total of shares
of common stock were authorized under the 2024 Plan, with shares
available for issuance as of September 30, 2024. 

In June
2024, the Company canceled million contingent options related to the termination of a former employee. 

On March
20, 2024, the Company extended the expiration term of vested a nd outstanding stock options to 10 years from the original grant
date for current employees and consultants. The fair value was calculated both on the modification date and prior to the modification.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded the option modification expense of thousand. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2024, the Company granted options to purchase of common stock. These grants included: 

1. 
 options to a consultant, with vesting contingent upon reaching
specified sales milestones. The fair value of these options, which are non-plan with a one-year life, will be recognized as an expense
when vesting appears probable. These options have an exercise price of per share and a fair value of per share on the issuance
date. The Company did not record any stock based compensation expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as these were
not determined to be probable of vesting. 

2. 
 On April 4, 2024, the Company granted options to current employees
and consultants with an exercise price of , a ten-year expiration term, and a fair value on the grant date of . The Company
recognized thousand related to this grant. The options were fully vested upon on the grant date. 

3. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted
 options to the board of directors and consultants. These options have a ten-year expiration period, with exercise prices ranging
from to per share. The fair value of these options, as determined on the grant date, ranged from to per share. 

4. 
 On July 3, 2024, the Company granted options under the equity
plan and approximately million options outside of the plan to employees and consultants. These options, which expire ten years from
the grant date, have an exercise price of per share and a fair value of per share on the issuance date. The vesting of these
options is contingent upon reaching specified company milestones. The fair value of these options will be recognized as an expense when
the vesting becomes probable. 

The following table summarizes option activity: 

Issued 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 

Outstanding as of September 30, 2024, vested 

The unvested options includes a total of million
options contingent upon reaching specified sales milestones. The remaining expense to be recognized, exclusive of the contingent performance-based
options, is thousand as of September 30, 2024. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2024, the Company recorded thousand in option expenses, which includes the modification expense of thousand and the company-wide
grant of options valued at thousand. 

The options vest in equal monthly installments
ranging from instantly to 12 months. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the fair value of the options were valued using
a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following range of assumptions: 

Exercise price 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected term (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yields 

Warrants 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company has
 
 warrants outstanding. The following table summarizes warrant activity: 

Cancelled 

Exercised 

Issued 

Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 

See Note 5 for warrants issued with convertible
note. 

Issuance of New Warrants (Inducement Transaction) 

On August 30, 2024, AppTech Payments Corp. ("the
Company") entered into a Warrant Inducement Agreement with Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. (the "Selling Stockholder")
to induce the immediate exercise of warrants previously issued in October 2023. On August 30, 2024, Armistice Capital exercised 
warrants to purchase shares of AppTech Payments Corp. (the "Company") common stock on a cash basis at a reduced exercise price
of per share. This exercise generated gross proceeds of for the Company. After deducting fees and expenses, including
a 7 cash fee and other associated legal expenses, the Company received net proceeds of approximately . 

As part of the inducement transaction, the Company
issued new warrants ("New Warrants") to the Selling Stockholder for the purchase of an additional shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of 0.70 per share. The New Warrants are exercisable beginning six months from the date of issuance
and expire five and a half years from the date of issuance. The fair value of the New Warrants was determined to be per warrant,
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The inputs used were similar to those used for the options as disclosed above. The total fair value of the 3,333,334 new Warrants, approximately million , was recognized as an addition to Additional Paid-in Capital
(APIC), with an offsetting entry to APIC, as this represents an equity transaction under ASC 815-40 and ASC 505-50. 

Concurrent with the issuance of the New Warrants, the Company entered into a modification agreement for the February 2023 Warrants,
which originally allowed the Selling Stockholder to purchase up to 1,666,667 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of per share. In October 2023, the Company reduced the exercise price of these warrants from 4.64 to 2.74, and subsequently
to 0.70 per share as part of this inducement. 

This change in the exercise price increased the
fair value per warrant, as calculated using the Black-Scholes model with inputs consistent with those disclosed for similar options.
The fair value of the February and October 2023 Warrants increased by 350 thousand which was recognized as an addition to Additional
Paid-in Capital (APIC), with an offsetting entry to APIC, as this represents an equity transaction under ASC 815-40 and ASC 505-50. 

Cashless Exercise of Peak One Warrants 

Refer to Note 5 - Note Payables. 

Resale S-1 

On September 27, 2024, 

The resale of the shares under the S-1 is at the
discretion of the Selling Stockholder, with pricing determined based on prevailing market conditions or negotiated transactions. The Company
will not receive proceeds from the sale of shares by the Selling Stockholder. However, the Company will receive the proceeds from the
exercise of the warrants if they are exercised for cash. 

See Note 9 - Subsequent Events for additional subsequent events. 

Infinios
Financial Services Case Update (formerly NEC Payments B.S.C.) 

Refer to Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies. 

Nasdaq 

On May 9,
2024, AppTech Payments Corp. (the Company received a deficiency notice from Nasdaq, indicating that the Company's common
stock had traded below the minimum bid price of 1.00 for thirty consecutive business days, as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).
The Company was initially given until November 5, 2024, to regain compliance; however, as the Company has not achieved compliance and
does not meet the 5 million minimum stockholders' equity required for an additional extension, the Company is ineligible for a second
180-day compliance period. 

Separately,
on August 21, 2024, the Company was notified by Nasdaq of a deficiency in meeting the 2.5 million minimum stockholders' equity requirement
under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1), based on our Form 10-Q filing for the period ended June 30, 2024. The Company submitted an updated
compliance plan to Nasdaq on October 25, 2024, detailing steps to regain and maintain compliance. However, Nasdaq has determined that
this deficiency, in conjunction with the bid price deficiency, constitutes an additional basis for delisting. 

On November
6, 2024, Nasdaq issued a Staff Determination Letter, notifying the Company that its securities are subject to delisting from The Nasdaq
Capital Market. The Company formally requested a Hearing on November 12, 2024, to appeal this determination with a Nasdaq Hearings Panel.
The Company is waiting for a Hearing date, which is expected to be 30-45 days from the request. The Company s appeal to the delisting
action is now stayed pending the Panel's decision. 

Convertible Note Payable - Debenture Conversion 

On October 22, 2024, the Company received a Notice
of Conversion from Peak One Opportunity Fund, LP to convert 100 thousand at a conversion price of 0.70 for 142,857 shares of common
stock, decreasing the outstanding principal amount of the Debenture to 1 million. See Note 5 - Note Payables - Convertible Note 

Potential Private Offering 

In October, the Company received 600 thousand
from a potential investor. The Company and the potential investor are actively engaged in finalizing the full terms of the investment,
with the goal of an additional investment and concluding the agreement by the end of November 2024. 

24 

Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read together with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included
elsewhere in this report. Certain statements contained in this report, including statements regarding the anticipated development and
expansion of our business, our intent, belief or current expectations, primarily with respect to the future operating performance of our
company and the products and services we expect to offer and other statements contained herein regarding matters that are not historical
facts, are forward-looking statements. Our Management s Discussion and Analysis contains not only statements that
are historical facts, but also forward-looking statements which involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Because forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, our actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in the
forward-looking statements. 

Business Overview 

The financial services industry is going through
a period of intensive growth driven by the advancement of technology and the rapid rise of contactless transactions due to societal changes,
in part, as a response to COVID-19. End-users expect ease of use and an enhanced user experience in all their daily financial interactions.
In this rapidly evolving digital marketplace, businesses have broad and frequently changing requirements to meet consumer expectations
and operational efficiencies to maintain their competitive edge. 

To flourish in this environment, businesses need
to adopt new technologies to engage, communicate and process payments and manage payouts with their customers from a supplier that widely
supports innovation and adaptation as the industry evolves. We believe our technologies will greatly increase the adoption of omni-channel
payments and digital banking solutions in sectors that must quickly adapt and migrate to new, secure digital Fintech technologies. By
embracing advancements in the payment and banking industries, we are well-positioned to meet the growing needs of existing and prospective
clients and intend for our current and future products to be at the forefront of solving these accelerated market needs. 

AppTech s all-in-one Fintech platform, FinZeo ,
delivers best-in-class financial technologies and capabilities through an ever-evolving modular cloud/edge-based architecture. The FinZeo
platform houses a large array of financial products and services that can be implemented off-the-shelf or customized via modern APIs.
Within its FinZeo platform, AppTech offers Payments-as-a-Service PaaS ), Banking-as-a-Service BaaS ), and
the Commerse Portal. 

FinZeo provides PaaS via integrated solutions
for frictionless digital and mobile payment acceptance. These solutions provide advanced payment processing solutions by catering to the
unique needs of each merchant. FinZeo s PaaS solutions include ACH (automatic clearing house), credit debit cards, eCheck,
mobile processing, electronic billing, and text-to-pay. PaaS will also solve for multi-use case, multi-channel, API-driven, account-based
issuer processing for card, digital tokens, and payment transfer transactions. 

AppTech is positioned to further accelerate digital
transformation through BaaS, layered with financial management tools that empower financial institutions to provide businesses, professionals,
and individuals with the ability to better manage their finances anywhere, anytime at a fraction of the cost of traditional banking and
financial services. BaaS fosters an ecosystem of immersive and scalable digital financial management services, including FinZeo s groundbreaking
automated underwriting portal. By digitizing the underwriting process, Automated Underwriting expedites business onboarding with its intuitive
digital application and e-signature capabilities. This portal offers customizable pricing, risk models, and access to multiple processors,
ensuring tailored solutions for diverse needs. 

The Commerse Portal empowers Independent Sales
Organizations (ISOs) and Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) to seamlessly integrate their businesses, facilitating swift technology adoption.
By leveraging the Commerse portal, ISOs/ISVs can streamline operations and foster growth, meeting the economic demands of their merchants.
Through personalized portals, ISOs/ISVs have the flexibility to select and integrate FinZeo payments and banking services, thereby enhancing
their offerings to clients. 

25 

FinZeo has a flexible architecture and can be
fully white labeled to allow for rich, personalized payment and banking experiences. This cloud-based platform packages together elements
of AppTech s intellectual property, BaaS, PaaS and Commerse Portal to create a one-hub connection point of multi tenant portals
giving the merchant, ISO/ISV, and each customer a well-defined user experience. 

AppTech was reincorporated in Delaware on December
23, 2021. During this time, the business name was changed to AppTech Payments Corp. AppTech s executive offices are located at 5876
Owens Avenue, Suite 100, Carlsbad, California 92008. The Company s phone number is (760) 707-5959. The Company s website address
is www.apptechcorp.com. AppTech does not incorporate the information on or accessible through our website into this report. The Company
has included our website address in this report solely as an inactive textual reference. 

Recent
Developments 

Private Placement Offering of Warrants for
Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. 

On February 2, 2023, AppTech sold to Armistice
Capital Master Fund Ltd. Armistice in a private placement, certain warrants to purchase up to 1,666,667 shares of the
Company s common stock at an exercise price of 4.64 per share (the February 2023 ). The February 2023 Warrants are
exercisable six months following the issue date and will expire five and one-half years from the issue date. The February 2023 Warrants
were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

In October 2023, AppTech sold to Armistice certain
warrants to purchase up to 1,666,667 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 2.74 per share (the October
2023 Warrants ). The October 2023 Warrants are exercisable from October 24, 2023 until October 24, 2028 (five years from the initial
exercise date). The issuance of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the October 2023 Warrants is registered pursuant
to an effective registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265526). 

On August 28, 2024, AppTech entered into a definitive
agreement with Armistice for the exercise of the October 2023 Warrants at a reduced exercise price of 0.70 per share (the Warrant
Inducement Agreement ). Pursuant to the Warrant Inducement Agreement, in consideration for the immediate exercise of the October
2023 Warrants for cash, on August 30, 2024, AppTech issued the New Warrants to Armistice to purchase up to an aggregate of 3,333,334 shares
of common stock (the New Warrant Shares at an exercise price of 0.70 per share (the Inducement Transaction ).
The New Warrants will be exercisable six months following the date of issuance and have a term of five and one-half years from the date
of issuance. Pursuant to the Warrant Inducement Agreement, AppTech is prohibited from entering into subsequent equity sales, subject to
certain exceptions, for a 45-day period commencing on the closing date of the Inducement Transaction. Furthermore, AppTech is prohibited
from entering into any agreement to issue common stock or common stock equivalents involving a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in
the Warrant Inducement Agreement), subject to certain exceptions, for a six-month period commencing on the closing date of the Inducement
Transaction. 

In connection with the Inducement Transaction,
AppTech also entered into a certain Warrant Amendment Agreement (the Warrant Amendment Agreement with Armistice, to amend
the February 2023 Warrants to purchase up to 1,666,667 shares of common stock, such that the February 2023 Warrants will have a reduced
exercise price of 0.70 per share and will expire five and one-half years from August 30, 2024. 

The October 2023 Warrant Shares and the New Warrant
Shares were later registered under the Securities Act pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 282388), which
was declared effective by the SEC on October 11, 2024. 

26 

Private Placement Offering of Common Stock,
Debenture and Warrants 

On July
11, 2024, AppTech closed a private placement offering (the Private Placement of 1,100,000 in principal amount of its 6 
convertible debenture Debenture to Peak One Investments, LLC and a warrant (the Peak One Warrant to purchase
up to 750,000 shares of its common stock to Peak One Investments, LLC. Pursuant to a certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of
July 10, 2024 Securities Purchase Agreement ), the Debenture was sold to Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. for a purchase
price of 1,000,000 (the Purchase Price ), representing an original issue discount of ten percent (10 ). 

The Peak
One Warrant expires five years from its date of issuance. The Peak One Warrant is exercisable, at the option of the holder, at any time,
for up to 750,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the Peak One Warrant Shares at an exercise price equal
to 1.16 (the Exercise Price ), subject to adjustment for any stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar
events and in the event AppTech, at any time while the Peak One Warrant is outstanding, issues, sells or grants any option to purchase,
or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of, or issues common stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable
for, or otherwise entitle any person the right to acquire, shares of common stock, at an effective price per share that is lower than
the then Exercise Price. In the event of any such anti-dilutive event, the Exercise Price will be reduced at the option of the holder
to such lower effective price of the dilutive event. 

In connection
with the Private Placement, we paid a placement fee of 70,000, a non-accountable fee of 20,000, and certain
legal fees. We also agreed to issue an aggregate of 100,000 shares of restricted common stock (the Commitment Shares on
the closing date as follows: 50,000 of the Commitment Shares to Peak One and 50,000 of the Commitment Shares to Peak One Investments. 

In connection
with the Private Placement, AppTech entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 10, 2024, with Peak One Opportunity Fund,
L.P. where AppTech agreed to file a registration statement within 30 days of the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement to register
the Commitment Shares, the shares of the Company s common stock issuable under the Debenture and the Peak One Warrant, and shares
of common stock issued to Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. and Peak One Investments, LLC as a result of any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise, without regard to any limitation on beneficial ownership in the Debenture or
Peak One Warrant, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

The Securities
Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement contain customary representations, warranties, agreements and conditions to completing
future sale transactions, indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. The securities were sold in reliance upon an exemption
from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

The Peak
One Warrant Shares, the Commitment Shares and the shares of the Company s common stock issuable under the Debenture were later registered
under the Securities Act pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281409), which was declared effective by the
SEC on August 22, 2024. In connection with the Inducement Transaction between AppTech and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd., the exercise
price of the Peak One Warrant was reduced to 0.70 per share. Effective as of August 29, 2024, the Peak One Warrant was exercised cashless
pursuant to the terms of the Peak One Warrant, resulting in the issuance of 521,739 freely tradeable shares of the Company s common
stock. 

Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule 

On May 9,
2024, AppTech received a deficiency notification from Nasdaq due to the Company s common stock trading below the minimum bid price
of 1.00 for thirty consecutive business days, as required by Nasdaq. While the notice does not currently affect the Company s listing,
AppTech Payments Corp. has until November 5, 2024, to regain compliance. 

27 

On August
21, 2024, AppTech received another deficiency letter (the August Deficiency Letter from the Staff of Nasdaq notifying AppTech
that, AppTech is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) (the Listing Rule ), which requires AppTech to maintain
a minimum of 2,500,000 in stockholders equity for continued listing, and AppTech also does not meet the alternatives of market
value of listed securities or net income from continuing operations. The August Deficiency Letter has no immediate effect on the listing
of the Company s securities, and the Company s common stock and warrants will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbols APCX and APCXW , respectively, at this time. 

The Notice
states that AppTech has 45 calendar days, or until October 7, 2024, to submit a plan to regain compliance. The Company submitted an updated
compliance plan to Nasdaq on October 25, 2024, detailing steps to regain and maintain compliance. If Nasdaq accepts the Company s
plan, Nasdaq may grant the Company an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice, to evidence compliance with the
Listing Rule. If Nasdaq does not accept the Company s plan, the Company will have the opportunity to appeal the decision to a Nasdaq
Hearings Panel. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to regain or maintain compliance with Nasdaq listing criteria. 

AppTech
intends to monitor the closing bid price of its common stock and may, if appropriate, consider available options to regain compliance
with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, including initiating a reverse stock split. However, there can be no assurance that the Company
will be able to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement or will otherwise be in compliance with other Nasdaq Listing
Rules. 

On November 6, 2024, Nasdaq issued a Staff Determination Letter, notifying
the Company that its securities are subject to delisting from The Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company has until November 13, 2024, to
appeal this determination by requesting a hearing with a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. The Company formally requested a Hearing on November
12, 2024, to appeal this determination with a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. The Company is waiting for a Hearing date, which is expected to
be 40-60 days from the request. When the Company appealed and requested the hearing, the delisting action was stayed pending the Hearing
Panel's decision. Otherwise, trading in the Company's securities would have been suspended at the opening of business on November 15,
2024, and Nasdaq would have filed a Form 25-NSE with the SEC to formally delist the securities. 

Financial Operations Overview 

The following discussion sets forth certain components
of our statements of operations as well as factors that impact those items (in thousands, except per share data). 

Revenues 

Our Revenues. We derive our revenue by
providing financial processing services to businesses. 

Expenses 

Cost of Revenue. Cost of revenue includes
costs directly attributable to processing and other services the company provides. These also include related costs such as residual payments
to our business development partners, which are based on a percentage of the net revenue generated from client referrals. 

General and administrative. General and
administrative expenses include professional services, rent and utilities, and other operating costs. 

Research and development. Research and
development costs include costs of acquiring patents and other unproven technologies, contractor fees and other costs associated with
the development of the SMS short code texting platform, contract and outside services. 

Interest expense, net. Our interest expense
consists of interest on our outstanding indebtedness and amortization of debt issuance costs. 

28 

Results of Operations 

This section includes a summary of our historical
results of operations, followed by detailed comparisons of our results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. 

Revenue 

Revenue was approximately 43 thousand and 140
thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, representing a decrease of 69 . The decrease was principally driven
by 34 thousand lower merchant processing revenue and 62 thousand lower licensing fee. 

Revenue was approximately 224 thousand and 363
thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, representing a decrease of 38 . The decrease was principally driven
by 161 thousand lower merchant processing revenue and offset by 21 thousand higher licensing fee. 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue was approximately 24 thousand
and 44 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, representing a decrease of 45 , driven primarily
by a decrease in residual payouts. 

Cost of revenue was approximately 49 thousand
and 159 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, representing a decrease of 69 , driven primarily by a decrease
in residual payouts. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses were approximately
 1.9 million and 2.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, representing a decrease of 16 .
The decrease was primarily driven by lower stock based compensation. 

General and administrative expenses were approximately
 6.7 million and 7.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, representing a decrease of 6 .
The decrease was primarily driven by lower stock based compensation. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses were approximately
 0.0 million and 0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease was primarily due
to the reclassification of 557 thousand in expenses as capitalized software
development costs. 

Research and development expenses were
approximately 1.3 million and 2.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease
was primarily due to lower stock based compensation approximately 0.8 million, and the reclassification of 557 thousand in expenses as
capitalized software development costs. 

29 

Impairment of Intangible Assets 

Impairment of intangible assets were approximately
 0 and 6.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. On May 4, 2023, the Company notified Infinios
of its intent to terminate its relationship. Infinios turned off all its services in June 2023 and the Company wrote-off the 6.1 million
capitalized asset as it was deemed to be impaired. See Note 3 Intangible Assets - Capitalized Development Cost and Prepaid Licenses, and
Note 7 - Commitments and Contingencies. 

Interest Expense, net 

Interest expense, net was approximately 18
thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to interest expense, net at 4 thousand for the three months
ended September 30, 2023. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to the Company s interest on a new
convertible note in July 2024. 

Interest expenses, net was approximately 53 thousand
and 48 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily due to a new convertible
note in July 2024. 

Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liability 

Change in fair value of derivative liability was
approximately 0 and 0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Change in fair value of derivative liability was
approximately 0 and 27 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease was primarily
due to the Company s settlement of derivative liabilities in April 2023. 

Other income (expenses) 

Other expense was approximately 6 thousand
and 5 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Other expense was approximately 8 thousand
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and other income was 711 thousand for the nine months ended September 2023.
The decrease was primarily driven by 430 thousand gain from cancellation of stock repurchase liabilities during the three months
ended March 31, 2023, and, the Company s repayment of derivative liabilities in April 2023. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and
cash equivalents of approximately 104 thousand, working capital of negative 4.8 million, and stockholders equity of approximately
 1.4 million. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2024, we met our immediate cash requirements through existing cash balances, public offerings, at-the-market offerings (ATM),
and debt financing. 

Additionally, we used equity and equity-linked
instruments to pay for services and compensation. 

See Note 8 Stockholders Equity. 

30 

Management s Plan to Address Going Concern
Considerations 

The Company has experienced recurring operating
losses, primarily due to limited revenues. The Company s current financial conditions and recurring losses raise substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. 

Management
is actively pursuing additional funding options and is confident that it will begin generating revenue during the following twelve months
from the issuance date of these financial statements, although no assurances can be made. 

Management
undertook cost cutting measures to lower its expenses and it intends to maintain adequate working capital and adhere to prudent financial
forecasting. 

Cash Flows 

The following table presents a summary of cash
flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the following comparative periods (in thousands). 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (4,968 
 (6,545 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (567 
 (50 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 4,358 
 3,384 

Cash Flow from Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities during
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was approximately 5.0 million, which is comprised of (i) our net loss of
approximately 8.0 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses totaling 2.6 million (which includes adjustments for equity-based
compensation, depreciation and amortization), and (ii) changes in operating assets and liabilities of approximately 449
thousand. 

Net cash used in operating activities during the
nine months ended September 30, 2023 was approximately 6.5 million, which is comprised of (i) our net loss of 15.1 million, adjusted
for non-cash expenses totaling 9.1 million (which includes adjustments for equity-based compensation, depreciation and amortization),
and (ii) decreased by changes in operating assets and liabilities of approximately 0.5 million. 

Cash Flow from Investing Activities 

There was 567 thousand and 50 thousand
cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

31 

Cash Flow from Financing Activities 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, net cash provided by financing activities was approximately 4.4 million. This amount primarily consists of
 1.8 million in net proceeds from the issuance of common shares in our public offering, 0.7 million from the At-The-Market (ATM)
offering, 910 thousand proceeds from convertible note payable, and 1.0 million proceeds from exercise of warrants. 

Net cash provided by financing activities during
the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was approximately 3.4 million, which principally consists of net proceeds of 5.2 million
through the issuance of common shares and warrants in our public offering, offset by repayments of the Loan forbearance Agreements in
full. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The
preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Significant estimates include those related to the valuation of goodwill impairment and intangible
assets, and equity-based compensation. These estimates are based on historical experience and assumptions believed to be reasonable under
current conditions. It s important to note that actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Critical accounting policies are those that we
consider the most critical to understanding our financial condition and results of operations. The accounting policies we believe to be
most critical to understanding our financial condition and results of operations are discussed below. As of September 30, 2024, there
have been no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates nor to our recently issued accounting pronouncements, except as
described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 

Equity-Based Compensation: We estimate
the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires input of subjective assumptions.
The model inputs include expected stock price volatility, expected term, risk-free interest rate, and dividend yield. The assumptions
about future stock price volatility and the option s expected term involve significant judgments based on historical data and future
expectations. The reported equity-based compensation expense is sensitive to changes in the volatility assumption. An increase in expected
volatility could materially impact the amount of compensation expense recognized. 

Intangible Assets: Identifiable intangible
assets, distinguishable either by separability from the acquired entity or through contractual or other legal rights, are valued and reported
independently from goodwill. These assets include, but are not limited to, trademarks, customer relationships, proprietary technology,
and patents. The fair value of these intangible assets is determined at the time of acquisition and is subject to subsequent impairment
tests. 

The fair value of identifiable intangible assets
is estimated using income, market, or cost approach methods. The income approach, often applied through the discounted cash flow (DCF)
method, involves projecting future cash flows attributable to the asset and discounting them to present value using a discount rate that
reflects the risk associated with those cash flows. The estimation of fair value is inherently uncertain due to the assumptions and judgments
involved in projecting future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates, and estimating the useful life of each asset. 

Over the reporting period, changes in market conditions,
technological advancements, or strategic shifts in the business may necessitate revisions to the assumptions used in the valuation of
identifiable intangible assets. Management closely monitors these factors and will adjust the valuation of intangible assets as appropriate,
reflecting the impact of any such changes in our financial statements. 

32 

Goodwill Impairment 

Goodwill Impairment Testing: The process
requires an annual test for impairment of goodwill, and more frequent testing if certain indicators suggest that the goodwill might be
impaired. This assessment involves comparing the carrying amount of a reporting unit, including goodwill, to its fair value. Key estimates
in determining fair value include: a) Cash Flow Projections: Utilizing the DCF method, management estimates future cash flows based on
current performance, business plans, and expected market growth, introducing judgment due to forecasting uncertainties. b) Discount Rate:
The discount rate, reflecting the WACC and adjusted for unit-specific risks, is crucial for present value calculations, with changes significantly
affecting fair value estimations; c) Long-term Growth Rates: Assumptions on sustainable growth rates impact the terminal value in the
DCF model, thus influencing the overall fair value of the reporting unit. 

Impairment Loss Calculation: The impairment
loss, representing the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over its implied fair value, is highly sensitive to the estimates and
assumptions used in the fair value calculation. Small changes in cash flow projections, discount rates, or long-term growth rates can
result in significant adjustments to the impairment loss recognized in the income statement. Given the dynamic nature of business conditions,
technological advancements, and market competition, estimates used in goodwill impairment testing may change from one period to another.
Management is tasked with regularly reviewing and updating these estimates to reflect the latest available information and market conditions. 

Once an impairment loss is recognized, it is not reversible in subsequent
periods. This finality places additional importance on the accuracy and reasonableness of the underlying estimates and assumptions. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

Our company evaluates long-lived assets, including
capitalized software, for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. This process involves
comparing the carrying amount to the expected future undiscounted cash flows from the asset. If the carrying amount exceeds the expected
cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized to reduce the asset s carrying amount to its fair value. 

Indicators of impairment include significant underperformance
against projections, market or economic downturns, and technological obsolescence. The fair value is determined using market data or discounted
cash flow models. An impairment loss is recorded as an expense immediately. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

As of September 30, 2024, there have been
no significant changes to our recently issued accounting pronouncements, except as described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any relationships with unconsolidated
entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, that would have
been established to facilitate off-balance sheet arrangements (as that term is defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K) or other
contractually narrow or limited purposes. As such, we are not exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise
if we had engaged in those types of relationships. We enter into guarantees in the ordinary course of business related to the guarantee
of our own performance. 

33 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

Because we are allowed to comply with the disclosure obligations applicable
to a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, with respect to this Form 10-Q, we are not
required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the
end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have not been any changes in our internal
control over financial reporting during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

34 

PART II - Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings

NCR Lawsuit 

On November
30, 2022, AppTech filed a complaint against NCR Payment Solutions, LLC in the United States District Court for the Southern District of
California. 

In March
2024, the Company and NCR reached a Settlement and Release Agreement. Both parties expressly denied any liability and no further actions
are required by either party. 

Infinios
Financial Services (formerly NEC Payments B.S.C.) 

On October
1, 2020, the Company entered into a strategic partnership with Infinios Financial Services BSC (formally NEC Payments B.S.C) Infinios through a series of agreements, which included the following: (a) Subscription License and Services Agreement; (b) Digital Banking Platform
Operating Agreement; (c) Subscription License Order Form; and (d) Registration Rights Agreement (collectively, the Agreements ).
On February 11, 2021, the Company entered into an amended and restated Subscription License and Services Agreement, Digital Banking Platform
Operating Agreement and Subscriptio n License Order Form with Infinios (collectively, the Restated Agreements ). The
gross total fees due under the Restated Agreements are 2.2 million excluding pass-through costs associated with infrastructure hosting
fees. In the years of 2021 and 2022, the Company paid Infinios 1.8 million and issued to an Infinios affiliate about 1,895,948 shares
of common stock of the Company. 

On May 4, 2023, unsatisfied with Infinios 
performance of its contractual obligations, the Company notified Infinios of its intent to terminate its relationship and commenced a
good-faith negotiation with Infinios regarding the termination terms. In June 2023, Infinios turned off all its services, and the Company
wrote off the 6.1 million net capitalized asset as it was deemed to be impaired. On or about October 5, 2023, Infinios filed a demand
for arbitration and a Statement of Claim before the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, (the Arbitration Claim ).
In the Arbitration Claim, Infinios asserts claims for breach of contract, quantum meruit, and account stated. Infinios alleges damages
of 598,525, and asserts a demand for the grant and registration of shares. 

On November 13, 2023, the Company filed an Answer
to the Arbitration Claim, along with Counterclaims for breach of contract, fraudulent inducement, unjust enrichment, breach of fiduciary
duty, and breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing. At a Preliminary Hearing held on February 22, 2024, hearing dates of
August 12 and 13, 2024, August 19 and 20, 2024, and October 21 and 22, 2024 were scheduled. 

On August 8, 2024, the Company entered into a
Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release with Infinios Solutions (Bahrain) W.L.L. and Infinios Financial Services B.S.C. The terms of this
Settlement Agreement are confidential. On October 29, 2024, the Company agreed to additional compensation payments to Infinios if the
Settlement Payment is not made within specified time frames. If the Settlement Payment is not fully settled by October 21, 2024, additional
compensation of 25,000 will apply, with further incremental amounts added based on the timing of the settlement, potentially reaching
up to 80,000. These additional payments will accrue every two weeks if the Settlement Payment and any additional accrued compensation
are not fully paid by December 9, 2024. 

The terms of the Settlement Agreement and Amendment
do not currently result in any additional amounts payable outside what has already been accrued by the Company. Upon fulfilling the terms
of the Settlement Agreement, both parties have agreed to jointly file for the dismissal and termination of the ongoing arbitration. This
process is anticipated to be completed before the end of November 2024. 

Former Employees 

Following unsuccessful negotiations regarding
severance payments, three former employees filed a lawsuit against the Company in May 2024 concerning their severance claims. After reviewing
the case details, including the lawsuit, the Company has assessed that it is less likely than not that a severance obligation will be
incurred. Given this assessment, the Company has determined that no accrual for severance payments is necessary as of September 30,
2024. 

The case is ongoing, with key proceedings scheduled
for the first half of 2025. The parties are encouraged to pursue Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) no later than March 21, 2025, to
potentially resolve the matter before trial. The Company will continue to monitor the case and reassess its legal obligations as necessary. 

35 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales
of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

During the
quarter ended September 30, 2024 , the Company has issued unregistered securities to
the persons described below. We believe that each transaction was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue
of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act thereof as a transaction not involving a public offering. The recipients both had access, through
their relationship with us, to information about us. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2024, the Company granted 485,000 shares of common stock, to several consultants in connection with business development and professional
services. The Company valued the common stock issuances at 0.5 million, based upon the closing market price of the Company s common
stock on the date of the agreement. 

On July
10, 2024, the Company closed a private placement offering (the Private Placement Offering ), consisting of (i) a 6 convertible
debenture (the Debenture with a principal amount of 1,100,000, pursuant to which 2,179,440 shares of common stock (the
 Debenture Shares are issuable upon the conversion of the Debenture, (ii) a warrant (the Warrant to purchase
up to 750,000 shares of the Company s common stock. In connection with the Private Placement Offering, the Company also issued an
aggregate of 100,000 shares of restricted common stock (the Commitment Shares on the closing date, with 50,000 shares issued
to the Purchaser and 50,000 shares issued to the Purchaser s designee. - See Note 5. Note Payable - Convertible Note 

On August
28, 2024, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with a certain holder of its certain existing warrants (the Existing
Warrants ), for the exercise of the Existing Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,666,667 shares of its common stock having an
exercise price of 2.74 per share and issued in October 2023, at a reduced exercise price of 0.70 per share (the Warrant Inducement
Agreement ). Pursuant to the Warrant Inducement Agreement, in consideration for the immediate exercise of the Existing Warrants
for cash, the Company issued new unregistered warrants (the New Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 3,333,334 shares
of common stock (the New Warrant Shares at an exercise price of 0.70 per share (the Inducement Transaction ).
The New Warrants will be exercisable six months following the date of issuance and have a term of five and one-half years from the date
of issuance. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

a. During the quarter ended September 30,
2024, there was no information required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K which was not disclosed in a report on Form 8-K. 

b. During the quarter ended September 30,
2024, there were no material changes to the procedures by which members may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 

c. During the quarter ended September 30,
2024, no director or officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each
term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

36 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Title 

2.1 
 
 Amendment to the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated December 28, 2023, by and between AppTech Payments Corp., Alliance Global Partners, LLC and Chris Leyva (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K as filed on May 3, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) 

2.2 
 
 Amendment to the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated January 31, 2024, by and between AppTech Payments Corp., Alliance Global Partners, LLC and Chris Leyva (filed as Exhibit 2.2 to Form 8-K as filed on May 3, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) 

2.3 
 
 Amendment to the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated March 1, 2024, by and between AppTech Payments Corp., Alliance Global Partners, LLC and Chris Leyva (filed as Exhibit 2.3 to Form 8-K as filed on May 3, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) 

2.4 
 
 Amendment to the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated April 29, 2024, by and between AppTech Payments Corp., Alliance Global Partners, LLC and Chris Leyva (filed as Exhibit 2.4 to Form 8-K as filed on May 3, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.1 
 
 AppTech Corp. Articles of Conversion filed October 25, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.2 
 
 AppTech Corp. Articles of Incorporation filed October 25, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.3 
 
 AppTech Corp. Certificate of Designation filed May 09, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.4 
 
 AppTech
 Corp. Certificate of Correction filed June 04, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form
 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.5 
 
 AppTech
 Corp. Certificate of Designation filed June 06, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.6 
 
 AppTech Corp. Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series filed November 17, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 3.6 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.7 
 
 AppTech
 Corp. Certificate of Amendment filed October 26, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 3.7 to the Registrant s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.8 
 
 AppTech
 Corp. Certificate of Amendment filed October 27, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 3.8 to the Registrant s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

37 

3.9 
 
 AppTech
 Corp. Certificate of Designation filed April 21, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.9 to the Registrant s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.10 
 
 AppTech Corp. Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series filed April 27, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.10 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.11 
 
 AppTech
 Corp. Certificate of Change filed July 22, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.11 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as
 filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.12 
 
 AppTech
 Corp. Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series filed October 26, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.12 to the
 Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.13 
 
 AppTech
 Corp. Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series filed October 26, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.13 to the
 Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.14 
 
 AppTech
 Corp. Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series filed October 28, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.14 to the
 Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.15 
 
 AppTech
 Corp. Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series filed April 08, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.15 to the
 Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.16 
 
 AppTech Corp. Certificate of Amendment filed June 06, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.16 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.17 
 
 AppTech
 Corp. Articles of Domestication filed July 18, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.17 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as
 filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.18 
 
 AppTech
 Corp. Bylaws dated May 07, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.18 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30,
 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.19 
 
 AppTech
 Corp. Certificate of Domestication filed July 09, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.19 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K,
 as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.20 
 
 AppTech
 Corp. Articles of Amendment filed October 31, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.20 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as
 filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.21 
 
 AppTech Corp. Certificate of Incorporation filed July 29, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 3.21 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.22 
 
 AppTech Corp. Bylaws (Amended and Restated) dated March 27, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 3.22 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.23 
 
 AppTech Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware dated December 13, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 3.23 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as filed on December 15, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

38 

3.24 
 
 AppTech Certificate of Correction filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware dated December 23, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 3.24 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as filed on December 23, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.25 
 
 AppTech Certificate of Conversion filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware dated December 23, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 3.25 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as filed on December 23, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.26 
 
 AppTech Certificate of Correction filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware dated December 23, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 3.26 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as filed on January 3, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.27 
 
 AppTech Certificate of Amendment filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware dated December 27, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 3.27 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as filed on January 3, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.28 
 
 AppTech Amended and Restated Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.22 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as filed on December 17, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Debenture, dated July 10, 2024, in the principal amount of 1,100,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on July 12, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated July 10, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on July 12, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference) 

4.3 
 
 Form of New Warrant (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on August 28, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.1 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 10, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on July 12, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 10, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on July 12, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Warrant Inducement Agreement, dated August 28, 2024 , by and between AppTech Payments Corp. and the Purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on August 28, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 dated November 14, 2024 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 dated November 14, 2024 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 dated November 14, 2024 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 dated November 14, 2024 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 

104.0 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

39 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

AppTech Payments Corp. 

Date: November 18, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Luke
 D Angelo 

Name: 
 Luke D Angelo 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 18, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Meilin Yu 

Name: 
 Meilin Yu 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 apptech_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Luke D Angelo, certify that: 

1. 
 I
have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q/A of AppTech Payments
Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 November 18, 2024 
 /s/ Luke D Angelo 

Luke D Angelo 

Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 apptech_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Meilin Yu, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q/A of AppTech Payments Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 18, 2024 
 /s/
Meilin Yu 

Meilin Yu 

Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 apptech_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
AppTech Payments Corp. on Form 10-Q/A for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Report ), I, Luke D Angelo, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my
knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Date:
November 18, 2024 
 /s/ Luke D Angelo 

Luke D Angelo 

Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 apptech_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of AppTech Payments Corp. on
Form 10-Q/A for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Meilin Yu, Chief Financial Officer of AppTech Payments Corp., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Date:
November 18, 2024 
 /s/ Meilin Yu 

Meilin Yu 

Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 apcx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 apcx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 apcx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 apcx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

