<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1575142_0001640334-24-001752.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3523675</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>63913</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>678050</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>882897</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>797857</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1023878</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-24-001752.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241118180130
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-24-001752
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241118

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIOADAPTIVES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001575142
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				462592228
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54949
		FILM NUMBER:		241472742

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2620 REGATTA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89128
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(702) 659-8829

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2620 REGATTA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89128

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APEX 8 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130424

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-24-001752.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 bdpt_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

bdpt_10q.htm 
 Form (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended: or TRANSITION REPORT PERSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ Commission File Number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non- accelerated filer, or a small reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting Company Emerging Growth Company Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) YES NO Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. common shares issued and outstanding as of November 15, 2024. Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 3 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of operations 16 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 23 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 23 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 25 Item 1A. Risk Factors 25 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 26 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 26 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 26 Item 5. Other Information 26 Item 6. Exhibits 26 Signature 27 2 Table of Contents BIOADAPTIVES, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS UNAUDITED September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash Inventory Security deposit Prepaid expense Total Current Assets License and patent, net TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Derivative liabilities Current portion of convertible notes - net of discount of and Notes Payable Note payable - related party Total Current Liabilities Total Liabilities Stockholders Deficit: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; Series A Preferred Stock shares designated; and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Series B Preferred Stock shares designated; and share issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Series C Preferred Stock shares designated; and share issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Series D Preferred Stock shares designated; and share issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Common stock par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and issuable, respectively) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 3 Table of Contents BIOADAPTIVES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (UNAUDITED) Three Months Ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Cost of revenue Gross Profit (Loss) Operating Expenses General and administrative Professional fees Impairment of inventory Amortization and impairment loss of license and patent Total Operating Expenses Loss from operations Other Income (Expense) Other income Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities Interest expense Change in fair value of derivative liabilities Loss on settlement of debt Total Other Income (Expense) Loss before income taxes Net Loss Net Loss Per Common Share: Basic and Diluted Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding: Basic and Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents BIOADAPTIVES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (UNAUDITED) Series A Preferred stock Series B Preferred stock Series C Preferred stock Series D Preferred stock Common stock Additional paid-in Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount capital Deficit Total Balance, December 31, 2023 - - Series A preferred stock issued for license fee - - - - - - Series B preferred stock issued for license fee - - - - Series B preferred stock issued for settlement of debt - - - - Common stock issued for conversion of debt - - - - Net loss for the period - - - - - Balance, March 31, 2024 - - - Series C preferred stock issued for purchase of inventory - - - - - Common stock issued for conversion of debt - - - - Net loss for the period - - - - - Balance, June 30, 2024 - Series D preferred stock issued for conversion of common stock - - - - - Net loss for the period - - - - - Balance, September 30, 2024 5 Table of Contents Series A Preferred stock Series B Preferred stock Common stock Additional paid-in Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount capital Deficit Total Balance, December 31, 2022 - Common stock issued for conversion of debt - - Net loss for the period - - - Balance, March 31, 2023 - Common stock issued for conversion of debt - - Net loss for the period - - - Balance, June 30, 2023 - Series A preferred stock issued for license fee - - Series B preferred stock issued for settlement of debt - related party - - Series B preferred stock issued for license fee - - Common stock issued for conversion of debt - - Net loss for the period - - - Balance, September 30, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents BIOADAPTIVES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW (UNAUDITED) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Change in fair value of derivative liabilities Impairment of patent Impairment of inventory Amortization of license and patent Amortization of debt discount Loss on settlement of debt Unrealized loss on investments in marketable securities Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expense and other current assets Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Due to related party Net Cash Used in Operating Activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from issuance for common stock Proceed from related party Repayment to related party Proceeds from notes payable Proceeds from convertible notes Proceeds from issuance for preferred stock Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Net change in cash Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Derivative liability recognized as debt discount Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt Issuance Series A preferred stock for license fee Issuance Series B preferred stock for license fee Issuance Series B preferred stock for settlement of debt - related party Issuance Series C preferred stock for purchase of inventory The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 7 Table of Contents BIOADAPTIVES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) Use of estimates Derivative Financial Instruments 8 Table of Contents Series B Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock - Series D Preferred Stock - Convertible notes Total , and a working capital deficit of as of September 30, 2024. The Company requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock is unknown. Obtaining additional financing, successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and the transition, ultimately, to profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. In order to mitigate the risk related with this uncertainty, the Company plans to issue additional shares of common stock for cash and services during the next 12 months. 9 Table of Contents Credit card Accrued salary Accrued interest Accrued liabilities . The notes bear interest and have terms of months. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the interest expense on notes payable was . Convertible Notes - originated in June 2018 Convertible Notes - originated in October 2018 Convertible Notes - issued fiscal year 2023 Total convertible notes payable Less: Unamortized debt discount Total convertible notes Less: current portion of convertible notes Long-term convertible notes For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the interest expense on convertible notes was and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the accrued interest was and , respectively. The Company recognized amortization expense related to the debt discount of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is included in interest expense in the statements of operation. Conversion During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company converted notes with principal amounts of and accrued interest of into shares of common stock. The corresponding derivative liability at the date of conversion of was credited to additional paid in capital. 10 Table of Contents in convertible notes for cash proceeds of . The convertible notes were also provided with a total of common shares valued at . The terms of these convertible notes are summarized as follows: Term two years; Annual interest rates ; . Convertible Notes - Issued during the year ended December 31, 2023 During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company issued a total principal amount of in convertible notes for cash proceeds of . The terms of convertible notes are summarized as follows: Term one year; Annual interest rates ; . 11 Table of Contents - years - years Expected average volatility - - Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate - - The following table summarizes the changes in the derivative liabilities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Addition of new derivatives recognized as debt discounts Addition of new derivatives recognized as loss on derivatives Settled on issuance of common stock (Gain) loss on change in fair value of the derivative Balance - September 30, 2024 The aggregate loss on derivatives during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was as follows. (Gain) loss on change in fair value of the derivative liabilities shares. The Company is authorized to issue shares of par value preferred stock, of which have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock and have been designated as Series B Preferred Stock. 12 Table of Contents , by filing a Certificate of Designation with the Delaware Secretary of State. The Company s board exercised blank check authority to establish classes of preferred stock without approval by shareholders under provision of its original Articles of Incorporation and has designated shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Company may use the Series A Preferred Stock for purpose of asset acquisition or in satisfaction of recognized debt; they are not otherwise available for sale. The Series A Preferred Stock have enhanced voting privileges under certain circumstances; the collective right to appoint elect one director, at the Holders option; and conversion-to-common rights . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock valued at for license fee. There are and shares of Series A shares issued as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Series B Preferred Stock On January 24, 2022, the Company established its Series B Preferred Stock, par value , by filing a Certificate of Designation with the Delaware Secretary of State. The Company s board exercised blank check authority to establish classes of preferred stock without approval by shareholders under provision of its original Articles of Incorporation and has designated shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The Company may use the Series B Preferred Stock for purpose of asset acquisition or in satisfaction of recognized debt; they are not otherwise available for sale. The Series B Preferred Stock have enhanced voting privileges (100:1); the collective right to appoint elect one director, at the Holders option; and conversion-to-common rights . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of Series B Preferred Stock valued at for license fee. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of Series B Preferred Stock valued at for settlement of note payable related party. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and shares of Series B Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding, respectively. Series C Preferred Stock On January 24, 2022, the Company established its Series C Preferred Stock, par value , by filing a Certificate of Designation with the Delaware Secretary of State. The Company s board exercised blank check authority to establish classes of preferred stock without approval by shareholders under provision of its original Articles of Incorporation and has designated shares of Series C Preferred Stock. The Company may use the Series C Preferred Stock for purpose of asset acquisition or in satisfaction of recognized debt; they are not otherwise available for sale. The Series C Preferred Stock have enhanced voting privileges (1000:1); the collective right to appoint elect one director, at the Holders option; and conversion-to-common rights . 13 Table of Contents shares of Series C Preferred Stock valued at for purchase of inventory. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and shares of Series C Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding, respectively. Series D Preferred Stock On July 4, 2024, the Company established its Series D Preferred Stock, par value , by filing a Certificate of Designation with the Delaware Secretary of State. The Company s board exercised blank check authority to establish classes of preferred stock without approval by shareholders under provision of its original Articles of Incorporation and has designated shares of Series D Preferred Stock. The may convert the Series D Preferred Stock to Common Stock at a rate of shares of common stock for each share of Series D Preferred Stock. Each Series D Preferred Stock carries the voting rights equal to 100 shares of Common Stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of Series D Preferred Stock valued at to Gimhana Dissanayake and John Keener. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and shares of Series D Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding, respectively. Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of par value common stock. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. In addition, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of the Company s common stock issuable. Fiscal year 2024 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock valued at for conversion of debt. Warrant On February 6, 2022, in conjunction with purchase of patent, the Company granted shares for period of two years with exercise price of per share. The fair value of granted shares at the issuance date was . The Company recorded warrant as additional paid-in-capital. In February 2024, warrants were expired. 14 Table of Contents and and recognized interest of and , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of Series B preferred stock to settle note payable of and accrued interest of . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded notes payable - related party of and and accrued interest of and , respectively. The note is a interest bearing promissory note that the term is year. Due to related party As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company owed Dr. Edward E. Jacobs, M.D., our CEO, . Employee agreements During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company accrued salary related to employment agreement in 2022 of . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company owes a salary of . Patent Accumulated amortization . The Company agrees to pay a royalty on sales of the Products during the term of licensee s equivalent to 2 5 of gross product sales amounts GPSA ). Such royalty shall be payable only after the Licensor attains a GPSA of 20,000 to 30,000 in any calendar month and shall be payable on the entire GPSA for such period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of and and impairment loss of and , respectively. . The Company recorded security deposit of as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 15 Table of Contents Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This current report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward- looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Our unaudited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this quarterly report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this quarterly report. Our financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. In this quarterly report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common shares refer to the common shares in our capital stock. As used in this quarterly report, the terms we , us , our , Company and BioAdaptives mean BioAdaptives Inc., unless otherwise indicated. 1.OUR BUSINESS Overview BioAdaptives core business is to investigate, market and distribute natural plant and algal-based products and medical devices that improve health and wellness for humans and animals, with an emphasis on weight control, pain relief, anti-viral function, and anti-aging properties. BioAdaptives is reformulating its entire product line and will be bringing out new products in the third quarter of 2024. Effective November 15, 2021, the Company entered into a marketing agreement for an FDA-cleared Class II medical device, the Lung Flute . In April 2024, The Company negotiated with the sole owner of the product to assume their existing stock and their rights to all future activities on this item. It intends to actively expand its sales efforts beyond the direct sale effort of its Lung Cleanser to expand to the medical communities, pharmacies, gyms, athletic clubs, and senior communities both in US and Internationally. The Company is also exploring agreements with other medical device manufacturers; the owners of intellectual property relating to medical devices and processes; and marketing companies associated with these manufacturers and owners. 16 Table of Contents The Company s current products in development include dietary supplements using natural ingredients and proprietary methods of optimizing the availability of nutrients in foods and beverages. The human products are designed to aid in the control of weight. Empowering the user to lose weight while maintaining more of their lean muscle mass. The initial new product line for humans includes Zeranovia for healthy weight loss, Xcellera regenerative stem cell activator, Wynovia to reduce the loss of lean muscle mass while dieting. Our animal products expected in third quarter 2024 are dog treats for anti-aging, wellness, and joint repair. These formulations are based upon extensive trials on humans, dogs, horses, hogs, and mice. The canine product are all in the form of treats making delivery and dosing very simple and effective. Effective February 2, 2022, the Company acquired the exclusive option to purchase U.S. Patent No. 9,783,432B (the Patent ), covering technology used in enhancing the capability of water to hold significantly larger amounts of oxygen. The Agreement also allows the Company a two-year license to use the technology covered by the Patent, including for further development of oxygenated water products for consumers. The Agreement was more fully discussed in the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2022. As a result, The Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, MORO2, Inc. to study the feasibility of this technology. Unfortunately, after spending two years effort seeking a co-packer to manufacture a test run of this product, no co-packer could be located. As a result, it declined the option to purchase this technology and returned the unit to the inventor. The Company signed a dealer s agreement with Pixcelcando out of Europe for their AI Body Composition Analysis technology for US distribution. It is currently carrying out free trial offers to interested parties before its major launching effort in the 2 nd and 3 rd quarters 2024. While we continue to investigate and acquire nutraceutical products for humans and animals, all of our current activities are reliant on marketing and distributing products developed and owned by others. We do not own the formulations for our key products and manufacture and market them under an agreement with the developer that requires payment of a royalty and license agreement We are reliant on direct and indirect sales of the line of human products and the All-in-One animal products for revenues, along with Lung Armor , none of which has produced any significant revenue yet. We have very limited experience in marketing and have yet to develop reliable sales expectations and forecasting. Market and Marketing We market our science-based, quality nutraceuticals to a broad base of the population in the U.S., and are exploring marketing prospects in Asia, Australasia, the Middle East, and Europe. The Company s current target markets also include equine and canine companion animals and equine competitors in the U.S., Australasia and the Middle East. During 2023, we undertook direct mailing, use of social media, trade advertising and existing connections to create awareness about our human and animal products benefits. We are developing affiliate marketing opportunities and recognize that a broader campaign using direct mail, and traditional advertising along with social media and more contemporary marketing tools is necessary. We are pursuing scientific surveys and other testing to demonstrate the usefulness of our products. While we do not anticipate developing testing protocols suitable for FDA approvals, we expect anecdotal and testimonial reports that will be useful in our marketing efforts. The Company is currently continuing participating in a survey involving the use of PluriPain by patients suffering from Gadolinium Deposition Disease GDD ). The survey, conducted by in collaboration with a research team resident affiliated with at Stanford University, is on-going and thehas produced early promising results, with 60 of a small subject population reporting significant relief. We have undertaken preliminary steps toward developing a survey/research protocol for use of the Lung Flute by long-term tobacco smokers and persons regularly exposed to second-hand tobacco smoke. 17 Table of Contents Our products have not changed, except for refinements and improvements, and we will continue to emphasize the unique qualities, use and function of our nutraceuticals. We intend to create market share in our target demographic by (i) emphasizing the benefits of our proprietary algal-based, all-natural, stimulant-free, non-GMO ingredients that combine with proven Traditional Chinese Medicine and Ayurvedic botanicals into science-based formulations, (ii) investigating additional products in response to market demand and testing, and (iii) utilizing our marketing operation to act as its sales and distribution arm to seek additional channels for sales coverage. As noted above, we entered into licensing agreements for the MindnMemory product during 2022. While the product is all-natural botanical formulations, as our other nutraceutical products, they represent a departure from our existing product lines because they are targeted to specific markets: MindnMemory is a nootropic, intended to improve memory, enhances focus, mental clarity. endurance and mental acuity; our initial marketing efforts are oriented toward e-gamers and seniors. The Lung Flute , especially when used with PrimiLungs , shows promise. The device is an FDA-cleared Class II medical device that employs user-generated acoustic waves to loosen lung secretions for expulsion. In short, the device helps users clear their lungs. In conjunction with the anti-viral function of PrimiLungs , the Lung Armor package presents great opportunities in view of current fears of an endemic viral environment. Samples of this device were shipped to Poland for consideration for hospital use. With the Companies expanded interest in this area, we expect greater sales activities will take place in the last two quarters of 2024. In addition, we have started the use of a formulation of PluriPain targeted toward the symptoms of pre-menstrual syndrome and menstrual pain. Anecdotal and testimonial reports have long noted that users obtain relief from these symptoms with use of the PluriPain product, and we have made adjustments and additions to the formulation to target these symptoms. Early reports regarding PluriPain-PMS are promising, and we expect marketing efforts to emphasize the usefulness of the new products. We are hoping that a topical pain relief product to be added to this line. With regard to animal products, in 2020, the Company formed the Livestock Impact Division, which entered into a business relationship with Livestock Impact, Inc. We also entered into a Marketing and Licensing Agreement with the owners of these products providing us with exclusive rights to market these products. The President of the Division is Bruce Colclasure, a National Cutting Horse Association champion who owns and operates the Flying C Bar Ranch and is the breeder and trainer of over 80 NCHA champion cutting horses. Mr. Colclasure uses and endorses our Equine All-in-One , Equine All-in One Plus and Equine All-in-One Extreme products and provides valuable feedback and testimonials regarding its function. In addition, a high-performance formulation of our All-in-One product has been and is used by quarter horse trainers at facilities in Oklahoma and New Mexico, with excellent results. We used these results in our marketing efforts in 2023 and to expand our outreach program in 2024 In 2023 we continued a marketing affiliate outreach program, directly contacting the principals of horse clubs and associations, offering discounts, samples and other inducements, seeking to develop product champion and maven relationships. We have contacted principals in organizations with thousands of members and many more thousands of horses. We have distributed samples and marketing materials to over 40 principals and influencers in regional and breed-specific equine associations and received good feedback from these marketing initiatives. quarter. Our expectation is that the use of the samples by these principals will demonstrate improvements in appearance and performance and that they will, in turn, recommend the product to their members. The Company appointed an exclusive Distributor for its equine line of products in the 3 rd Q 2023 and is actively working with them to expand the marketing effort in 2024. 18 Table of Contents The Company believes that the population growth in the seasoned and geriatric demographic cohort presents a unique opportunity. The World Health Organization has stated that the 60 years and over population segment will more than double from 11 to over 22 between 2000 and 2050, with the absolute number of people aged 60 and over expected to increase to 2 billion within the same period. The Company also recognizes the rising buying power and interests of the Millennials in wellness products and their choice of communication medium being social media and internet. It intends to establish a major focus to capture the anticipated growth in this sector. We believe that our social media promotion program will eventually gain traction and generate revenues, and we are actively seeking a workable, efficient formula to grow consumer engagement and product sales. The Company believes that international sales represent a significant future growth opportunity as aging population growth outside North America exceeds 1 billion people. The Company plans to aggressively pursue international sales by adding salespeople to its marketing effort, including use of social media, developing a network in high-growth APAC regions, and continuing its efforts to register products and trademarks in attractive foreign markets. Manufacturing All of the Company s nutraceutical products are considered dietary supplements or natural foods, and we carefully avoid making health, drug or disease cure claims that could trigger regulatory compliance issues and affect our ability to market BioAdaptives products. Our active ingredients are all plant-, - or algal-based and sourced worldwide from reputable suppliers who employ stringent compliance and sustainable agriculture practices. BioAdaptives actively investigates new products, techniques and novel applications of existing products or technology in our research. The Company s research work has centered on investigations of all-natural supplement formulations that activate primitive cells, including stem cells and their derivatives, and natural ingredients that encourage stem cell proliferation. In 2022, the Company started a line of products utilizing both algae and mushrooms. With regard to medical devices, we have in April 2024 purchased the LungFlute from the sole US affiliated with the patent holder. We do not expect to develop any direct capability to manufacture medical devices for numerous reasons, including a lack of capital and the fact that amortized cost of such facilities, if we were to construct or acquire them, is generally far higher compared to the cost of purchase of a finished product. As noted above, it is our intention to operate primarily as a marketing company, developing consumer markets for nutraceutical products and medical devices that we license or market for others. Employees In 2024, The Company has 3 full-time non-executive employees and 2 part-time employees. We retain hourly labor on an as-needed basis and professional consultants to operate our business. The management of the Company expects to continue use of outside consultants, attorneys, and accountants, as necessary, so long as it is seeking and evaluating business opportunities. The need for additional employees, and their availability, will be addressed in connection with the decision whether or not to acquire or participate in specific business opportunities. 19 Table of Contents 2. LIQUITITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES : Liquidity -- Financial Performance Three and Nine months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 We had a net loss of 37,649 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, which was 24,588 more than the net loss of 13,061 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. The change in our results is mainly due to the Change in other income (Expenses), impairment loss of patent and write-off of inventories recorded as const of revenue. We had a net loss of 527,373 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, which was 83,208 more than the net loss of 444,165 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. The change in our results is mainly due to impairment loss of patent and write-off of inventories recorded as const of revenue. The following table summarizes key items of comparison and their related increase (decrease) for the Three-month periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Revenue - 15,649 (15,649 Cost of sales - 10,999 (10,999 Operating expenses 121,941 96,863 25,078 Other income 84,292 79,152 5,140 Net loss (37,649 (13,061 (24,588 Revenue During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not generate any revenues. Operation Expenses Our general, administrative and professional fees are largely attributable to office, rent, advertising, consultants and transfer agent, legal, accounting and audit fees related to our reporting requirements as a public company as well as stock-based compensation for officers, directors and consultants, as well as amortization of license and patent. The increase in operating expenses was primarily due to an impairment of inventory and patent. Other Income (Expense) Other expenses consist of interest expenses of 9,697 and 20,625, change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 93,989 and 261,488, unrealized loss on marketable securities of 0 and 11 and loss for debt settlement of 0 and 161,700 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net Loss As a result of our operating expenses, the Company reported a net loss of 37,649 and 13,061 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 20 Table of Contents The following table summarizes key items of comparison and their related increase (decrease) for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023: Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Revenue 12,669 21,364 (8,695 Cost of sales 8,640 13,244 (4,604 Operating expenses 268,780 175,257 93,523 Other expenses (262,622 (277,028 14,406 Net loss (527,373 (444,165 (83,208 Revenue Our revenues have been derived entirely from product sales. It reflects a mixture predominantly through wholesale of LiveStock Impact, Inc products and the retail of a small amount of BioAdaptives human supplements. Because of the wholesale element, margins for products are much tighter than previously when all sales were through retail web sales. Cost of Sales Our cost of sales is primarily derived from contract manufacturing expenses and shipping and handling expenses related to customer fulfillment. We also expense marketing expenses, which includes the cost of samples or products provided for promotional purposes and website content development. We have contracted for consulting services relating to website and product label redesign and another web sales outreach campaign, and we expect expenses to accrue for such services in 3 rd .Q 2024, and beyond. Operation Expenses Our general, administrative and professional fees are largely attributable to office, rent, advertising, consultants and transfer agent, legal, accounting and audit fees related to our reporting requirements as a public company as well as stock-based compensation for officers, directors and consultants, as well as amortization of license and patent. The increase in operating expenses was primarily due to an impairment of inventory and patent. Other Income (Expense) Other expenses consist of interest expenses of 82,281 and 123,941, change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 185,291 and 8,644, other income of 4,950 and 0, unrealized loss on marketable securities of 0 and 31 and loss on settlement of debt 0 and 161,700 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net Loss As a result of our operating expenses the Company reported a net loss of 527,373 and 444,165 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Capital Resources Balance Sheet and Cash Flows Our balance sheet as of September 30, 2024, reflects current assets of 46,393, including cash in the amount of 43,893. We currently meet cash requirements by infusions of cash from issuance of notes to finance partners, through RegA subscriptions and advances from shareholders. Most of these notes have conversion features that require accounting for derivative liabilities. We are hopeful that future Reg. A+ offerings will help to reduce our financing costs but can provide no assurances as to whether our offering will be successful. September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Change Current Assets 46,393 88,557 (42,164 Current Liabilities 1,851,754 1,750,629 101,125 Working Capital (Deficiency) (1,805,361 (1,662,072 (143,289 21 Table of Contents Cash Flows Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Cash used in Operating Activities (148,979 (132,477 (16,502 Cash used in Investing Activities - - - Cash provided by Financing Activities 132,096 259,144 (127,048 Net Increase (Decrease) In Cash During Period (16,883 126,667 (143,550 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 148,979, an increase of 16,502 from net cash used of 132,477 in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash Flows from Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 132,096 from proceeds from notes payable and issuance of preferred stock. Net cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 259,144 from proceeds from issuance of common stock, related party, net of repayment, and convertible notes. As of September 30, 2024, we have insufficient cash to operate our business at the current level for the next twelve months and insufficient cash to achieve our business goals. The success of our business plan beyond the next 12 months is contingent upon us obtaining additional financing. We intend to fund operations through debt and/or equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund our capital expenditures, working capital, or other cash requirements. We do not have any formal commitments or arrangements for the sales of stock or the advancement or loan of funds at this time. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Critical Accounting Estimates -- Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred losses since inception and had an accumulated deficit of 6,861,859, and a working capital deficit of 1,805,361 as of September 30, 2024. The Company requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock is unknown. Obtaining additional financing, successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and the transition, ultimately, to profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. In order to mitigate the risk related with this uncertainty, the Company plans to issue additional shares of common stock for cash and services during the next 12 months. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, and capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders. 22 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis and base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for the judgments we make about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Because these estimates can vary depending on the situation, actual results may differ from these estimates. Making estimates and judgments about future events is inherently unpredictable and is subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position and statement of cash flows. Recent Accounting Pronouncements The Company has evaluated recent pronouncements through Accounting Standards Updates ASU and believes that none of them will have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, September 30, 2024. This evaluation was carried out under supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon that evaluation, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this report due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, which is described below. 23 Table of Contents Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of September 30, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment. and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines. We plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we hope to implement the following changes during our fiscal year ending December 31, 2024: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out in (i) and (ii) are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner. To a certain extent, the size of our operation provides inherent checks and balances relative to internal controls: Because of our limited staff size and the integration of our executives and directors in operations, the prospect for significant internal control failures resulting in unreliable financial statements or worse is remote. Regardless, we recognize the importance of multiple layers of reporting and controls and are working toward improving our capabilities. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 24 Table of Contents PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings At this time, we know of no pending legal proceedings to which we are a party, either individually or in the aggregate. We are from time-to-time, during the normal course of our business operations, subject to various litigation claims and legal disputes. There are no such claims or disputes pending at this time and we have not been notified of any possible claims or disputes. Item 1A. Risk Factors As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Covid-19 Pandemic Impact and Risk At this time, it is not possible to fully assess the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s operations and capital requirements. While we have noted that economic headwinds have eased generally, our business is impacted by numerous other influences. Business activities from 1Q 2020 onward were substantially curtailed: Our key executives were unable to travel, which impacted on our financing operations. Consumer demand was generally down in our target markets, even though we offer products that are generally considered to promote health. We delayed much of our marketing activity due to travel, funding and perceived demand issues. We re-launched our marketing efforts during 1Q 2022, but these have slowed to gain traction. The other factors impeding the growth of our business have significantly changed: travel restrictions have eased, and our finance partners have cash for investments or debt issuance. Consumer demand for our products, however, has not increased significantly. We believe this has more to do with poor reception to our marketing initiatives and the fact that we operate in a crowded market space, with several better-known and capitalized competitors. The CDC reports that US children and adults should remain vigilant to new mutations of the COVID-19 virus, and that the pandemic will likely continue to impact groups that comprise our intended consumers. Should the pandemic reignite, the Company may be faced with the same headwinds we saw during 2021, which may adversely affect the Company s ability to (i) retain employees and consultants; (ii) obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all; (iii) delay regulatory submissions and approvals, if required; (iv) delay, limit or preclude the Company from securing manufacturing sites, partnerships or marketing agreements; (v) delay, limit or preclude the Company from achieving technology or product development goals, milestones, or objectives; and (vi) preclude or delay entry into joint venture or partnership arrangements. The occurrence of any one or more of such events may affect the Company s ability to execute its business plan. During 2Q 2022, the Company commenced sponsorship of a COVID Long Hauler Survey, providing funding for scientific uses and samples of our pain, pulmonary and sleep products to participants. While we do not (and cannot) make any manner of drug-type or treatment claims regarding disease, the Company has received anecdotal reports that certain combinations of our products provide relief from certain long-term COVID symptoms, including brain fog, persistent pain, and sleep disruptions. Although we are careful not to make any COVID-related claims in our marketing materials, we intend to pursue this survey for general scientific purposes to determine additional uses for our products and has continue to support covid related testings. The Company s priority and commitment is to the health and security of its team members, their families and its partners through this unprecedented pandemic. The Company has no insight into what would happen if COVID is to affect the economy again with its possible resurgence. 25 Table of Contents Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds None. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities The Company has no senior securities, but has outstanding instruments previously characterized as unsecured convertible debentures. These instruments are not senior to any other Company obligation. The Company arranged extension and forbearance agreements with the holders of the 12 Debentures, which were issued in 2018 and were due at various times in 2020. Our agreement called for the extension of these obligations on the same terms until December 31, 2021, in exchange for current interest payments and delivery of 280,000 shares of its common stock (total). We are currently in default on these obligations but are working on an alternative resolution. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information Nothing to add. Item 6. Exhibits 31.1 Section 302 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer 31.2 Section 302 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer 32.1 Section 906 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer 32.2 Section 906 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer 26 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. BioAdaptives Inc. (Registrant) Dated: November 19, 2024 /s/ James Keener. James Keener Chief Executive Officer 27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bdpt_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 bdpt_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 BIOADAPTIVES INC.OFFICER S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 I, James Keener, certify that. 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of BioAdaptives Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, which involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: November 19, 2024 /s/James Keener By: James Keener Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 bdpt_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 bdpt_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 BIOADAPTIVES INC.OFFICER S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 I, James Keener, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of BioAdaptives Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, which involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: November 19, 2024 /s/James Keener By: James Keener Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 bdpt_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 bdpt_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of BioAdaptives Inc. (the Registrant) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Edward E. Jacobs, Jr, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Edward E. Jacobs, Jr and will be retained by BioAdaptives Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission for or its staff upon request. Dated: November 19, 2024 /s/James Keener James Keener Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 bdpt_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 bdpt_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 BIOADAPTIVES INC.CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of BioAdaptives Inc. (the Registrant) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, James Keener, Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Robert W. Ellis and will be retained by BioAdaptives Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. Dated: November 19, 2024 /s/James Keener James Keener Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bdpt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bdpt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bdpt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 bdpt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

