<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241127_10-K-A_edgar_data_8504_0001493152-24-047969.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18187189</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>389507</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4450257</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6213932</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2894670</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3790929</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-047969.hdr.sgml : 20241127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241127142454
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-047969
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000008504
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT [3721]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				880422242
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36492
		FILM NUMBER:		241509982

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8201 E. 34TH CIR N
		CITY:			WICHITA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			67226
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(620) 325-6363

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8201 E. 34TH CIR N
		CITY:			WICHITA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			67226

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EnerJex Resources, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060926

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MILLENNIUM PLASTICS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000525

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AURORA CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990825

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-047969.txt : 20241127

10-K/A
 1
 form10-ka.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to ________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, emerging growth company 
and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of
the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that require a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was
 . 

As
of November 26, 2024, there were 
(after a 50:1 reverse stock split effective October 15, 2024) shares of Common Stock, par value 
per share, issued and outstanding 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

E XPLANATORY NOTE 

PART
 I 
 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 5 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 25 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 38 
 
 ITEM
 1C. 
 CYBER-SECURITY 
 38 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 40 
 
 PART
 II 
 
 41 
 
 ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 41 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 42 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 42 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 53 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 53 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 53 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 53 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 54 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 54 
 
 PART
 III 
 
 55 
 
 ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 55 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 55 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 55 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 55 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 55 
 
 PART
 IV 
 
 56 
 
 ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS,
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES 
 56 
 
 INDEX
 TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM
 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 57 

2 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

Background
of Restatement 

Subsequent
to the filing of our Original Form 10-K and Original Form 10-Qs, management identified an error in the computation of net loss attributable
to common stockholders and total comprehensive loss as presented on our audited and unaudited consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss included in the Original Form 10-K and Original Forms 10-Q, respectively. The error in the computation of net loss
attributable to common stockholders resulted in an understatement of net loss per common share basic and diluted as presented on our
unaudited and audited consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for all quarterly and year end reporting periods during
our fiscal year 2023, respectively. 

The
net loss attributable to common stockholders erroneously excluded accrued cumulative dividends on outstanding Series F preferred stock
and deemed dividends resulting from the triggering of down round features embedded within outstanding equity-linked financial instruments.
Pursuant to ASC 260 Earnings Per Share, income available to common stockholders shall be computed by deducting dividends accumulated
for the period on cumulative preferred stock. Also, the value of the effect of a down round feature shall be recognized in an equity-classified
freestanding financial instrument when the down round feature is triggered. That effect shall be treated as a dividend and as an increase
to net loss attributable to common stockholders in the computation of earnings per share. 

Further,
the accrued cumulative dividends and deemed dividends were included as a component of other comprehensive loss. However, pursuant to
 ASC 220 Income Statement Reporting Comprehensive Income items required to be reported as direct adjustments to
additional paid-in capital and retained earnings are not considered to be components of other comprehensive income(loss). 

On
November 7, 2024, the audit committee of the Company s board of directors concluded, after discussion with the Company s management,
that the previously issued consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the Forms 10-Q
for the quarterly periods March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023 should no longer be relied upon due to the errors discussed
above and required restatement. This Amendment No. 1 reflects the changes discussed above as of and for the years ended December 31,
2023, and 2022 and restates the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. This Amendment No. 1 also
includes expanded financial and other disclosures in lieu of filing separate amended Form 10-Q/As for each of the quarters ended March
31, 2023, June 30, 2023, and September 30, 2023. We believe that the filing of this expanded annual report enables us to provide information
to investors in a more efficient manner than separately filing each of the amended filings described above. 

Refer
to Note 17 included in this Form 10-K/A to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details of the correction of
the errors and a summary of the impact on the consolidated financial statements for all periods impacted by the error, which was isolated
to the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

In
light of the errors, discovered in prior reporting period, we have also amended Item 9A Controls and Procedures to modify our
original conclusion that our controls over financial reporting were effective. 

3 

PART
I 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors
are cautioned that such forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently
available to our management and involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our plans, strategies,
objectives, expectations and intentions, which are subject to change at any time at our discretion. Forward-looking statements include
our assessment, from time to time of our competitive position, the industry environment, potential growth opportunities, the effects
of regulation and events outside of our control, such as natural disasters, wars or health epidemics. Forward-looking statements include
all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as anticipates, believes, 
 could, estimates, expects, hopes, intends, may, plans, 
 potential, predicts, projects, should, will, would 
or similar expressions. 

Forward-looking
statements are merely predictions and therefore inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors which could cause the actual results
to differ materially from the forward-looking statement. These uncertainties and other factors include, among other things: 

unexpected
 technical and marketing difficulties inherent in major research and product development efforts; 

our
 ability to remain a market innovator, to create new market opportunities, and/or to expand into new markets; 

the
 potential need for changes in our long-term strategy in response to future developments; 

our
 ability to attract and retain skilled employees; 

our
 ability to raise sufficient capital to support our operations and fund our growth initiatives; 

unexpected
 changes in significant operating expenses, including components and raw materials; 

any
 disruptions or threatened disruptions to or relations with our resellers, suppliers, customers and employees, including shortages
 in components for our products; 

changes
 in the supply, demand and/or prices for our products; 

increased
 competition, including from companies which may have substantially greater resources than we have, and, in the unmanned aircraft
 systems segments from lower-cost commercial drone manufacturers who may seek to enhance their systems capabilities over time; 

the
 complexities and uncertainty of obtaining and conducting international business, including export compliance and other reporting
 and compliance requirements; 

the
 impact of potential security and cyber threats or the risk of unauthorized access to our, our customers and/or our suppliers 
 information and systems; 

uncertainty
 in the customer adoption rate of commercial use unmanned aerial systems; 

4 

changes
 in the regulatory environment and the consequences to our financial position, business and reputation that could result from failing
 to comply with such regulatory requirements; 

our
 ability to continue to successfully integrate acquired companies into our operations, including the ability to timely and sufficiently
 integrate international operations into our ongoing business and compliance programs; 

our
 ability to respond and adapt to unexpected legal, regulatory and government budgetary changes, including those resulting from the
 ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, such as supply chain disruptions, vaccine mandates, the threat of future variants and resulting
 government-mandated shutdowns, quarantine policies, travel restrictions and social distancing, export compliance requirements,
 curtailment of trade and other business restrictions affecting our ability to manufacture and sell our products; 

failure
 to develop new products or integrate new technology into current products; 

unfavorable
 results in legal proceedings to which we may be subject; 

failure
 to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; and 

general
 economic and business conditions in the United States and elsewhere in the world, including the impact of inflation. 

Set
forth below in Item 1A, Risk Factors, are additional significant uncertainties and other factors affecting forward-looking
statements. The reader should understand that the uncertainties and other factors identified in this Annual Report are not a comprehensive
list of all the uncertainties and other factors that may affect forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to update
or revise any forward-looking statements or the list of uncertainties and other factors that could affect those statements. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

AgEagle 
 Aerial Systems Inc. AgEagle or the Company ), through its wholly owned subsidiaries, is actively engaged
in designing and delivering best-in-class drones, sensors and software that solve important problems for our customers. Founded in 2010,
AgEagle was originally formed to pioneer proprietary, professional-grade, fixed-winged drones and aerial imagery-based data collection
and analytics solutions for the agriculture industry. Today, the Company is earning distinction as a globally respected market leader
offering customer-centric, advanced, autonomous unmanned aerial systems UAS which drive revenue at the intersection of
flight hardware, sensors and software for industries that include agriculture, military/defense, public safety, surveying/mapping and
utilities/engineering, among others. AgEagle has also achieved numerous regulatory firsts, including earning governmental approvals for
its commercial and tactical drones to fly Beyond Visual Line of Sight BVLOS and/or Operations Over People OOP in the United States, Canada, Brazil and the European Union and being awarded Blue UAS certification from the Defense Innovation Unit
of the U.S. Department of Defense. 

AgEagle s
shift and expansion from solely manufacturing fixed-wing farm drones in 2018, to offering what the Company believes is one of the industry s
best fixed-wing, full-stack drone solutions, culminated in 2021 when the Company acquired three market-leading companies engaged in producing
UAS airframes, sensors and software for commercial and government use. In addition to a robust portfolio of proprietary, connected hardware
and software products; an established global network of over 200 UAS resellers; and enterprise customers worldwide; these acquisitions
also brought AgEagle a highly valuable workforce comprised largely of experienced engineers and technologists with deep expertise in
the fields of robotics, automation, manufacturing and data science. In 2022, the Company successfully integrated all three acquired companies
with AgEagle to form one global company focused on taking autonomous flight performance to a higher level. 

5 

Our
core technological capabilities include robotics and robotics systems autonomy; advanced thermal and multispectral sensor design and
development; embedded software and firmware; secure wireless digital communications and networks; lightweight airframes; small UAS sUAS design, integration and operations; power electronics and propulsion systems; controls and systems integration; fixed wing flight; flight
management software; data capture and analytics; human-machine interface development and integrated mission solutions. 

As the Company pursues its strategy to pursue new initiatives that improve its operations and cost structure, the
Company is also expanding and improving its information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence, utilization of cloud 
computing services, and corresponding exposure to cybersecurity risk. Certain technologies, such as use of autonomous vehicles, remote-controlled
equipment, virtual reality, automation and artificial intelligence, present new and significant cybersecurity safety risks that must be
analyzed and addressed before implementation. If we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with new initiatives, we
may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. As such, the Company is developing and securing technology that aims to secure against
hacking and malicious attacks. As the software that drives our drones and cameras become more autonomous and interconnected, they become
potential targets for cyber threats. Ensuring the security of data transmission and control systems has been and continue to be critical
in preventing unauthorized access and misuse. 

The
Company is currently headquartered in Wichita, Kansas, where we house our sensor manufacturing operations, and we operate our business
and drone manufacturing in Raleigh, North Carolina and Lausanne, Switzerland which supports our international business activities. 

Strategic
Acquisitions in 2021(the 2021 Acquisitions 

MicaSense ,
Inc. 

In
January 2021, AgEagle acquired MicaSense , Inc. MicaSense ), a company that has been at the forefront of advanced
drone sensor development since its founding in 2014. In early 2022, AgEagle completed development and brought to market the Altum-PT 
 and RedEdge-P -- next generation thermal and multispectral sensors which offer critical advancements
on MicaSense s legacy sensor products to customers primarily in agriculture, plant research, land management and forestry management.
Today, AgEagle s multispectral sensors are distributed in over 75 countries worldwide and help customers use drone-based imagery
to make better and more informed business decisions. 

Measure
Global, Inc . 

In
April 2021, AgEagle acquired Measure Global, Inc. Measure ), a company founded in 2020. Serving a world class customer
base, Measure enables its customers to realize the transformative benefits of drone technology through its Ground Control solution.
Offered as Software-as-a-Service SaaS ), Ground Control is a cloud-based, plug-and-play operating system that empowers
pilots and large enterprises with everything they need to operate drone fleets, fly autonomously, collaborate globally, visualize data,
and integrate with existing business systems and processes. Ground Control serves a world class customer base, including many Fortune
500 companies. By adding Measure s advanced software to the AgEagle platform, combined with its sensors and other data capture
and analytics innovations, our customers can capitalize on the significant economic, safety and efficiency benefits made possible by
drones used at scale. 

senseFly ,
S.A. 

In
October 2021, the Company acquired senseFly, S.A. and senseFly Inc. (collectively senseFly ), a global leader in fixed-wing
drones that simplify the collection and analysis of geospatial data, allowing professionals to make better and faster decisions. Founded
in 2009, senseFly develops and produces a proprietary line of eBee -branded, high performance, fixed-wing drones which have
flown more than one million flights around the world. Safe, ultra-light and easy to use, these autonomous drones are utilized by thousands
of customers around the world in agriculture, government/defense, engineering, and construction, among other industry verticals, to collect
actionable aerial data intelligence. 

6 

2022
Integration Activities 

In
2022, the Company built an enterprise architecture designed to seamlessly integrate the acquisitions completed in 2021, thereby unifying
four disparate brands under one global brand: AgEagle. As part of this process, AgEagle executed an action plan to create long-term sustainable
value through the efficiencies derived from economies of scale, sharing and optimizing resources in particular, human capital
and knowledge and combining assets. Critical to the success of the integration and integral to the Company s ability to
stay disciplined, structurally organized and rooted in its core values was: 

implementation
 of a new enterprise resource planning ERP system and ongoing optimization will be in process through 2024; 

collapse
 of all acquired websites and the creation and launch of one website, found at www.ageagle.com, showcasing the Company s full
 suite of products and capabilities and was completed in 2023; 

creation
 of an Intranet employee portal to support and promote enterprise-wide communication and connectivity and was completed in 2023; 

consolidation
 of the Company s business and manufacturing operations in the United States from multiple offices spread across the country
 in Kansas, North Carolina, Texas, Washington and Washington, D.C. to three centralized locations in Wichita, Kansas, Raleigh, North
 Carolina and Lausanne, Switzerland an initiative which commenced in late 2022 and was completed in 2023; 

commitment
 to on-going customer-centric product development roadmaps designed to best leverage the right combination of process, tools, training
 and project management to effectively meet product enhancement and new product launch deadlines and achieve post-launch sales and
 marketing key performance indicators; and 

shifts
 in the responsibilities of senior and mid-level management to optimize strengths and squarely align functional and cross-functional
 goals and objectives, which we monitor continually as an ongoing initiative. 

Our
Branded Line of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles 

eBee 
 Line of Professional Drones 

Sold
worldwide through AgEagle s direct sales team and global network of trusted resellers, the Company s eBee line of
commercial and government/military UAS have logged more than 500,000 flight hours on more than one million successful missions over the
past decade. Moreover, according to AgEagle s analysis of official FAA Part 107 commercial drone registration data supplied to
the Company pursuant to a Freedom of Information Act Request submission, from 2016 through 2021, the eBee was the commercial sUAS
of choice for U.S. commercial drone operators, outnumbering all other fixed wing drones registered, including Vertical Take-Off and Landing VTOL aircraft, accounting for 41 of all commercial fixed-wing drone registrations in the United States. 

eBee
 Ag a reliable, affordable drone solution to help farmers, agronomists and service providers map and monitor crops
 quickly and easily. The eBee Ag and its drone sensor deliver timely plant health insights with accuracy and efficiency that
 complements precision agriculture workflows. With its dual-purpose Duet M camera, eBee Ag captures accurate RGB and
 multispectral data from the sky to help users make better decisions on the ground. eBee Ag also features available Real-Time
 Kinematic RTK functionality for greater mapping precision. With its available RTK, the agriculture drone can achieve
 absolute accuracy down to 2.5 cm (1.0 inch) with its RGB camera. Highly-accurate vegetative index maps allow users to understand
 every acre while managing problematic areas field-wide before they impact profits. Equipped with its standard battery, eBee
 Ag is capable of up to 45-minutes of flight. An available endurance battery increases flight times up to 55 minutes 
 allowing the drone to cover more than 160 hectares (395 acres) in a single flight and save precious time and money when compared
 with conventional crop scouting. It was announced on February 14, 2024 that the eBee Ag was placed on end-of-life and unavailable
 for sale. Enhancements were made to the eBee X to use as a replacement for this product. 

7 

eBee
 Geo an affordable fixed-wing mapping drone designed to meet the highest demands of surveyors, civil engineers and
 GIS professionals worldwide. Built upon more than 10 years of drone mapping experience, eBee Geo is rugged, intuitive to
 operate and makes surveying and mapping small to large areas faster and more efficient than using terrestrial surveying equipment
 alone. The data collected can quickly be processed into highly-accurate georeferenced orthomosaics, digital elevation models,
 digital surface models and high-density point clouds to bring additional value beyond common vectors. Designed to complement the
 user s surveying toolkit , eBee Geo comes with everything needed to get started, including professional drone camera
 technology and eMotion , AgEagle s flight planning software originally designed and developed by senseFly. With eBee
 Geo, a user can map up to 160 ha (395 ac) at 120 m (400 ft) with a maximum flight time of 45 minutes. eBee Geo is also
 available with RTK positioning. Combined with the Company s purpose-built Sensor Optimized for Drone Applications
 S.O.D.A , users are assured of sharp, accurate mapping outputs even in the harshest conditions. It was
 announced on February 14, 2024 that the eBee Geo was placed on end-of-life and unavailable for sale. Enhancements were made to the
 eBee X to use as a replacement for this product. 

eBee
 TAC Designed specifically for government and military mapping and mission planning applications,
 the eBee TAC operates in disconnected environments, providing a higher accuracy mobile solution to map and locally share aerial
 imagery data on rapidly changing field conditions to analyze and provide near real-time situational awareness to ground forces. Weighing
 only 3.5 pounds and featuring a digital camouflage skin for increased stealth and up to 90 minutes flight time and silent mission
 mode, the eBee TAC can be rapidly deployed, from assembly to hand-launch, in three minutes by a single user to generate 3D
 modeling, terrain and thermal maps. Each system features National Defense Authorization Act NDAA compliant drone,
 sensors and active components, secure extension, Endurance activation, two Endurance batteries, one Pitot Pro-kit, two micro-SD cards
 with adapters, AES256-bit encryption, pixel camouflage and an IP67 hard transport case with STANAG military standard certification
 that is lightweight, rugged and dust and water resistant. Camera options include RGB, multispectral and thermal payloads; and the
 system can also be upgraded to include additional features and payloads. 

In
 March 2022, AgEagle s eBee TAC Unmanned Aerial System was the first approved drone to be added to the U.S. Department
 of Defense s DoD Defense Innovation Unit s DIU Blue UAS Cleared List as part of Blue
 sUAS 2.0. The eBee TAC successfully completed a series of demonstrations in association with Blue sUAS 2.0 to provide the
 DIU with information and verification of the drone systems mission planning and launch capabilities, range and endurance,
 NDAA compliance, operational safety of flight procedures and cyber security, in addition to scripted and ad hoc flight profiles.
 Based on its evaluation, the DIU designated the eBee TAC as an approved light-weight, medium-range UAS available for immediate
 procurement by the DoD without a waiver to operate; and is also available for procurement by other Federal Government agencies. AgEagle s
 success with Blue sUAS 2.0 follows eBee s use as an integral asset for both conventional and unconventional Department
 of Defense units for over five years. 

eBee
 X the eBee X has been recognized as the fixed-wing drone that revolutionized the unmanned aerial vehicle sector
 with its ease-of-use and multiple, state-of-the-art sensors designed to suit a wide range of mapping jobs. At just 1.6 kg (3.5 lbs.),
 eBee X is a lightweight, ultra-portable solution that is easy for a single person to operate. With a unique Endurance Extension
 option enabling a flight time of up to 90 minutes and single-flight coverage of up to 500 ha at 122m (1,236 acres at 400 ft.), the
 eBee X is a premium drone that offers users the high-precision of on-demand RTK/PPK for achieving absolute accuracy of down
 to 1.5 cm (0.6 in) without ground control points. This capability makes the eBee X ideal for BVLOS operations, such
 as long corridor mapping missions for utility companies, expansive crop scouting in agriculture and by enterprise customers who desire
 a robust and professional drone fleet. 

The
 eBee X has proven that it meets the highest possible quality and ground risk safety standards, and due to its lightweight
 design, the effects of ground impact are reduced. Consequently, the eBee X has been granted BVLOS operations permission in
 Brazil and has been approved to run OOP and BVLOS operations in Canada. 

On
 June 21, 2022, the Company announced that the eBee X was the first drone in its class to receive design verification essential
 for BVLOS and OOP from the European Union Aviation Safety Agency, enabling drone operations to seek Specific Operations Risk Assessment
 SORA authorization to fly BVLOS and OOP with eBee X in 27 European Union member states, as well as Iceland, Lichtenstein,
 Norway and Switzerland. 

8 

In
 October 2022, the eBee X series of fixed wing unmanned aircraft systems, including the eBee X , eBee Geo and
 eBee TAC , were the first and only drones on the market to comply with Category 3 of the Operations of Small Unmanned Aircraft
 Systems Over People rules published in the Federal Registry by the FAA in March 2021. Securing a Part 107 certificate of waiver from
 the FAA is a long, arduous and costly process for sUAS users. Now that the eBee has proven compliant with Category 3 of the
 rules, eBee drone operators no longer need an FAA waiver for OOP or Operations Over Moving Vehicles. This major milestone
 was achieved by AgEagle following months of work, historic reliability review and extensive testing conducted by Virginia Tech Mid-Atlantic
 Aviation Partnership MAAP ). Becoming the first and only UAS approved for OOP and over moving vehicles in the U.S.
 is expected to have material impact on AgEagle s growth and standing as a recognized leader in the industry in the years to
 come. 

eBee
 VISION in December 2022, AgEagle announced its latest innovation in commercial and tactical drone technology with
 the unveiling of its new eBee VISION Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance ISR UAS . Scheduled
 for global commercial release during the first quarter of 2024, the eBee VISION delivers high resolution, medium-range video
 imagery made possible by its 32x zoom and powerful thermal observation capabilities. Its sensor payloads are capable of detecting,
 tracking and geo-locating objects in both day and night conditions. Offering up to 90 minutes of flight time and the same ease-of-use
 that has earned AgEagle s eBee line of drones industry distinction, the eBee VISION can be deployed and operated
 by a single person. Designed, developed and manufactured by AgEagle s research and development team in Switzerland, the eBee
 VISION is NDAA compliant, weighs less than 3.5 pounds/1.6 kilograms and can be carried in a backpack. 

In
 December 2022, eBee VISION prototypes were successfully tested by European Armed Forces. According to an official from a UAV
 experimentation unit of a European military force present at the testing, eBee VISION s specifications fill the
 gap between low endurance quadcopters and large military fixed-wing drones. The small size, lightweight, ease-of-use, autonomy, range
 and sensor capabilities make it a promising drone for tactical ISR missions. 

As
 a result of the tests, European military units have ordered multiple eBee VISION prototypes, with delivery having occurred in late 2023. Commercial production of eBee VISION is planned for worldwide availability in early-2024 worldwide. Additional
 demonstrations with other military forces in the United States and NATO countries are being scheduled for the first quarter of
 2024. 

Market
Opportunity for UAVs 

Drones
have transformed from being freelance videographer toys to mission critical inspection tools for enterprise businesses like
construction, energy and agriculture, and for military/defense applications worldwide. Moreover, the number of use cases for drones
has also grown as drone hardware has become more advanced, safer and more reliable. Advanced aerial mapping, crop monitoring,
publicly safety uses, disaster response and consumer drone deliveries have all become available as the commercial drone industry has
matured. 

According
to DRONEII s Drone Market Report, published in September 2022, the overall global drone market was worth an estimated 30.6 billion
in 2022 and is expected to experience a compound annual growth rate CAGR of 8.3 through the year 2030, reaching 55.8
billion. Even more bullish on its industry outlook, Precedence Research reported in July 2022 that it believes the commercial drone market
segment alone is poised to grow from 24.4 billion in 2022 to 504 billion by 2030, representing a 46.04 CAGR over the forecast period
2022 to 2030. 

In
September 2022, the Drone Infrastructure Inspection Grant Act was passed by the U.S. House of Representatives. This bi-partisan bill
establishes programs within the Department of Transportation DOT to support the use of drones and other sUAS when inspecting,
repairing or constructing road infrastructure, electric grid infrastructure, water infrastructure or other critical infrastructure. Specifically,
DOT must award grants in the aggregate of 100 million to state, tribal and local governments, metropolitan planning organizations, or
groups of those entities to purchase or otherwise use drones to increase efficiency, reduce costs, improve worker and community safety,
reduce carbon emissions, or meet other priorities related to critical infrastructure projects. Grant recipients must use domestically
manufactured drones that are made by companies not subject to influence or control from certain foreign entities, including China and
Russia. This legislation is supported by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, National League of Cities, National Council of State Legislatures,
American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials, Commercial Drone Alliance and Association of Unmanned Vehicle Systems
International among others. This bill is currently pending approval by the U.S. Senate. 

9 

On
the military/defense front, drone technologies are providing numerous tactical advantages to warfighters worldwide, including conducting
surveillance and mapping missions; relaying crucial real-time information on enemy movements, locations and positions of strategic targets;
and transporting valuable supplies and equipment to remote or far-forward areas, among other tactical capabilities. In its 2023 report
titled Global Military Drones Market, The Business Research Company TBRC noted that the global military
drones market size will grow from 14.54 billion 2022 to 15.88 billion in 2023 at a CAGR of 9.2 . Moreover, by 2027, the market size
is forecast to climb to 20.64 by 2027, a 6.8 CAGR. TBRC s report notes that increasing government funding for military drones
to enhance efficiency in military operations is boosting the demand for production of military drones. The report further cites a May
2021 article published by the National Defense Industrial Association, a U.S.-based trade association for the United States government
and defense industry, which revealed that in fiscal year 2021, the DoD allotted 7.5 billion for a range of robotic platforms and associated
technologies. For the purchase of unmanned systems, the Navy and Air Force each received about 1.1 billion; the Army received 885 million;
the Marine Corps received 70 million; and the U.S. Special Operations Command SOCOM received 90 million. 

Sensor
Solutions 

Setting
entirely new standards of excellence for high resolution aerial imaging solutions, our proprietary thermal and multispectral sensors
are broadly recognized as the cameras of choice worldwide for advanced applications in agriculture, plant research, land management and
forestry management. 

Altum-PT
 an optimized three-in-one solution for advanced remote sensing and agricultural research. It seamlessly integrates
 an ultra-high resolution panchromatic imager, a built-in 320X256 radiometric thermal imager and five discrete spectral bands to produce
 synchronized outputs such as RGB color, crop vigor, heat maps and high resolution panchromatic in just one flight. Offering twice
 the spatial resolution of the prior Altum sensor, Altum-PT, introduced in early 2022 the sensor that empowers
 users with deeper analytical capabilities and broader, more diverse applications; enable them to discern issues at the plant level,
 even in the early growth stages; and conduct early stage stand counting, as well as season-long soil monitoring, among other critical
 uses. Altum-PT also features a global shutter for distortion-free results, open APIs and a new storage device allowing for
 two captures per second. 

RedEdge-P
 Offering three times the capture speed and twice the spatial resolution of the RedEdge-MX , the all new RedEdge-P,
 launched in early 2022, the sensor that builds on the legacy of the rugged, high-quality, multispectral sensor that the industry
 has come to trust and adds the power of a higher resolution, panchromatic band to double the output data resolution. A single camera
 solution which is compatible with a wide array of drone aircraft ranging from large fixed wing to small multirotor, RedEdge-P
 captures calibrated high-resolution multispectral and RGB imagery with an optimized field of view and capture rate for efficient
 flights. This solution seamlessly integrates a high resolution, all-color imager with synchronized multispectral imagers to enable
 pixel-aligned outputs at previously unattainable resolutions, while maintaining the efficiency and reliability of its RedEdge 
 legacy. Processing of data outputs is enabled through industry standard software platforms, including AgEagle s Ground
 Control flight management software. With RedEdge-P , agricultural professionals benefit from a sensor that can enable effective
 plant counting and spectral analysis of small plants. Likewise, federal, state and local government and commercial forestry enterprises
 will also benefit from precise, efficient data collection and tree-level analysis as opposed to being limited to analyzing large
 swaths of land to make critical forestry management decisions. 

AgEagle
 also offers a wide range of drone cameras to suit every mapping job, from land surveying and topographic mapping to urban planning,
 crop mapping, thermal mapping and more. 

10 

Aeria
 X a compact drone photogrammetry sensor that offers the ideal blend of size, weight and DSLR-like image quality.
 It produces stunning image detail and clarity in virtually all light conditions, allowing users to map for more hours per day. 

Duet
 M a high resolution RGB and multispectral mapping camera rig used to create geo-accurate multispectral maps and high
 resolution digital surface models quickly and easily. This sensor is ideal for water management, such as mapping field drains and
 areas of compaction; spotting malfunctioning irrigation lines; and evaluating the consistency of plant vigor across a field. 

Duet
 T a rugged dual RGB/thermal mapping camera rig used to create geo-accurate thermal maps and digital surface models
 quickly and easily. The Duet T includes a high resolution thermal infrared (640 x 512 px) camera and a S.O.D.A. RGB
 camera. 

S.O.D.A .
 the first photogrammetry camera built for professional use which quickly became an industry standard for drone operators
 worldwide upon being introduced in 2016. It captures sharp aerial images, across light conditions, with which to produce detailed,
 vivid orthomosaics and ultra-accurate 3D digital surface models. 

S.O.D.A.
 3D a professional drone photogrammetry camera that changes orientation during flight to capture three images (two
 oblique and one nadir) instead of just one, providing for a much wider field of view. It is optimized for quick, robust image processing
 with Pix4DMapper. Designed specifically for use with the eBee X aircraft, the S.O.D.A. 3D can achieve coverage of vast
 areas of flat, homogenous terrain (up to 500 ac / 1,235 ac per 122m / 400ft flight). The unique ability of the S.O.D.A. 3D 
 to capture images in two orientations and the resulting wider field of view translates to stunning digital 3D reconstructions in
 vertically-focused environments. such as urban areas or open-pit mines - anywhere with walls or steep sides. This system of data
 recording means that less image overlap is needed, resulting in more efficient flights and greater flight coverage, not to mention
 quicker image processing for results. 

Market
Opportunity for Sensor Solutions 

Sensors
for drones are increasingly being used for surveying, mapping and inspections particularly in the mining, construction, energy,
environmental management, agriculture, infrastructure and waste management industries. Moreover, with every new innovation in sensor
technologies, the functionality and the underpinning value proposition of commercial UAS continues to improve and allows for an even
wider range of possible applications. 

Due
in large measure to increasing demand of drone sensors for mapping services, LiDAR and GPS, the outlook for the drone sensor market is
forecasted to grow to 66.6 billion by 2030, according to a January 2022 research report released by Market Research Future. Verified
Market Research VMR also published its industry research report in January 2022, stating that the global drone sensor
market will climb to 60.67 billion by 2028 from 10.88 billion in 2020, representing a CAGR of 23.97 from 2021 to 2028. Key market
drivers in VMR s report cite adoption of drones across different industry verticals, including agriculture, landscaping and military
and defense, as well as a rise in the need for collecting high quality and real-time data insight. 

Our
Branded Software Solutions 

Ground
Control 

A
cloud-based, plug-and-play operating system, Ground Control provides individual pilots and large enterprises with everything they
need to completely automate and scale their drone operations workflows. Offered as Software-as-a-Service, Ground Control continues
to earn the trust and fidelity of its blue chip, industry-diverse customers by providing a single platform to automate flight management
systems safely and securely; easily manage drone programs of any scope and scale; and process, analyze and share drone-captured image
data and visualization necessary for assessing risks, improving workflow processes and achieving time and cost efficiencies across enterprises
of virtually any size. With the aim of empowering AgEagle s customers to readily extend their reach and human capability through
adoption of scalable autonomous drone programs, Ground Control users can: 

plan
 missions via Keyhole Markup Language KML files or build a grid or waypoint flight; check airspace for Low Altitude
 Authorization and Notification Capability LAANC authorization and confirm local weather conditions are favorable. 

11 

fly
 with GPS-aided manual control or automated grid and waypoint patterns, and push web-based flight plans to mobile devices for ground-based
 in-field control all with a simple, easy-to-use flight interface. 

capture
 raw data and live streaming field images with multispectral cameras, like AgEagle s RedEdge-P and Altum-PT, and
 automatically convert into organized map indices and composites; or fly an RTK-enabled drone for improved post-flight processing. 

process
 captured imagery into high-quality data products and photogrammetry, and create orthomosaics, digital surface models and contour
 maps; or upload ground control points GCPs with user s maps for increased accuracy. 

analyze
 drone data or view orthomosaics and other 2D data files on an interactive, account-wide map. 

collaborate
 and support operations with detailed information about missions, including flight logs with screen shots, playbacks and incident
 flagging; and efficiently manage equipment and workflows with automatic usage tracking capabilities. 

benefit
 from Ground Control s obsession to deliver industry-leading, customer-centric support and service. 

Ground
Control has been integrated with several other industry leading UAS technologies, including AgEagle s own line of proprietary
sensors and airframes. In addition, Ground Control s industry partnerships include integrations with: 

DJI
 drone platforms, which work seamlessly with Ground Control s flight app and permits users to sync flights flown with
 the DJI Go app and use DJI Geo Unlock ; 

Parrot s
 ANAFI, ANAFI USA and ANAFI Thermal drone platforms, which pair ANAFI s rapid deployment and ease of operation
 with Ground Control s standard flight tools, as well as enable users to tailor and expand their use through selection of additional
 program management and data processing capabilities; 

Pix4D
 software, which makes it easy to create high quality orthomosaics, digital surface models and control maps in the Ground Control
 platform; and 

Wing s
 OpenSky airspace access app, which empowers drone flyers to abide by airspace rules and regulations and request authorization
 to fly in controlled airspace in near real-time wherever OpenSky is available. 

eMotion 

AgEagle
also offers eMotion , a drone flight and data management solution created specifically for aerial mapping use. With eMotion ,
flights are built using intuitive mission blocks and flight modes. Users simply need to choose a block (aerial mapping, corridor, etc.),
highlight the region they want to map, define key settings, and eMotion auto-generates the drone s flight plan. Multi-flight
missions are supported, and the software s full 3D environment adds a new dimension to drone flight management, helping users to
plan, simulate and control the drone s trajectory for safer flights, more consistent performance and improved data quality. Moreover,
 eMotion s built-in Flight Data Manager automatically handles the georeferencing and preparation of images required for post-processing
in software such as Pix4Dmapper . Connecting wirelessly to a user s drone, to industry cloud solutions, to survey-grade base
stations and to airspace and live weather data, eMotion is advanced, scalable drone software that anyone can use. 

12 

HempOverview

As
one of the agriculture industry s leading pioneers of advanced aerial-image-based data collection and analytics solutions, AgEagle
leveraged our expertise to champion the use of proven, advanced web- and map-based technologies as the means to streamline and ultimately
standardize hemp cultivation in the United States. Growers need to be registered/permitted; crops need to be monitored and inspected;
and enforcement operations must be established to ensure compliance with state and federal mandates. Through HempOverview , we
believe that AgEagle represents the first agriculture technology company to bring to market an advanced agtech solution that is designed
to meet the unique complexities and vigorous oversight, compliance and enforcement demands of the emerging American hemp industry and
the unique needs and demands of its key stakeholders. 

HempOverview
 comprises four modules: 

1) 
 Registration :
 secure, scalable software to handle all farmer and processer application and licensing matters. 

2) 
 Best
 Management Practices : iterative, intelligent data collection and analysis utilizing satellite imagery and advanced, proprietary
 algorithms to help farmers reduce input costs, avoid missteps, detect pest impacts and monitor water usage. 

3) 
 Oversight
 and Enforcement : integration of data management and satellite imagery to provide continuous monitoring of all hemp fields in
 the state, predict and respond to issues and assist in proper crop testing. 

4) 
 Reporting :
 generation of actionable reports for USDA requirements, legislative oversight and support of research institutions. 

In
November 2019, the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services (FDACS) licensed the HempOverview solution to manage
its online application submission and registration process for hemp growers and their farms and hemp fields in the State of Florida for
the years 2020, 2021 and 2022. In June 2021, the State of Florida expanded its licensing of the HempOverview platform to provide
for access to all four of the modules. FDACS also tasked AgEagle with developing a custom registration software platform to enhance communications,
licensing and general compliance relating to the oversight and protection of more than 500 endangered and commercially exploited wild
plants native to Florida. For instance, in an effort to curb exploitation of saw palmetto, a plant whose extract is used in herbal supplements
often marketed for its urinary tract and prostate health benefits, FDACS requires harvesters and sellers of saw palmetto berries to obtain
a Native Plant Harvesting Permit. According to a related FDACS notice, Widespread gathering of these berries is depleting a wildlife
food source and threatening the stability of some ecosystems. 

In
January 2021, the Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship also licensed the HempOverview platform to manage the state s
online registration, payment processing, comprehensive data collection and compliance oversight for the 2021, 2022 and 2023 planting
seasons. 

Market
Opportunity for Drone Software Solutions 

Rapid
adoption of UAS for commercial and government/military purposes continues to fuel the growth of the global drone software market, with
particularly robust demand expected for applications in areas that include mapping and surveillance, agriculture 4.0 and precision farming,
academic research, infrastructure inspection and maintenance, search and rescue and shipping and delivery. In a July 2022 report published
by Allied Market Research, the firm s market analysts reported that the global drone software market was valued at 5.96 billion
in 2021, and is now projected to reach 21.93 billion by 2031, growing at a CAGR of 14.5 from 2022 to 2031. 

13 

Market
Opportunity for U.S. Industrial Hemp and Hemp-Derived CBD 

According
to the November 2022 report of the industry research firm Markets and Markets, the global industrial hemp market is estimated to be valued
at 6.8 billion in 2033 and is projected to reach 18.1 billion by 2027, recording a 21.6 CAGR. Following the legalization of industrial
hemp production in the United States, the country s industrial hemp industry has grown rapidly, as it is one of the largest consumers
of hemp-derived products, including oilseeds and cannabidiol CBD ). CBD is a non-intoxicant cannabinoid that has become
more popular as a food supplement and as an ingredient in pharmaceutical and cosmetic products. Hemp bioplastics made from hemp seeds
and CBD oil is also driving growth of the industry. Growing consumer demand for sustainable goods, as well as corporate and government
initiatives and support, are expected to fuel the growth of hemp-based biofuel and bioplastics. 

AgEagle s
Manufacturing Operations 

For
years, federal agencies have been using drones for a wide range of use cases, from mapping to surveillance, search and rescue, and scientific
research. However, in recent years federal agencies use of and ability to procure UAS has evolved, largely stemming from security
concerns about drones from Chinese manufacturers. In 2020, for example, the U.S. Department of Interior grounded its entire fleet of
drones over concerns that Chinese parts in them might be used for spying, making exceptions only for emergency missions like fighting
wildfires and search-and-rescue operations, as The New York Times reported on January 29, 2020. 

Former
President Donald Trump issued an executive order before leaving office stating that the U.S. government would seek to prevent
 the use of taxpayer dollars to procure UAS that present unacceptable risks and are manufactured by, or contain software or
critical electronic components from, foreign adversaries, and to encourage the use of domestically produced UAS. As a result,
the General Services Administration works to ensure that only drones approved by the Department of Defense s Defense Innovation Unit
are permitted under Multiple Award Schedule contracts. 

AgEagle
believes that these measures to ban China-manufactured drones and components has fueled and will continue to fuel, demand for Made
in America drones and components, creating a significant opportunity for U.S.-based drone manufacturers, like AgEagle. Consequently,
it is AgEagle s intention to establish best industry practices and define quality standards for manufacturing, assembly, design/engineering
and testing of drones, drone subcomponents and related drone equipment in the Company s U.S. facilities. The Company also has established
manufacturing operations in its Lausanne, Switzerland facility, where it assembles its line of eBee -branded fixed wing drones
for AgEagle s international customer base. 

AgEagle s
commitment to its discerning customers has driven its efforts to establish recognized centers of excellence in drone airframes, sensors
and software, which, in turn, has resulted in the Company s drone production operations receiving official ISO:9001 certification
for its Quality Management System QMS in 2022. Meeting a wide variety of strict standards, AgEagle has demonstrated that
it delivers consistently high-quality products and services in every aspect of its fixed-wing drone operations, including design, manufacturing,
marketing, sales and after-sales. An international certification, ISO:9001 recognizes organizational excellence and good quality practices
based on a strong customer focus, robust process approach and proof of continual improvement. The certification was achieved following
an extensive audit across AgEagle s drone operations, led by the Company s dedicated in-house quality management team. The
QMS was developed over a two-year period, outlining a framework of policies, processes and procedures to help achieve the Company s
high-performance objectives. 

14 

Key
Growth Strategies 

We
intend to materially grow our business by leveraging our proprietary, best-in-class, full-stack drone solutions, industry influence and
deep pool of talent with specialized expertise in robotics, automation, custom manufacturing and data science to achieve greater penetration
of the global UAS industry with near-term emphasis on capturing larger market share of the agriculture, energy/utilities, infrastructure
and government/military verticals. We expect to accomplish this goal by first bringing three core values to life in our day-to-day operations
and aligning them with our efforts to earn the trust and continued business of our customers and industry partners: 

Curiosity
 this pushes us to find value where others aren t looking. It inspires us to see around corners for our customers,
 understanding the problems they currently face or will be facing in the future, and delivering them solutions best suited for their
 unique needs. 

Passion
 this fuels our obsession with excellence, our desire to try the difficult things and tackle big problems, and our commitment
 to meet our customers needs and then surpass them. 

Integrity
 this is not optional or situational at AgEagle it is the foundation for everything we do, even when no one is
 watching. 

Key
 components of our growth strategy include the following: 

Establish
 three centers of excellence with respective expertise in UAS software, sensors and airframes. These centers of excellence cross
 pollinate ideas, industry insights and skillsets to yield intelligent autonomous solutions that fully leverage AgEagle s experienced
 team s specialized knowledge and know-how in robotics, automation, custom manufacturing and data science. 

Deliver
 new and innovative solutions. AgEagle s research and development efforts are critical building blocks of the Company, and
 we intend to continue investing in our own innovations, pioneering new and enhanced products and solutions that enable us to satisfy
 our customers both in response to and in anticipation of their needs. AgEagle believes that by investing in research and
 development, the Company can be a leader in delivering innovative autonomous robotics systems and solutions that address market needs
 beyond our current target markets, enabling us to create new opportunities for growth. 

Foster
 our entrepreneurial culture and continue to attract, develop and retain highly skilled personnel. AgEagle s company culture
 encourages innovation and entrepreneurialism, which helps to attract and retain highly skilled professionals. We intend to preserve
 this culture to nurture the design and development of the innovative, highly technical system solutions that give us our competitive
 advantage. 

Effectively
 manage our growth portfolio for long-term value creation. Our production and development programs present numerous investment
 opportunities that we believe will deliver long-term growth by providing our customers with valuable new capabilities. We evaluate
 each opportunity independently, as well as within the context of other investment opportunities, to determine its relative cost,
 timing and potential for generation of returns, and thereby its priority. This process helps us to make informed decisions regarding
 potential growth capital requirements and supports our allocation of resources based on relative risks and returns to maximize long-term
 value creation, which is the key objective of our growth strategy. We also review our portfolio on a regular basis to determine if
 and when to narrow our focus on the highest potential growth opportunities. 

Growth
 through acquisition. Through successful execution of our growth-through-acquisition strategies, we intend to acquire technologically
 advanced UAS companies and intellectual property that complement and strengthen our value proposition to the market. We believe that
 by investing in complementary acquisitions, we can accelerate our revenue growth and deliver a broader array of innovative autonomous
 flight systems and solutions that address specialized market needs within our current target markets and in emerging markets that
 can benefit from innovations in artificial intelligence-enabled robotics and data capture and analytics. 

15 

Competitive
Strengths 

AgEagle
believes the following attributes and capabilities provide us with long-term competitive advantages: 

Proprietary
 technologies, in-house capabilities and industry experience We believe our decade of experience in commercial UAS design
 and engineering; in-house manufacturing, assembly and testing capabilities; and advanced technology development skillset serve to
 differentiate AgEagle in the marketplace. In fact, approximately 70 of our Company s global workforce is comprised of engineers
 and data scientists with deep experience and expertise in robotics, automation, custom manufacturing, and data analytics. In addition,
 AgEagle is committed to meeting and exceeding quality and safety standards for manufacturing, assembly, design and engineering and
 testing of drones, drone subcomponents and related drone equipment in our U.S. and Swiss-based manufacturing operations. As a result,
 we have earned ISO:9001 international certification for our Quality Management System. 

AgEagle
 is more than just customer- and product-centric, we are obsessed with innovation and knowing
 the needs of our customers before they do We are focused on capitalizing on our
 specialized expertise in innovating and commercializing advanced drone, sensor and software
 technologies to provide our existing and future customers with autonomous robotic solutions
 that meet the highest possible safety and operational standards and fit their specific business
 needs. We have established three Centers of Excellence that our leadership has challenged
 to cross-pollinate ideas, industry insights and interdisciplinary skillsets to generate intelligent
 autonomous solutions that efficiently leverage our expertise in robotics, automation and
 manufacturing to solve problems for our customers, irrespective of the industry sector in
 which they may operate. 
 
 In
 December 2022, we unveiled our new eBee VISION , a small, fixed-wing UAS designed to provide real-time, enhanced situational
 awareness for critical intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance missions; and in April 2023, were awarded a federal contract
 from the U.S. Department of Defense s Defense Innovation Unit DIU to produce and deliver eBee VISION
 fixed-wing drones and customized command and control software that proves compatible and is in full compliance with the DoD Robotic
 and Autonomous System-Air Interoperability Profile RAS-A IOP ). In addition, three branches of European military forces
 have taken delivery of eBee VISION drones in 2023. In anticipation of achieving commercial production of eBee VISION s
 later this year, we have teams hosting live demonstrations of eBee VISION prototypes for officials of government and military
 agencies in Austria, the Baltics, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Spain, the Middle East and across the United States. 
 
 In
 May 2023, we released the new RedEdge-P dual high resolution and RGB composite drone sensor, representing yet another
 AgEagle technological advancement in aerial imaging cameras, seamlessly integrating the power and performance of the RedEdge-P
 and the new RedEdge-P blue cameras in a single solution. The RedEdge-P dual doubles analytical capabilities with
 the benefit of a single camera workflow. Its coastal blue band the first of its kind in the market was specifically
 designed for vegetation analysis of water bodies; environmental monitoring; water management; habitat monitoring, protection and
 restoration; and vegetation species and weeds identification, including differentiating and counting plants, trees, invasive species
 and weeds. 
 
 In
 April 2023, AgEagle released Field Check for the Measure Ground Control mobile app. Measure Ground Control is
 a complete Software-as-a-Service solution for drone program management that is available as a web app and mobile app for both iOS
 and Android devices. The software s capabilities include mission and equipment management, flight control, data processing
 and analysis, secure data storage and sharing, online collaboration and reporting. Field Check s unique feature set
 enables users to review and validate the quality of their drone-captured imagery on-site. Capturing target imagery right the first
 time in one trip to a project site allows users to eliminate time loss and costs associated with project reworks by ensuring data
 capture is complete and ready for processing into high-resolution outputs before leaving a site. Reflecting our software development
 team s superb problem-solving capabilities, Field Check provides our clients with a competitive edge in their drone
 operations and across the industries they serve by avoiding project repeats and downtime due to data processing errors or poor image
 quality. 

AgEagle
 was awarded a Multiple Award Schedule MAS Contract by the U.S. federal government s General Services Administration
 GSA In April 2023, the centralized procurement arm of the federal government, the GSA, awarded us with a
 five-year MAS contract. The GSA Schedule Contract is a highly coveted award in the government contracting space and is the result
 of a rigorous proposal process involving the demonstration of products and services in-demand by government agencies, and the negotiation
 of their prices, qualifications, terms and conditions. Contractors selling through the GSA Contract are carefully vetted and must
 have a proven track record in the industry. We believe that this will serve to advance our efforts to achieve deeper penetration
 of the government sector over the next five years. 

16 

We
 offer market-tested drones, sensors and software solutions that have earned the longstanding trust and fidelity of customers worldwide
 through successful execution of our acquisition integration strategy in 2022, AgEagle is now delivering a unified line
 of industry trusted drones, sensors and software that have been vigorously tested and consistently proven across multiple industry
 verticals and use cases. For instance, our line of eBee fixed wing drones have flown more than one million flights over the
 past decade serving customers spanning surveying and mapping; engineering and construction; military/defense; mining, quarries and
 aggregates; agriculture humanitarian aid and environmental monitoring, to name just a few. Featured in over 100 research publications
 globally, advanced sensor innovations developed and commercialized by AgEagle have served to forge new industry standards for high
 performance, high resolution, thermal and multispectral imaging for commercial drone applications in agriculture, plant research,
 land management and forestry. In addition, we have championed the development of end-to-end software solutions which power autonomous
 flight and deliver actionable, contextual data and analytics for numerous Fortune 500 companies, government agencies and a wide range
 of businesses in agriculture, energy and utilities, construction and other industry sectors. 

Our
 eBee TAC UAS has been approved by the Defense Innovation Unit (DIU) for procurement by the Department of Defense We
 believe that the eBee TAC is ideally positioned to become an in-demand, mission critical tool for the U.S. military, government
 and civil agencies and our allies worldwide; and expect that this will prove to be a major growth catalyst for our Company in 2022,
 positively impacting our financial performance in the years ahead. eBee TAC is available for purchase by U.S. government agencies
 and all branches of the military on GSA Schedule Contract #47QTCA18D003G, supplied by Hexagon US Federal and partner Tough Stump
 Technologies as a standalone solution or as part of the Aerial Reconnaissance Tactical Edge Mapping Imagery System ARTEMIS ).
 Tough Stump is actively engaged in training military ground forces based in the U.S. and in Central Europe on the use of eBee
 TAC for mid-range tactical mapping and reconnaissance missions. 

Our
 eBee X series of fixed wing UAS, including the eBee X and eBee TAC , are the first and only drones
 on the market to comply with Category 3 of the sUAS Over People rules published by the FAA . It is another important testament
 to our commitment to provide best-in-class solutions to our commercial customers, and we believe it will serve as a key driver in
 the growth of eBee utilization in the United States. We further believe it will improve the business applications made possible
 by our drone platform for a wide range of commercial enterprises which stand to benefit from adoption of drones in their businesses
 particularly those in industries such as insurance for assessment of storm damage, telecommunications for network coverage
 mapping and energy for powerline and pipeline inspections, just to name a few. 

Our
 eBee X series of drones are the world s first UAS in its class to receive design verification for BVLOS and OOP from
 European Union Aviation Safety Agency EASA ). The EASA design verification report DVR demonstrates
 that the eBee X meets the highest possible quality and ground risk safety standards and, thanks to its lightweight design,
 effects of ground impact are reduced. As such, drone operators conducting advanced drone operations in 27 European Member States,
 Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, and Switzerland can obtain the HIGH or MEDIUM robustness levels of the M2 mitigation without additional
 verification from EASA. Regulatory constraints relating to limitations of BVLOS and OOP have continued to be a gating factor to widespread
 adoption of commercial drone technologies across a wide range of industry sectors worldwide. Being the first company to receive this
 DVR from EASA for M2 mitigation is a milestone for AgEagle and our industry in the European Union and will be key to fueling growth
 of our international customer base. 

17 

Our
 global reseller network currently has more than 200 drone solutions providers in 75+ countries By leveraging our relationships
 with the specialty retailers that comprise our global reseller network, AgEagle benefits from enhanced brand-building, lower customer
 acquisition costs and increased reach, revenues and geographic and vertical market penetration. With the integration of our 2021
 acquisitions completed in 2021 (the 2021 Acquisitions ), we can now leverage our collective reseller network to accelerate
 our revenue growth by educating and encouraging our partners to market AgEagle s full suite of airframes, sensors and software
 as bundled solutions in lieu of marketing only previously siloed products or product lines to end users. 

Government
Regulation 

UAV
Regulation 

AgEagle
is subject to industry-specific regulations due to the nature of the products we sell to our customers. For example, certain aspects
of our U.S. business are subject to regulation by the Federal Aviation Administration FAA ), which regulates airspace for
all air vehicles in the U.S. National Airspace System. 

In
August 2016, the FAA s final rules for routine use of certain small UAS in the U.S. National Airspace System went into effect,
providing safety rules for small UAS (under 55 pounds) conducting non-recreational operations. These rules limit flights to visual-line-of-sight
daylight operation, unless the UAS has anti-collision lights in which case twilight operation is permitted. The final rule also addresses
height and speed restrictions, operator certification, optional use of a visual observer, aircraft registration and marking and operational
limits, including prohibiting flights over unprotected people on the ground who are not directly participating in the operation of the
UAS. Current FAA regulations require drone operators to register their systems with the FAA and secure operating licenses for their drones.
These regulations continue to evolve to accommodate the integration of UAS into the National Airspace System for commercial applications. 

In
April 2021, the FAA s final rule for remote identification of UAS went into effect. On the same day, the final rule for operation
of small UAS over people also went into effect. This rule permits routine operations of small unmanned aircraft over people, moving vehicles
and at night under certain conditions, provided that the operation meets the requirements of one of four operational categories. 

On
October 27, 2022, AgEagle announced that the Company s eBee X series of fixed wing UAS were the first and only drones on
the market at that time to comply with Category 3 (as defined below) of the Operations of Small Unmanned Aerial Systems Over People rules
published by the FAA. Now that the eBee has proven compliant with Category 3 (as defined below) of the rules, eBee drone
operators no longer need an FAA waiver for OOP or Operations Over Moving Vehicles. Category 3 eligible sUAS must not cause injury to
a human being that is equivalent to or greater than the severity of injury caused by a transfer of 25 foot-pounds of kinetic energy upon
impact from a rigid object, does not contain any exposed rotating parts that could lacerate human skin upon impact with a human being,
and does not contain any safety defects. Category 3 aircraft also require FAA-accepted means of compliance and FAA-accepted declaration
of compliance. 

Our
non-U.S. operations are subject to the laws and regulations of foreign jurisdictions, which may include regulations that are more stringent
than those imposed by the U.S. government on our U.S. operations. 

18 

Domestic
Hemp Production and Prevailing Regulatory Changes 

With
the passing of the 2018 Farm Bill in December 2018, industrial hemp is now recognized as an agricultural commodity, such as corn, wheat,
or soybeans. 

More
specifically, the 2018 Farm Bill authorizes state departments of agriculture, including agencies representing the District of Columbia,
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and any other territory or possession of the United States, and Indian tribal governments, to submit
plans to the USDA applying for primary regulatory authority over the production of hemp in their respective state or tribal territory.
For more information on state and tribal nation plan submissions, please visit https://www.ams.usda.gov/rules-regulations/hemp/state-and-tribal-plan-review. 

As
of December 31, 2023 all 50 states, 3 U.S. territories and 63 tribal nations have had their hemp production plans approved by the USDA. 

Risks
associated with environmental, social and governance matters ESG ), including especially climate change and other environmental
impacts, could negatively affect our business and operations. 

Environmental,
social and governance matters significantly impact our business and operations and present evolving risks and challenges. Environmental
impacts, including climate change specifically, create short and long-term financial risks to our business globally. Climate related
changes can increase the frequency and severity of significant weather events and natural disasters. While we maintain insurance coverage
to cover certain risks of losses for damage or destruction to facilities and property and for interruption of our business, such insurance
may not cover specific losses and the amount of our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all of our losses. As a result, our
future operating results could be materially and adversely affected, including if our losses are not adequately or timely covered by
our insurance. 

Increased
attention on ESG matters, including from our customers, shareholders and other stakeholders, may lead to us expending more resources
addressing these issues. Legislative and regulatory efforts to combat climate change and address ESG issues may prove costly and burdensome
for us to comply with and will likely continue to impact us, our customers and our suppliers. 

Environmental 

AgEagle
is subject to various federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including the discharge,
treatment, storage, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and wastes. We could also be affected by future laws and regulations
relating to climate change, including laws related to greenhouse gas emissions and regulating energy efficiency. These laws and regulations
could lead to increased environmental compliance expenditures, increased energy and raw materials costs and new and/or additional investment
in designs and technologies. We continually assess our compliance status and management of environmental matters to ensure our operations
are in compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. Investigation, remediation and operation and maintenance costs
associated with environmental compliance and management of sites are a normal, recurring part of our operations. These costs often are
allowable costs under our contracts with the U.S. government. While environmental protection regulations have not had a significant adverse
effect on our overall operations historically, it is reasonably possible that costs incurred to ensure continued environmental compliance
in the future could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if additional work requirements
or more stringent clean-up standards are imposed by regulators, or if new areas of soil, air and groundwater contamination are discovered
and/or expansions of work scope are prompted by the results of investigations. 

Suppliers 

In
2023, we maintained strong relationships established with companies that provide many of the parts and services necessary to
construct our advanced fixed-wing drones and sensors. As our Company grows, we expect to pursue additional supplier relationships
from which we can source less costly and better supplies to stay ahead of the needs of the market. In addition, we have forged
strong relationships with key suppliers in the U.S. and in U.S.-allied countries based on their ability to meet our needs and
delivery timelines. We will continue to expand upon our suppliers expertise to improve our existing products and develop new
solutions. In 2023, we experienced some supply delays from in our inability to muster funds due to high interest rates and tighter
borrowing requirements that continue to crimp borrowing capacity, and thereby hindering our ability to fulfill current and backorders
of our products to convert accounts receivables into cash. We may continue to experience potential supply chain disruptions in 2024
for the same reason. 

Operating
Segment Revenues 

The
table below reflects our revenue by operating segment for the years indicated below: 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Type 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Drones 
 6,197,049 
 9,840,321 
 
 Sensors 
 7,100,419 
 8,655,434 
 
 Software-as-a-Service
 (SaaS) 
 443,930 
 598,670 
 
 Total 
 13,741,398 
 19,094,425 

19 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development activities are core components of our business, and we follow a disciplined approach to investing our resources to create
new drone technologies and solutions. A fundamental part of this approach is a well-defined screening process that helps us identify
commercial opportunities that support current desired technological capabilities in the markets we serve. Our research includes the expansion
of our fixed wing products, providing for developing a portfolio of UAVs, sensors and ongoing software platform development costs, as
well as other technological solutions to problems to which our existing and prospective customers must confront. We cannot predict when,
if ever, we will successfully commercialize these projects, or the exact level of capital expenditures they could require, which could
be substantial. 

Organizational
History 

On
March 26, 2018, our predecessor company, EnerJex Resources, Inc. EnerJex ), a Nevada company, consummated the transactions
contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated October 19, 2017, pursuant to which AgEagle
Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of EnerJex, merged with and into AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc., a
privately held company organized under the laws of the state of Nevada AgEagle Sub ), with AgEagle Sub surviving as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of EnerJex (the Merger ). In connection with the Merger, EnerJex changed its name to AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc.
(the Company, we, our, or us and AgEagle Sub changed its name initially to Eagle
Aerial, Inc. and then to AgEagle Aerial, Inc. Prior to this merger, all of the EnerJex operations were conducted
through EnerJex Kansas, Inc., Black Sable Energy, LLC, a Texas limited liability company Black Sable and Black Raven
Energy, Inc. a Nevada corporation Black Raven ). Its leasehold interests were held in its wholly-owned subsidiaries Black
Sable, Working Interest, LLC, EnerJex Kansas and Black Raven. As of December 31, 2021, the Company continued with the wholly-owned subsidiaries,
AgEagle Aerial, Inc. and EnerJex Kansas, Inc. 

On
January 27, 2021 MicaSense Acquisition Date ), we entered into a stock purchase agreement (the MicaSense Purchase
Agreement with Parrot Drones S.A.S. and Justin B. McAllister (the MicaSense Sellers pursuant to which the Company
acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of MicaSense, Inc. from the MicaSense Sellers (the MicaSense Acquisition ).
The aggregate purchase price for the shares of MicaSense was 23 million less any debt, and subject to a customary working capital adjustment.
MicaSense became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company as a result of the MicaSense Acquisition. 

On
April 19, 2021 (the Measure Acquisition Date ), the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement (the Measure
Purchase Agreement with Brandon Torres Declet Mr. Torres Declet ), in his capacity as representative of the sellers,
and the sellers named in the Measure Purchase Agreement (the Measure Sellers pursuant to which the Company acquired 100 
of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Measure Global, Inc. Measure from the Measure Sellers (the Measure
Acquisition ). The aggregate purchase price for the shares of Measure is 45 million, less the amount of Measure s debt and
transaction expenses, and subject to a customary working capital adjustment. Measure became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
as a result of the Measure Acquisition. 

On
October 18, 2021 (the senseFly S.A. Acquisition Date ), the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with Parrot
Drones S.A.S. pursuant to which the Company acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of senseFly S.A. from Parrot Drones
S.A.S. (the senseFly S.A. Purchase Agreement The aggregate purchase price for the shares of senseFly S.A. is 21,000,000,
less the amount of senseFly S.A. s debt and subject to a customary working capital adjustment. senseFly S.A. became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company as a result. 

On
October 18, 2021 (the senseFly Inc. Acquisition Date), AgEagle Aerial and the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement
(the senseFly Inc. Purchase Agreement with Parrot Inc. pursuant to which AgEagle Aerial agreed to acquire 100 of the
issued and outstanding capital stock of senseFly Inc. from Parrot Inc. The aggregate purchase price for the shares of senseFly Inc. is
 2 million , less the amount of senseFly Inc. s debt and subject to a customary working capital adjustment. senseFly Inc. became
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company as a result. 

20 

Our
Headquarters 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 8201 E. 34 th Street North, Suite 1307, Wichita, Kansas 67226 and our telephone
number is 620-325-6363. Our website address is www.ageagle.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website
is not a part of this Annual Report. We have included our website address in this Annual Report solely as an inactive textual reference. 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
of March 31, 2024, we employed 64 full-time employees and 2 part-time employees. We acknowledge that our employees are the Company s
most valued asset and the driving force behind our success. For this reason, we aspire to be an employer that is known for cultivating
a positive and welcoming work environment and one that fosters growth, provides a safe place to work, supports diversity and embraces
inclusion. To support these objectives, our human resources programs are designed to develop talent to prepare them for critical roles
and leadership positions for the future; reward and support employees through competitive pay, benefit and perquisite programs; enhance
the Company s culture through efforts aimed at making the workplace more engaging and inclusive; acquire talent and facilitate
internal talent mobility to create a high performing, diverse workforce; engage employees as brand ambassadors of the Company s
products; and evolve and invest in technology, tools and resources to enable employees at work. 

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 

We
are committed to fostering, cultivating and preserving a culture of diversity, equity and inclusion (DE I). We recognize that a diverse,
extensive talent pool provides the best opportunity to acquire unique perspectives, experiences, ideas, and solutions to drive our business
forward. We believe that diverse teams solving complex problems leads to the best business results. We promote diversity by developing
policies, programs, and procedures that foster a work environment where differences are respected, and all employees are treated fairly. 

Talent Management 

We
recognize the importance of attracting and retaining the best employees. Our continued success is not only contingent upon seeking out
the best possible candidates, but also retaining and developing the talent that lies within the organization. We strive to attract, develop,
and retain the best and brightest from all walks of life and backgrounds. Our goal is to offer opportunities for employees to improve
their skills to achieve their career goals. 

Employee Health and Safety 

We
acted quickly to protect the health and safety of our employees in response to the pandemic protocols. In March 2020, all employees who
could work remotely began working from home. Employees continue to have the flexibility to work remotely or on a hybrid basis with most
of our employees. The health and safety of our employees has been and continues to be a priority. 

No
OSHA recordable or lost time injuries in the US and zero injuries at our other global sites. 

Intellectual
Property 

As
reflected in the table below, we currently have registered trademarks, several patents or pending patents for our proprietary drone,
sensor and software technologies filed in the United States and certain jurisdictions abroad. As of December 31, 2023, our trademark
portfolio includes 63 registered and/or pending in various countries and 21 patents in various stages of the patent granting process.
We also consider our UAV and sensor manufacturing processes to be trade secrets and have non-disclosure agreements with current employees
and business partners to protect those and other trade secrets held by the Company. Risks related to the protection and exploitation
of IP rights are set forth in Risk Factors. 

Trademarks 
 
 Mark 
 Country 
 Application
 No. 
 Filing
 Date 
 Registration
 No. 
 Registration
 Date 
 Status 
 
 (RE)DEFINING AGRICULTURAL DRONE
 SENSING 
 US 
 88 /521832 
 7/18/2019 
 6078193 
 6/16/2020 
 Registered 
 
 ALTUM 
 US 
 88 /412439 
 5/2/2019 
 6823409 
 8/23/2022 
 Registered 

US 
 97 /174411 
 12/15/2021 
 6918181 
 12/6/2022 
 Registered 

Canada 
 2198057 
 6/15/2022 

Pending 

China 
 
 6/15/2022 
 1672211 
 6/15/2022 
 Registered 
 
 ALTUM-PT 
 European Union 
 
 6/15/2022 
 1672211 
 6/15/2022 
 Registered 

Japan 
 
 6/15/2022 

Pending 

Mexico 
 
 6/15/2022 

Pending 

Madrid Protocol 
 A0124015 
 6/15/2022 
 1672211 
 6/15/2022 
 Registered 
 
 MICASENSE 
 US 
 86 /659942 
 6/11/2015 
 4922111 
 3/22/2016 
 Registered 
 
 REDEDGE 
 US 
 88 /749873 
 1/7/2020 
 6344611 
 5/11/2021 
 Registered 
 
 REDEDGE-MX 
 US 
 88 /749880 
 1/7/2020 
 6359035 
 5/25/2021 
 Registered 

US 
 97 /105307 
 11/2/2021 
 6917109 
 12/6/2022 
 Registered 

Canada 
 2189471 
 4/29/2022 

Pending 

21 

REDEDGE-P 
 
 European
 Union 

4/29/2022 
 
 1664529 
 
 4/29/2022 
 
 Registered 

Japan 

4/29/2022 

Pending 

Mexico 

4/29/2022 

Pending 

Madrid
 Protocol 
 
 A0122452 
 
 4/29/2022 
 
 1664529 
 
 4/29/2022 
 
 Registered 
 
 THE
 SENSOR THAT DOESN T COMPROMISE 
 
 US 
 
 88
 /521846 
 
 7/18/2019 
 
 6062427 
 
 5/26/2020 
 
 Registered 
 
 AGEAGLE 
 
 US 
 68
 /08302 
 
 7/20/2021 
 
 90837274 
 
 8/2/2022 
 
 Registered 
 
 THE
 DRONE AGE 
 
 US 
 
 88
 /946058 
 
 6/3/2020 

Pending 

Canada 
 
 2068393 
 
 12/3/2020 

Pending 
 
 SENSEFLY,
 A KAMBILL COMPANY AND DESIGN 
 
 India 

12/16/2021 
 
 5249406 
 
 8/1/2022 
 
 Registered 

Australia 

3/13/2013 
 
 1553690 
 
 3/13/2013 
 
 Registered 

Brazil 

3/25/2013 
 
 840461313 
 
 1/12/2016 
 
 Registered 

Brazil 

3/25/2013 
 
 840461305 
 
 3/6/2018 
 
 Registered 

Canada 
 
 TMA932233 
 
 3/15/2013 
 
 1618501 
 
 3/21/2016 
 
 Registered 

China 

3/13/2013 
 
 1156183 
 
 12/24/2013 
 
 Registered 

European
 Union 

3/13/2013 
 
 1156183 
 
 3/13/2017 
 
 Registered 
 
 EBEE 
 
 Russia 

3/13/2013 
 
 1156183 
 
 11/13/2014 
 
 Registered 

South
 Africa 
 
 2013/06574 
 
 3/14/2013 

Pending 

South
 Africa 
 
 2013/06573 
 
 3/14/2013 

Pending 

Switzerland 
 
 61158/2012 
 
 9/18/2012 
 
 638841 
 
 1/21/2013 
 
 Registered 

US 
 
 79128567

3/13/2013 
 
 4503673 
 
 4/1/2014 
 
 Registered 

WIPO 

3/13/2013 
 
 7/8/5065 
 
 3/13/2013 
 
 Registered 

Australia 

1/22/2015 
 
 1241930 
 
 1/22/2015 
 
 Registered 

Brazil 

1/30/2015 
 
 908933975 

Registered 

China 

1/22/2015 
 
 1241930 
 
 1/22/2015 
 
 Registered 

European
 Union 

1/22/2015 
 
 1241930 
 
 1/22/2015 
 
 Registered 
 
 EXOM 
 
 Russia 

1/22/2015 
 
 1241930 
 
 1/22/2015 
 
 Registered 

South
 Africa 

1/23/2015 
 
 2015/01806 

Pending 

Switzerland 
 
 59684/2014 
 
 8/20/2014 
 
 663964 
 
 9/24/2014 
 
 Registered 

WIPO 

1/22/2015 
 
 1241930 
 
 1/22/2015 
 
 Registered 

United
 Kingdom 

1/22/2015 
 
 UK00801241930 
 
 2/11/2016 
 
 Registered 

Australia 

11/8/2011 
 
 1100123 
 
 11/8/2011 
 
 Registered 

Brazil 

3/4/2016 
 
 910715637 
 
 4/17/2018 
 
 Registered 

Brazil 

3/4/2016 
 
 910715580 
 
 4/17/2018 
 
 Registered 

Canada 
 
 TMA1013798 
 
 2/25/2016 
 
 1769512 
 
 1/24/2019 
 
 Registered 

China 

11/8/2011 
 
 1100123 
 
 11/8/2011 
 
 Registered 
 
 SENSEFLY 
 
 European
 Union 

11/8/2011 
 
 1100123 
 
 11/8/2011 
 
 Registered 

Russia 

11/8/2011 
 
 1100123 
 
 11/8/2011 
 
 Registered 

Switzerland 
 
 62950/2010 
 
 5/8/2011 
 
 615741 
 
 5/26/2011 
 
 Registered 

US 
 
 79106546 
 
 11/8/2011 
 
 4166369 
 
 7/3/2012 
 
 Registered 

WIPO 

1100123 
 
 11/8/2011 
 
 Registered 

Australia 

9/9/2016 
 
 1814255 
 
 9/9/2016 
 
 Registered 

China 

1322220 
 
 9/9/2016 
 
 Registered 

European
 Union 

132220 
 
 9/9/2016 
 
 Registered 
 
 ALBRIS 
 
 Russia 

132220 
 
 9/9/2016 
 
 Registered 

Switzerland 
 
 53355/2016 
 
 3/16/2016 
 
 685791 
 
 3/30/2016 
 
 Registered 

US 
 
 79197603 
 
 9/9/2016 
 
 5178765 
 
 4/11/2017 
 
 Registered 

WIPO 

132220 
 
 9/9/2016 
 
 Registered 
 
 EBEE
 TAC 
 
 Switzerland 
 
 15306/2020 
 
 10/29/2020 
 
 754619 
 
 11/6/2020 
 
 Registered 

WIPO 

4/21/2021 
 
 1615756 
 
 4/21/2021 
 
 Registered 

22 

Patents
 and Pending Patents 
 
 Invention
 Name 
 Country
 Code 
 Status 
 
 Application
 No. 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 Publication
 No. 
 
 Publication
 Date 
 Patent
 No. 
 Patent
 Date 
 
 REFLECTANCE PANELS FEATURING MACHINE-READABLE
 SYMBOL AND METHODS OF USE 
 US 
 NP-Filed 
 
 62/160732 
 
 5/13/15 

REFLECTANCE PANELS FEATURING MACHINE-READABLE
 SYMBOL AND METHODS OF USE 
 US 
 Granted 
 
 15/154719 
 
 5/13/16 
 20170352110 
 
 12/7/17 
 10467711 
 11/5/19 
 
 THERMAL CALIBRATION OF AN INFRARED IMAGE SENSOR 
 US 
 Granted 
 
 15/620627 
 
 6/12/17 
 20170358105 
 
 12/14/17 
 10518900 
 12/31/19 
 
 THERMAL CALIBRATION OF AN INFRARED IMAGE SENSOR 
 US 
 NP-Filed 
 
 62/350116 
 
 6/14/16 

MULTI-SENSOR IRRADIANCE ESTIMATION 
 PCT 
 Converted 
 
 US2017/066524 
 
 12/14/17 
 WO2018/136175 
 
 7/26/18 

MULTI-SENSOR IRRADIANCE ESTIMATION 
 US 
 Granted 
 
 16/037952 
 
 7/17/18 
 20180343367 
 
 11/29/18 
 11290623 
 3/29/22 
 
 MULTI-SENSOR IRRADIANCE ESTIMATION 
 China 
 Published 
 
 201780083888.1 
 
 12/14/17 
 CN110291368A 
 
 9/27/19 

MULTI-SENSOR IRRADIANCE ESTIMATION 
 Europe 
 Published 
 
 17892899.0 
 
 12/14/17 
 3571480 
 
 11/27/19 

MULTI-SENSOR IRRADIANCE ESTIMATION 
 Japan 
 Published 
 
 2019-529189 
 
 12/14/17 
 2020-515809 
 
 5/28/20 

IMAGE SENSOR AND THERMAL CAMERA DEVICE, SYSTEM
 AND METHOD 
 Europe 
 Published 
 
 19892185.0 
 
 12/3/19 
 3890466 
 
 10/13/21 

23 

IMAGE SENSOR AND THERMAL CAMERA
 DEVICE, SYSTEM AND METHOD 
 China 
 Allowed 
 201980079714.7 
 12/3/19 
 CN113226007A 
 8/6/21 

IMAGE SENSOR AND THERMAL CAMERA DEVICE, SYSTEM
 AND METHOD 
 US 
 Published 
 17 /299258 
 6/2/21 
 20220038644 
 2/3/22 

IMAGE SENSOR AND THERMAL CAMERA DEVICE, SYSTEM
 AND METHOD 
 PCT 
 Converted 
 US2019/064296 
 12/3/19 
 WO2020/117847 
 6/11/20 

DIFFUSER FOR IRRADIANCE SENSOR 
 US 
 Published 
 17 /720093 
 4/13/22 
 20220333979 
 10/20/22 

DIFFUSER FOR LIGHT SENSOR 
 US 
 NP-Filed 
 63 /174929 
 4/14/21 

AERIAL IMAGING SYSTEM AND METHOD HAVING MULTISPECTRAL
 AND PANCHROMATIC SENSORS 
 PCT 
 Pending 
 US2022/075938 
 9/2/22 

AERIAL IMAGING SYSTEM AND METHOD HAVING MULTISPECTRAL
 AND PANCHROMATIC SENSORS 
 US 
 NP-Filed 
 63/240730 
 9/3/21 

CAMERA 
 US 
 Granted 
 29/691510 
 5/16/19 

D907099 
 1/5/21 
 
 CAMERA 
 US 
 Granted 
 29/691512 
 5/16/19 

D907100 
 1/5/21 
 
 LIGHT SENSOR 
 US 
 Granted 
 29/691513 
 5/16/19 

D906845 
 1/5/21 
 
 LENS HOUSING 
 US 
 Granted 
 29/691516 
 5/16/19 

D907102 
 1/5/21 

Where
You Can Find Additional Information 

The
Company is subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act. The Company files with, or furnishes to, the SEC quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports and will furnish its proxy statement. These filings are available
free of charge on the Company s website, wwwageagle.com, shortly after they are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains
an Internet website, www.sec.gov, which contains reports and information statements and other information regarding issuers. 

24 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

The
risk factors discussed below could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements.
Although we have attempted to list comprehensively these important factors, we caution you that other factors may in the future prove
to be important in affecting our results of operations. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict
all of these factors, nor can we assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination
of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. 

The
risks described below set forth what we believe to be the most material risks associated with the purchase of our Common Stock. Before
you invest in our Common Stock, you should carefully consider these risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this
prospectus. 

We
have a history of operating losses and expect to incur significant additional operating expenses. 

Through
our wholly-owned subsidiary, AgEagle Aerial, Inc., we have been operating for over ten years. It was not until 2021 that we acquired
the latest go-to-market airframes, sensors and software technologies of our products. As of December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated
deficit of approximately 165.58 million which included net losses of approximately 42.42 million and 58.25 million for the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We are currently still incurring significant net losses as we continue to invest in our business
strategy and grow our business as a result, we cannot guarantee that when we expect to generate sufficient cash flows from operations
to be adequate to cover our operating business. Moreover, even if we achieve profitability, given the competitive and evolving nature
of the industries in which we operate, we may be unable to sustain or increase profitability and failure to do so would adversely affect
our business, including our ability to raise additional funds. 

We
will need additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which would force us to delay, curtail or eliminate one
or more of our research and development programs or commercialization efforts. 

Our
operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on product
and software development. We will require additional funds to support our continued research and development activities, as well as
the costs of commercializing, marketing and selling any existing and new products and/or services resulting from those activities.
Until such time, that we can generate sufficient revenue and achieve profitability, we will need to meet our future cash needs
through equity or debt financings. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in our capital raising efforts. 

On
May 25, 2021, the Company entered into an at-the-market Sales Agreement (the ATM Sales Agreement with Stifel, Nicolaus
 Company, Incorporated and Raymond James Associates, Inc. as sales agents (the Agents ), in connection with the
offer and sale from time to time of shares of the Company s Common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to 100,000,000
(the ATM Shares ), through an at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Offering ). During 2022, we raised
total gross proceeds of 17.8 million in debt and equity transactions, including 4.6 million through the ATM Offering. 

On
June 26 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor (the Investor which
is an existing shareholder of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of that agreement, the Company issued and sold to the Investor 10,000
shares of the Series F 5 Preferred Convertible Stock Series F and warrants to purchase up to 16,129,032 shares of the
Company s Common Stock at 0.96 per share in a registered direct offering and raised a total of 10,000,000 in gross proceeds. 

On
December 6, 2022, the Company and the Investor entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company issued and
sold to the Investor (i) a 8 original issue discount promissory note (the Note in the aggregate principal amount of 3,500,000,
and (ii) a common stock purchase warrant (the Warrant to purchase up to 5,000,000 shares of the Company s Common
Stock (the Shares at an exercise price of 0.44 per share, subject to standard anti-dilution adjustments. The Note is
an unsecured obligation of the Company. It has an original issue discount of 4 and bears interest at 8 per annum. The Company received
net proceeds of 3,285,000 net of the original issue discount of 140,000 and 75,000 of issuance costs. The Warrant is not exercisable
for the first six months after issuance and has a five-year term from the initial exercise date of June 6, 2023. 

25 

On
March 10, 2023, the Company issued and sold to the Investor an additional 3,000 shares of Series F convertible into 2,381 shares of the
Company s common stock, per 1,000 Stated Value per share of Preferred Stock, at a conversion price of 0.42 per share and associated
common stock warrant to purchase up to 7,142,715 shares of common stock at the exercise price of 0.42 per share warrant (the Additional
Warrant in a private placement and raised 3,000,000 in gross proceeds. The Additional Warrant is exercisable upon issuance and
has a three-year term. 

On
June 5, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain accredited
investors (the Investors ). Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue and sell to
Investors (i) 16,720,000 shares of Common Stock (the Offering Shares at 0.25 per share and (ii) warrants to purchase
up to 25,080,000 shares of common stock (the Warrants ), exercisable at 0.38 per share (the Warrant Shares 
together with the Warrants and Offering Shares, the Securities and raised gross sales proceeds of 4,180,000. The Warrant
is for a term of 5.5 years commencing on the closing date but is not exercisable for the first six months after closing. As a result,
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement the Company issued 16,720,000 shares of Common Stock for proceeds of 3,817,400, net of issuance costs
from the offering and warrants to purchase up to 25,080,000 shares of common stock exercisable at 0.38 per share. 

On
November 15, 2023, the Company and Investors, which included Alpha, entered into the Assignment Agreement, pursuant to which, among other
things, (i) Alpha transferred and assigned to certain institutional and accredited investors (the Assignees ), the rights
and obligations to purchase up to 1,850,000 or 1,850 shares at a price of 1,000 per share of Series F Preferred pursuant to the Additional
Investment Right provided in the Series F Agreement (the Assigned Rights ), (ii) the Series F Agreement was amended so that
the Assignees are party thereto and have the same rights and obligations thereunder as the investor to the extent of the Assigned Rights,
(iii) the time period during which the investor can provide an Investor Notice was extended from August 3, 2024 until February 3, 2025;
and (iv) Alpha and the Company agreed to a one-time waiver of the Minimum Subscription Requirement to allow exercise of the Assigned
Rights. 

The
foregoing description of the Assignment Agreement does not purport to be
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Assignment Agreement ,
filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report and incorporated by reference herein. 

Pursuant to the Investor Notices received by the Company from the Investor and the Assignees on November 15, 2023,
delivered in connection with the Assignment, the Investor and the Assignees have provided notices of their desire to purchase 1,850 shares
of Preferred Stock (the November Additional Series F Preferred convertible into 14,835,605 shares of Common Stock (the
 November Conversion Shares at a conversion price of 0.1247 per share and warrants (the November Additional Warrants to purchase up to 14,835,605 shares of our Common Stock an exercise price of 0.1247 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 1,850,000.
The November Additional Warrants will be exercisable upon issuance and have a three-year term. 

Pursuant
to the Investor Notice received by the Company from Alpha, the Company sold to Alpha 650 shares of November Additional Series F
Preferred, which are part of the 1,850 shares and are convertible into 5,212,510 shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of
 0.1247 per share (which was adjusted to 0.10 per share as a result of the Common Stock Offering) and November Additional Warrants
to purchase up to 5,212,510 shares of our Common Stock an initial exercise price of 0.1247 per share (which was adjusted to 0.10
per warrant as a result of the Common Stock Offering) for an aggregate purchase price of 650,000. 

Despite
the foregoing, we will require additional financing in the future. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may have to delay,
curtail, or eliminate commercializing, marketing and selling one or more of our solutions. Should the financing we require be unavailable
to us, or on terms unacceptable to us when we require it, the consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, financial condition, and prospects. 

In
addition, if additional funds are obtained through arrangements with collaborative partners or other non-dilutive sources, we may have
to relinquish economic and/or proprietary rights to some of our technologies or products under development that we would otherwise seek
to develop or commercialize by ourselves. Such events may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial
condition and prospects. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As
of December 31, 2023, the Company had 0.8 million of cash on hand and working capital of negative 0.5 million. During the year ended
December 31, 2023, the Company incurred a net loss of approximately 42.4 million and used cash in operating activities of approximately
 11.0 million. While the Company has historically been successful in raising capital to meet its working capital needs, the ability to
continue raising such capital to enable the Company to continue its growth is not guaranteed. As the Company will require additional
liquidity to continue its operations and meet its financial obligations over the next twelve months, there is substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is evaluating strategies to obtain the required additional funding
for future operations and the restructuring of operations to grow revenues and reduce expenses. 

26 

If
the Company is unable to generate significant sales growth in the near term and raise additional capital, there is a risk that the Company
could default on obligations; and could be required to discontinue or significantly reduce the scope of its operations if no other means
of financing options are available. The consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities or any other
adjustment that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and the Industries We Serve 

We
operate in evolving markets, which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and future prospects. 

AgEagle s
drone, sensor and software technologies are and will be sold in new and rapidly evolving markets. The commercial UAV industry is in the
early stages of customer adoption and the FAA s definition of regulations relating to the integration of commercial drones into
the U.S. National Airspace System is rapidly evolving. Accordingly, our business and future prospects may be difficult to evaluate. We
cannot accurately predict the extent to which demand for our drone systems and solutions will increase, if at all. The challenges, risks
and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in rapidly evolving markets could impact our ability to do the following: 

Generate
 sufficient revenue to achieve sustainable profitability; 

Acquire
 and maintain market share; 

Achieve
 or manage growth in our business operations; 

Renew
 contracts; 

Attract
 and retain software and system engineers and other highly qualified personnel; 

Successfully
 develop for the commercial market new products and end-to-end solutions; 

Adapt
 to new or changing polices and spending priorities of current and prospective clients; and 

Access
 to additional capital when required and on reasonable terms. 

If
we fail to address these and other challenges, risks and uncertainties successfully, our business, results of operations and financial
condition would be materially harmed. 

Product
development is a long, expensive, and uncertain process. 

The
development of UAV systems is a costly, complex and time-consuming process, and investments in product development often involve a long
wait until a return, if any, can be achieved on such investment. We might face difficulties or delays in the development process that
will result in our inability to timely offer products that satisfy the market, which might allow competing products to emerge during
the development and certification process. We plan to continue making significant investments in research and development relating to
our products and technology services, but such investments are inherently speculative and require substantial capital expenditures. Any
unforeseen technical obstacles and challenges that we encounter in the research and development process could result in delays in or
the abandonment of product commercialization, may substantially increase development costs, and will likely negatively affect our results
of operations. 

27 

Successful
technical development of our products does not guarantee successful commercialization. 

Although
we have successfully acquired our fully developed go-to-market UAV systems, sensors, and software technology solutions ready for sale
or subscription, we may still fail to achieve commercial success for several reasons, including, among others, the following: 

failure
 to obtain the required regulatory approvals for their use; 

rapid
 obsolescence of a product due to new, more advanced technologies; 

prohibitive
 production costs; 

competing
 products; 

lack
 of product innovation; 

unsuccessful
 distribution and marketing through our sales channels; 

insufficient
 cooperation from our supply and distribution partners; and 

product
 development that does not align with or meet customer needs. 

Our
success in the market for the products and services we develop will depend largely on our ability to properly demonstrate their capabilities.
Upon demonstration, our solutions may not have the capabilities they were designed to have or that we believed they would have. Furthermore,
even if we do successfully demonstrate our products capabilities, potential customers may be more comfortable doing business with
our competitors; or may not feel there is a significant need for the products we develop. As a result, significant revenue from our current
and new product investments may not be achieved for several years, if at all, and that will affect the Company s profitability. 

We
face competition from other companies, many of which have substantially greater resources. 

Our
competitors may be able to provide customers with products that have different or greater capabilities or benefits than we can provide
in areas such as technical qualifications, past contract performance, geographic presence, price, and the availability of key professional
personnel. Furthermore, many of our competitors may be able to utilize their substantially greater resources and economies of scale to
develop competing products and technologies, manufacture in high volumes more efficiently, divert sales away from us by winning broader
contracts or hire away our employees by offering more lucrative compensation packages. Small business competitors may be able to offer
more cost competitive solutions, due to their lower overhead costs. The markets for commercial drones and services are quickly expanding,
and competition is intensifying as additional competitors enter the market and current competitors expand their product offerings. In
order to secure contracts successfully when competing with larger, better financed companies, we may be forced to agree to contractual
terms that provide for lower aggregate payments to us over the life of the contract, which could adversely affect our margins. Our failure
to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or future operating results. 

If
we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, we could lose our ability to compete in the marketplace. 

Our
intellectual property and proprietary rights are important to our ability to remain competitive and successful in the development of
our products and to our future growth potential. Patent protection can be limited and not all intellectual property can be patented.
We expect to rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality and non-disclosure
agreements and procedures, non-competition agreements and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property, other proprietary
rights and our brand. As we currently only have a limited amount of granted patent or copyright protections, we must rely on trade secrets
and nondisclosure agreements, which provide limited protections. Our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated, or
circumvented by third parties. We may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge or other trade
secrets by employees or competitors. 

28 

Furthermore,
our competitors may independently develop technologies and products that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technologies
and products, which could result in decreased revenues. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, which
could result in substantial costs to us and substantial diversion of management s attention. If we do not adequately protect our
intellectual property, our competitors could use it to enhance their products. Our inability to adequately protect our intellectual property
rights could adversely affect our business and financial condition, and the value of our brand and other intangible assets. 

Other
companies may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, which could materially increase our costs and harm our ability to generate
future revenue and profit. 

We
do not believe that our technologies infringe on the proprietary rights of any third party; however, claims of infringement are becoming
increasingly common and third parties may assert infringement claims against us. It may be difficult or impossible to identify, prior
to receipt of notice from a third party, the trade secrets, patent position or other intellectual property rights of a third party, either
in the United States or in foreign jurisdictions. Any such assertion may result in litigation or may require us to obtain a license for
the intellectual property rights of third parties. If we are required to obtain licenses to use any third-party technology, we would
have to pay royalties, which may significantly reduce any profit on our products. In addition, any such litigation could be expensive
and disruptive to our ability to generate revenue or enter into new market opportunities. If any of our products were found to infringe
other parties proprietary rights and we are unable to come to terms regarding a license with such parties, we may be forced to
modify our products to make them non-infringing or to cease production of such products altogether. 

The
nature of our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by insurance or indemnification. 

We
have developed and sold products and services in circumstances where insurance or indemnification may not be available, for example,
in connection with the collection and analysis of various types of information. In addition, our products and services raise questions
with respect to issues of civil liberties, intellectual property, trespass, conversion, and similar concepts, which may create legal
issues. Indemnification to cover potential claims or liabilities resulting from the failure of any technologies that we develop or deploy
may be available in certain circumstances but not in others. Currently, the unmanned aerial systems industry lacks a formative insurance
market. We may not be able to maintain insurance to protect against all operational risks and uncertainties that our customers confront.
Substantial claims resulting from an accident, product failure, or personal injury or property liability arising from our products and
services in excess of any indemnity or insurance coverage (or for which indemnity or insurance coverage is not available or is not obtained)
could harm our financial condition, cash flows and operating results. Any accident, even if fully covered or insured, could negatively
affect our reputation among our customers and the public, and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively. 

We
may incur substantial product liability claims relating to our products. 

As
a manufacturer of UAV products, and with aircraft and aviation sector companies under increased scrutiny in recent years, claims could
be brought against us if use or misuse of one of our UAV products causes, or merely appears to have caused, personal injury or death.
In addition, defects in our products may lead to other potential life, health and property risks. Any claims against us, regardless of
their merit, could severely harm our financial condition, strain our management and other resources. We are unable to predict if we will
be able to obtain or maintain product liability insurance for any of our products. 

29 

We
maintain cash deposits in excess of federally insured limits. Adverse developments affecting financial institutions, including bank failures,
could adversely affect our liquidity and financial performance. 

We
regularly maintain domestic cash deposits in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured banks, which exceed the
FDIC insurance limits. We also maintain cash deposits in foreign banks where we operate, some of which are not insured or are only partially
insured by the FDIC or other similar agencies. Bank failures, events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other
adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about such events, may lead to liquidity constraints.
For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank failed and was taken into receivership by the FDIC. Additionally, on March 15, 2023,
Credit Suisse announced that it would borrow up to 50 billion Swiss francs, or 53.7 billion, from the Swiss National Bank to address
its liquidity concerns. We have historically maintained deposits less than 1 million euros at Credit Suisse and have now lowered our
funds as part of our risk mitigation plan in connection with the foregoing, we may increase our deposits at Credit Suisse in the future
however there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively mitigate the risk of loss should a similar event impact Credit
Suisse in the future or any other bank at which we maintain deposits. The failure of a bank, or other adverse conditions in the financial
or credit markets impacting financial institutions at which we maintain balances, could adversely impact our liquidity and financial
performance. There can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the FDIC or other comparable insurance limits will be backstopped
by the U.S. or applicable foreign government, or that any bank or financial institution with which we do business will be able to obtain
needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions or by acquisition in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis. 

If
our subcontractors or suppliers fail to perform their contractual obligations, our performance and reputation as a contractor and our
ability to obtain future business could suffer. 

We
often rely upon other companies to perform work we are obligated to perform for our customers. As we secure more work under certain of
our contracts, we expect to require an increasing level of support from subcontractors that provide complementary or supplementary services
to our offers. We are responsible for the work performed by our subcontractors, even though in some cases we have limited involvement
in that work. If one or more of our subcontractors fails to satisfactorily perform the agreed-upon services on a timely basis or violates
contracting policies, laws or regulations, our ability to perform our obligations as a prime contractor or meet our customers 
requirements may be compromised. In extreme cases, performance, or other deficiencies on the part of our subcontractors could result
in a customer terminating our contract for default. A termination for default could expose us to liability, including liability for the
costs of re-procurement, could damage our reputation and could hurt our ability to compete for future contracts. 

For
certain of the components included in our products, there are a limited number of suppliers we can rely upon. If we are unable to obtain
these components when needed, we could experience delays in the manufacturing of our products and our financial results could be adversely
affected. 

Suppliers
of some of the components of our products may require us to place orders with significant lead-time to assure supply in accordance with
their manufacturing requirements and enter into agreements specifically for our technological services business. Delays in supply may
significantly hurt our ability to fulfill our contractual obligations and therefore our business and result of operations. In addition,
we may not be able to continue to obtain such components from these suppliers on satisfactory commercial terms. Disruptions of our manufacturing
operations would ensue if we were required to obtain components from alternative sources, which would have an adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

If
we are unable to recruit and retain key management, technical and sales personnel, our business would be negatively affected. 

For
our business to be successful, we need to attract and retain highly qualified executive, technical and sales personnel. The failure to
recruit additional key personnel when needed, with specific qualifications, on acceptable terms and with an ability to maintain positive
relationships with our partners, might impede our ability to continue to develop, commercialize and sell our products and services. To
the extent the demand for skilled personnel exceeds supply, we could experience higher labor, recruiting and training costs in order
to attract and retain such employees. The loss of any members of our management team may also delay or impair achievement of our business
objectives and result in business disruptions due to the time needed for their replacements to be recruited and become familiar with
our business. We face competition for qualified personnel from other companies with significantly more resources available to them and
thus may not be able to attract the level of personnel needed for our business to succeed. 

30 

If
our proposed marketing efforts are unsuccessful, we may not earn enough revenue to become profitable. 

Our
future growth depends on our gaining market acceptance and regular production orders for our products and services. Our marketing plan
includes attendance at trade shows, conducting private demonstrations, advertising, social media, public relations, promotional materials
and advertising campaigns in print and/or broadcast media. In addition, our marketing plan incorporates strategies to nurture, expand
and leverage our global reseller network and relationships with government and defense contractors to achieve greater market penetration
in the commercial and government/military verticals. In the event we are not successful in obtaining a significant volume of orders for
our products and technology services, we will face significant obstacles in expanding our business. We cannot give any assurance that
our marketing efforts will be successful. If they are not, revenue may not be sufficient to cover our fixed costs and we may not become
profitable. 

Our
operating margins may be negatively impacted by a reduction in sales or an increase in the cost of products sold. 

Expectations
regarding future sales and expenses are largely fixed in the short term. We maintain raw materials and finish goods at a volume we feel
is necessary for anticipated distribution and sales. Therefore, we may not be able to reduce costs in a timely manner to compensate for
any unexpected shortfalls between forecasted and actual sales. 

We
face a significant risk of failure because we cannot accurately forecast our future revenues and operating results. 

The
rapidly changing nature of the markets in which we compete makes it difficult to accurately forecast our revenues and operating results.
Furthermore, we expect our revenues and operating results to fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors, including the following: 

the
 timing of sales or subscription of our products; 

unexpected
 delays in introducing new products and services; 

increased
 expenses, whether related to sales and marketing or administration; and 

costs
 related to possible acquisitions of businesses. 

Rapid
technological changes may adversely affect the market acceptance of our products and could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

The
markets in which we compete are subject to technological changes, introduction of new products, change in customer demands and evolving
industry standards. Our future success will depend upon our ability to keep pace with technological developments and to timely address
the increasingly sophisticated needs of our customers by supporting existing and new technologies and by developing and introducing enhancements
to our current products and services and new products and services. We may not be successful in developing and marketing enhancements
to our products that will respond to technological change, evolving industry standards or customer requirements. In addition, we may
experience difficulties internally or in conjunction with key vendors and partners that could delay or prevent the successful development,
introduction and sale of such enhancements and such enhancements may not adequately meet the requirements of the market and may not achieve
any significant degree of market acceptance. If the release dates of our new products or enhancements are delayed or, if when released,
they fail to achieve market acceptance, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

31 

Failure
to obtain necessary regulatory approvals from the FAA or other governmental agencies, or limitations put on the use of small UAS in response
to public privacy concerns, may prevent us from expanding the sales of our drone solutions to commercial and industrial customers in
the United States. 

The
regulation of small UAS for commercial use in the United States is undergoing substantial change and the ultimate treatment is uncertain.
In August 2016, the FAA s final rules regarding the routine use of certain small UAS (under 55 pounds) in the U.S. National Airspace
System went into effect, providing safety regulations for small UAS conducting non-recreational operations and contain various limitations
and restrictions for such operations, including a requirement that operators keep UAS within visual-line-of-sight and prohibiting flights
over unprotected people on the ground who are not directly participating in the operation of the UAS. In April 2021, the FAA s
final rules requiring remote identification of UAS went into effect. On the same day, the final rule for operation of small UAS to fly
over people and at night under certain conditions also went into effect. We cannot assure you that any additional final rules will result
in the expanded use of our UAS and UAS solutions by commercial and industrial entities. In addition, there exists public concern regarding
the privacy implications of U.S. commercial use of small UAS. This concern has included calls to develop explicit written policies and
procedures establishing usage limitations. We cannot assure you that the response from regulatory agencies, customers and privacy advocates
to these concerns will not delay or restrict the adoption of small UAS by the commercial use markets. 

Federal,
state and tribal government regulation of domestic hemp cultivation is new and subject to constant change and evolution, and unfavorable
developments could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

Any
changes in laws or regulations relating to domestic hemp cultivation could adversely affect our business, results of operations and our
business prospects for our HempOverview SaaS platform. 

We
may pursue additional strategic transactions in the future, which could be difficult to implement, disrupt our business or change our
business profile significantly. 

We
intend to consider additional potential strategic transactions, which could involve acquisitions of businesses or assets, joint ventures
or investments in businesses, products or technologies that expand, complement or otherwise relate to our current or future business.
We may also consider, from time to time, opportunities to engage in joint ventures or other business collaborations with third parties
to address particular market segments. Should our relationships fail to materialize into significant agreements, or should we fail to
work efficiently with these companies, we may lose sales and marketing opportunities and our business, results of operations and financial
condition could be adversely affected. 

These
activities, if successful, create risks such as, among others: (i) the need to integrate and manage the businesses and products acquired
with our own business and products; (ii) additional demands on our resources, systems, procedures and controls; (iii) disruption of our
ongoing business; (iv) potential unknown or unquantifiable liabilities associated with the target company; and (v) diversion of management s
attention from other business concerns. Moreover, these transactions could involve: (a) substantial investment of funds or financings
by issuance of debt or equity securities; (b) substantial investment with respect to technology transfers and operational integration;
and (c) the acquisition or disposition of product lines or businesses. Also, such activities could result in one-time charges and expenses
and have the potential to either dilute the interests of our existing shareholders or result in the issuance of, or assumption of debt.
Such acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or other business collaborations may involve significant commitments of financial and
other resources. Any such activities may not be successful in generating revenue, income or other returns, and any resources we committed
to such activities will not be available to us for other purposes. Moreover, if we are unable to access the capital markets on acceptable
terms or at all, we may not be able to consummate acquisitions, or may have to do so on the basis of a less than optimal capital structure.
Our inability to take advantage of growth opportunities or address risks associated with acquisitions or investments in businesses may
negatively affect our operating results. 

Additionally,
any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets acquired in an acquisition or in an investment, or charges to earnings associated
with any acquisition or investment activity, may materially reduce our earnings. Future acquisitions or joint ventures may not result
in their anticipated benefits and we may not be able to properly integrate acquired products, technologies or businesses with our existing
products and operations or successfully combine personnel and cultures. Failure to do so could deprive us of the intended benefits of
those acquisitions. 

32 

Cyberattacks
and other security breaches of network or information technology security could have an adverse effect on our business. 

We
maintain information necessary to conduct our business, including confidential and proprietary information as well as personal information
regarding our customers and employees, in digital form. We also use computer systems to deliver our products and services and operate
our businesses. Data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of unauthorized access, modification, exfiltration, destruction
or denial of access and our computer systems are subject to cyberattacks that may result in disruptions in service. We use many third-party
systems and software, which are also subject to supply chain and other cyberattacks. We develop and maintain an information security
program to identify and mitigate cyber risks, but the development and maintenance of this program is costly and requires ongoing monitoring
and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Accordingly, despite our efforts,
the risk of unauthorized access, modification, exfiltration, destruction or denial of access with respect to data or systems and other
cybersecurity attacks cannot be eliminated entirely, and the risks associated with a potentially material incident remain. In addition,
we provide some confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties in certain cases when it is necessary to pursue business
objectives. While we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information and, where we believe appropriate, monitor
the protections employed by these third parties, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held by third parties may be compromised. 

The
potential liabilities associated with these events could exceed the insurance coverage we maintain. Our inability to operate our facilities
as a result of such events, even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses or loss of market share to other competitors.
In addition, a failure to protect the privacy of customer and employee confidential data against breaches of technology platforms or
IT security could result in damage to our reputation. To date, we have not been subject to cyber-attacks or other cyber incidents which,
individually or in aggregate, resulted in a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Successful
cybersecurity attacks or other security incidents however, could result in, for example, one or more of the following: unauthorized access
to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of company, customer, or other third party data or systems; theft or import
or export of sensitive, regulated, or confidential data including personal information and intellectual property, including key innovations
in artificial intelligence, quantum, or other disruptive technologies; the loss of access to critical data or systems through ransomware,
crypto mining, destructive attacks or other means; and business delays, service or system disruptions or denials of service. 

We
may not be successful in our artificial intelligence initiatives, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial
results. 

The development
of generative artificial intelligence AI technologies is complex, and there are technical challenges associated with achieving
the desired level of accuracy, efficiency, and reliability. The algorithms and models utilized in generative AI systems may have limitations,
including biases, errors, or inability to handle certain data types or scenarios. Furthermore, there is a risk of system failures, disruptions,
or vulnerabilities that could compromise the integrity, security, or privacy of the generated content. These limitations or failures could
result in reputational damage, legal liabilities, or loss of user confidence. 

We are making investments in AI initiatives, including generative AI, to, among other things, develop new products,
and develop new features for existing products. There are significant risks involved in development and deploying AI and there can
be no assurance that the usage of AI will enhance our products or services or be beneficial to our business, including our efficiency
or profitability. For example, our AI-related efforts may give rise to risks related to accuracy, intellectual property infringement or
misappropriation, data privacy, and cybersecurity, among others. In addition, these risks include the possibility of new or enhanced governmental
or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, or other legal liability, ethical concerns, negative consumer perceptions as to automation and AI,
or other complications that could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. Further, we face significant competition
from other companies that are developing their own AI products and technologies. Those other companies may develop AI products and technologies
that are similar or superior to our technologies or are more cost-effective to develop and deploy. We cannot guarantee that third parties
will not use such AI technologies for improper purposes, including through the dissemination of inaccurate content, intellectual property
infringement or misappropriation, furthering cybersecurity attacks, data privacy violations, or to develop competing technologies. As
such, it is not possible to predict all of the risks related to the use of AI and changes in laws, rules, directives, and regulations
governing the use of AI may adversely affect our ability to develop and use AI or subject us to legal liability. 

The
preparation of our financial statements involves use of estimates, judgments and assumptions, and our financial statements may be materially
affected if our estimates prove to be inaccurate. 

Financial
statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States require the use of estimates, judgments,
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. Different estimates, judgments, and assumptions reasonably could be used that would
have a material effect on the financial statements, and changes in these estimates, judgments and assumptions are likely to occur from
period to period in the future. These estimates, judgments, and assumptions are inherently uncertain, and, if they prove to be wrong,
then we face the risk that charges to income will be required. 

Our
results of operations can be significantly affected by foreign currency fluctuations and regulations. 

A
significant portion of our revenues are currently derived in the local currencies of the foreign jurisdictions in which our products
are sold. Accordingly, we are subject to risks relating to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. In the future, and especially as
we further expand our sales efforts in international markets, our customers will increasingly make payments in non-U.S. currencies. Fluctuations
in foreign currency exchange rates could affect our revenues, operating costs, and operating margins. In addition, currency devaluation
can result in a loss to us if we hold deposits of that currency or if it reduces the cost-competitiveness of our products. We cannot
predict the effect of future exchange rate fluctuations on our operating results. 

Our
results could be adversely affected by natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, or other catastrophic events. 

Natural
disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes and other adverse weather and climate conditions; unforeseen public health
crises, such as pandemics and epidemics; political crises, such as terrorist attacks, war, labor unrest, and other political instability;
or other catastrophic events, such as disasters occurring at our manufacturing facilities, could disrupt our operations or the operations
of one or more of our vendors. In particular, these types of events could impact our product supply chain from or to the impacted region
and could impact our ability to operate. In addition, these types of events could negatively impact consumer spending in the impacted
regions. Disasters occurring at our facilities could impact on our reputation and our customers perception of our
brands. To the extent any of these events occur, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected. 

33 

International
trade disruptions or disputes could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Significant
portions of our business are conducted in Europe, Asia, and other international geographies. Interruptions in international
relationships such as the exit by the U.K., commonly referred to as Brexit from the EU, or the rapidly evolving
conflict between Russia and Ukraine, Isarael and Hamas and trade disputes such as the current trade negotiations between the U.S.
and China, could result in changes to regulations governing our products and our intellectual property, disruption of our
manufacturing or commercial operations, our inability to timely engage with and collect payment from customers in Russia and other
affected regions, or otherwise affect our ability to do business. Although these global problems transcend our company and afflict
companies across industries and borders, these and similar events could adversely affect us, or our business partners or
customers. 

Russia s
military conflict in Ukraine have led to, and may lead to, additional sanctions being levied by the United States, European Union and
other countries against Russia. Russia s military incursion and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect global energy and
financial markets. Although our business does not have any direct exposure to Russia or the adjoining geographic regions, the extent
and duration of the military action, sanctions, and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial.
Any such disruptions caused by Russian military action or resulting sanctions may magnify the impact of other risks described in this
section. We cannot predict the progress or outcome of the situation in Ukraine, as the conflict and governmental reactions are rapidly
developing and beyond our control. Prolonged unrest intensified military activities or more extensive sanctions impacting the region
could have a material adverse effect on the global economy, and such effect could in turn have a material adverse effect on the operations,
results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and business outlook of our business. 

There
has been volatility in financial markets as a result of a number of factors, including, but not limited to, banking instability, global
conflict, including the war in Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war, inflation, changes in interest rates, and volatile markets. There is
a risk that as a result of these macroeconomic factors, we could experience declines in all, or in portions, of our business. Economic
uncertainty may cause some of our current or potential customers to curtail spending in our marketplace and may ultimately result in
cost challenges to our operations. Any resulting adverse effects to our customers liquidity or financial performance could reduce
the demand for our products or affect our allowance for collectability of accounts receivable. These adverse conditions could result
in reductions in revenue, increased operating expenses, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies, and increased competition.
We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown or any subsequent recovery generally. If general economic
conditions significantly deviate from present levels, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected. 

We
are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), which generally prohibits companies and their intermediaries
from making payments to non-U.S. government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing any other improper
advantage . 

We
are also subject to anti-bribery laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Although we have policies and procedures designed to
ensure that we, our employees and our agents comply with the FCPA and other anti-bribery laws, there is no assurance that such policies
or procedures will protect us against liability under the FCPA or other laws for actions taken by our agents, employees and intermediaries
with respect to our business or any businesses that we acquire. We do business in a number of countries in which FCPA violations by other
companies have recently been enforced. Failure to comply with the FCPA, other anti-bribery laws or other laws governing the conduct of
business with foreign government entities, including local laws, could disrupt our business and lead to severe criminal and civil penalties,
including imprisonment, criminal and civil fines, loss of our export licenses, suspension of our ability to do business with the federal
government, denial of government reimbursement for our products and/or exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs.
Other remedial measures could include further changes or enhancements to our procedures, policies, and controls and potential personnel
changes and/or disciplinary actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and liquidity. We could also be adversely affected by any allegation that we violated such laws. 

We
are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets due to licensing
requirements and subject us to liability if we are not in compliance with applicable laws. 

Our
products are subject to export control and import laws, tariffs, and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations,
U.S. Customs regulations, and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office
of Foreign Assets Controls. Exports of our products must be made in compliance with these laws, tariffs, and regulations. If we fail
to comply with these laws, tariffs, and regulations, we and certain of our employees could be subject to substantial civil or criminal
penalties, including the possible loss of export or import privileges; fines, which may be imposed on us and responsible employees or
managers; and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. In addition, changes in our products or changes
in applicable export or import laws, tariffs, and regulations may create delays in the introduction and sale of our products in international
markets or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain countries, governments or persons altogether. Any
change in export or import laws and regulations, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing laws, tariffs, and regulations, or change
in the countries, governments, persons, products, or technologies targeted by such laws, tariffs, and regulations, could also result
in decreased use of our products, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to existing or potential customers. Any
decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products would likely adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

34 

Worldwide
and domestic economic trends and financial market conditions, including an economic decline in the industries we serve, may adversely
affect our operating performance. 

We
intend to distribute our products and services in a number of countries and derive revenues from both inside and outside the United States.
We expect our business will be subject to global competition and may be adversely affected by factors in the United States and other
countries that are beyond our control, such as disruptions in financial markets, economic downturns in the form of either contained or
widespread recessionary conditions, elevated unemployment levels, sluggish or uneven recovery, in specific countries or regions, or in
the agricultural industry; social, political or labor conditions in specific countries or regions; natural and other disasters affecting
our operations or our customers and suppliers; or adverse changes in the availability and cost of capital, interest rates, tax rates,
or regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Unfavorable global or regional economic conditions, including an economic decline
in the industries we serve including, but not limited to, agriculture, construction, energy, environmental monitoring, military/defense
and public safety could adversely impact our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
senior management and key employees are important to our customer relationships and overall business. 

We
believe that our success depends in part on the continued contributions of our senior management and key employees. We rely heavily on
our executive officers, senior management and key employees to generate business and execute programs successfully. In addition, the
relationships and reputation that members of our management team and key employees have established and maintain with certain key customers
continue to our ability to maintain good customer relations and to identify new business opportunities. The loss of any of our executive
officers, members of our senior management team or key employees could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business
objectives and could materially harm our business and customer relationships and impair our ability to identify and secure new contracts
and otherwise manage our business. 

We
indemnify our officers and directors against liability to us and our security holders, and such indemnification could increase our operating
costs. 

Our
bylaws allow us to indemnify our officers and directors against claims associated with carrying out the duties of their offices. Our
bylaws also allow us to reimburse them for the costs of certain legal defenses. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under
the Securities Act may be permitted to our officers, directors or control persons, the SEC has advised that such indemnification is against
public policy and is therefore unenforceable. 

35 

Risks
Associated with Our Securities 

Our
executive officers and directors may sell shares of their stock, and these sales could adversely affect our stock price. 

Sales
of our common stock by our executive officers and directors, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. Our executive officers and directors may sell stock in the future, either as part, or outside, of trading
plans under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. 

The
market price of our securities may be volatile and may fluctuate in a way that is disproportionate to our operating performance. 

Our
securities may experience substantial volatility as a result of a number of factors, including, among others: 

sales
 or potential sales of substantial amounts of our Common Stock; 

potential
 stock splits; 

announcements
 about us or about our competitors or new product introductions; 

developments
 concerning our product manufacturers; 

the
 loss or unanticipated underperformance of our global distribution channel; 

litigation
 and other developments relating to our patents or other proprietary rights or those of our competitors; 

conditions
 in the UAV, domestic hemp cultivation and drone-enabled package delivery industries; 

governmental
 regulation and legislation; 

variations
 in our anticipated or actual operating results; 

changes
 in securities analysts estimates of our performance, or our failure to meet analysts expectations; 

foreign
 currency values and fluctuations; and 

overall
 political and economic conditions, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine. 

Our
Common Stock closed as high as 0.58 and as low as 0.10 per share between January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023 on NYSE American. On
February 9, 2024, the Company performed an approved 20 for 1 reverse stock split, which would reflect a high stock price of 11.60 and
a low price of 2.04 through fiscal 2023. On March 28, 2024, the closing price of our common stock as per post-split, as reported on
NYSE American was 0.79. Many of these factors are beyond our control. The stock markets have historically experienced substantial price
and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies.
These broad market and industry factors could reduce the market price of our securities, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gain. 

We
intend to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. In addition, the terms of existing and
future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, from the sale of our Common
Stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

36 

Provisions
in our articles of incorporation, our by-laws and Nevada law might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company or
changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our Common Stock. 

Provisions
of our Articles of Incorporation, our By-Laws and Nevada law may have the effect of deterring unsolicited takeovers or delaying or preventing
a change in control of our Company or changes in our management, including transactions in which our stockholders might otherwise receive
a premium for their shares over then current market prices. In addition, these provisions may limit the ability of stockholders to approve
transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. These provisions include: 

the
 inability of stockholders to call special meetings; and 

the
 ability of our board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval,
 which could include the right to approve an acquisition or other change in our control or could be used to institute a rights plan,
 also known as a poison pill, that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, likely preventing acquisitions
 that have not been approved by our board of directors. 

The
existence of the forgoing provisions and anti-takeover measures could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future
for shares of our Common Stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could
receive a premium for your Common Stock in an acquisition. 

We
incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public reporting company, and our management is required to devote substantial
time to regulatory compliance initiatives. 

As
a public reporting company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses not otherwise incurred by a private company. In
addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, have imposed various requirements on public companies,
including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management
and other personnel continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations
have increased our legal and financial compliance costs and have made some activities more time consuming and costly. For example, we
expect that these rules and regulations will continue to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer
liability insurance. 

We
currently have outstanding, and we may in the future issue, instruments which are convertible into shares of Common Stock, which will
result in additional dilution to our shareholders. 

We
currently have outstanding instruments which are convertible into shares of Common Stock, and we may need to issue similar instruments
in the future. In the event that these convertible instruments are converted into shares of outstanding Common Stock, or that we make
additional issuances of other convertible or exchangeable securities, you could experience additional dilution. Furthermore, we cannot
assure you that we will be able to issue shares or other securities in any offering at a price per share that is equal to or greater
than the price per share paid by investors or the current market price. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our securities. 

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA has adopted rules that a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds
for believing that an investment recommended to a customer is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced
securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s
financial status, tax status, investment objectives, and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that
there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for certain customers. FINRA requirements will
likely make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our Common Stock, which may have the effect of
reducing the level of trading activity in the shares, resulting in fewer broker-dealers being willing to make a market in our shares,
potentially reducing a stockholder s ability to resell our securities. 

37 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations
regarding our shares or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, the price of our securities and trading volume could
decline. 

The
trading market for our securities will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us
or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of these analyst s cease coverage of our company
or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our share price
or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock, or if our results of operations
do not meet their expectations, the price of our securities could decline. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
1C. CYBER SECURITY 

Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy 

We
have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability
of our critical systems and information. 

We
design and assess our program based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework Special Publication
 800-53, 800-61, rev 2 NIST CSF). This does not imply that we meet any particular
technical standards, specifications, or requirements. We use the NIST CSF as a guide to help us identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity
risks relevant to our business. 

Our
cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our overall enterprise risk management program and shares common
methodologies, reporting channels, and governance processes that apply across the enterprise risk management program to other legal,
compliance, strategic, operational, and financial risk areas. 

Our
cybersecurity risk management program includes the following: 

risk
 assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, products, services, and
 our broader enterprise IT environment; 

a
 security team principally responsible for managing (1) our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, (2) our security controls, and
 (3) our response to cybersecurity incidents; 

the
 use of external service providers, where appropriate, to assess, test, or otherwise assist with aspects of our security controls; 

cybersecurity
 awareness training of our employees, incident response personnel, and senior management; and 

a
 cybersecurity incident response plan that includes procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents. 

There can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies,
controls or procedures, will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our systems and information. 

We have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents,
that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of
operations, or financial condition. For more information, please refer to Item
1A: Risk Factors for further insights into cyber attack-related risks. 

38 

Cybersecurity
Governance 

Our Board
considers cybersecurity risks as part of its risk oversight function of cybersecurity and
other information technology risks. 

The
Audit Committee oversees management s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program and receives updates on
the cybersecurity risk management program from management at least annually. In addition, management updates the
Audit Committee regarding any material or significant cybersecurity incidents, as well as incidents with lesser impact
potential as necessary. 

The
Audit Committee reports to the full Board annually regarding cybersecurity. The full Board also receives annual briefings from
external experts on cybersecurity as part of the Board s continuing education on topics that impact public
companies. 

Ongoing
Risks 

We
have not experienced any material cybersecurity incidents. We have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as
a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected us, including our operations, business strategy, results
of operations, or financial condition. For more information on our cybersecurity related risks, see Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Risk
Management and Strategy 

The
Company recognizes the critical importance of cybersecurity in safeguarding sensitive information, maintaining operational resilience,
and protecting stakeholders interests. This cybersecurity policy is designed to establish a comprehensive framework for identifying,
assessing, mitigating, and responding to cybersecurity risks across the organization. 

The
Company is in the process of establishing a cybersecurity policy which implement protocols to evaluate, recognize, and address significant
risks, including those posed by cybersecurity threats. This strategy encompasses the utilization of standard traffic monitoring tools,
educating personnel to identify and report abnormal activities, and partnering with reputable service providers capable of upholding security
standards equivalent to or exceeding our own. 

These
measures are to be seamlessly integrated into our broader operational risk management framework aimed at minimizing exposure to unnecessary
risks across our operations. For cybersecurity, we collaborate with expert consultants and third-party service providers to implement
industry-standard strategies aimed at identifying and mitigating potential threats or vulnerabilities within our systems. Additionally,
the policy strategy will have a comprehensive cyber crisis response plan to manage high severity security incidents, ensuring efficient
coordination across the organization. 

Cybersecurity
threats haven t significantly impacted our operations, and we don t anticipate such risks materially affecting our business,
strategy, financial condition, or results of operations. However, given the escalating sophistication of cyber threats, our preventive
measures may not always suffice. Despite well-designed controls, we acknowledge the inability to foresee all security breaches, including
those stemming from third-party misuse of AI technologies, and the potential challenges in implementing timely preventive measures. Please
refer to Item 1A: Risk Factors for further insights into cyber attack-related risks. 

The Chief Financial Officer will oversees our information
security programs, including cybersecurity initiatives, and is integrated into our Cybersecurity Incident response process. The Audit
committee oversees cybersecurity risk management activities, supported by Company management, the Board of Directors, and external consultants.
We assess and prioritize risks based on potential impact, implement technical controls, and monitor third-party vendors security
practices. 

39 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

As
of December 31, 2023, the Company is a party to the following non-cancellable operating leases for manufacturing facilities and office
space: 

Location 
 Purpose 
 Initial
 Term (months) 
 Lease
 Expiration Date 
 
 8201
 E. 34 th Cir N Suite
 1307 Wichita,
 Kansas 
 Manufacturing Facility 
 Corporate Headquarters 
 36 
 October 31, 2026 
 
 Route de Gen ve 38 1033 Cheseaux-sur-Lausanne,
 Switzerland 
 Distribution Assembly Facility 
 Offices 
 60 
 April 30, 2028 
 
 1300 N. Northlake Way Seattle, Washington (Subleased) 
 Offices 
 60 
 January 2026 

As
of December 31, 2023, the Company held properties in Wichita, KS, Lausanne, Switzerland; and Seattle, WA and represent non-cancellable
lease obligations assumed by the Company as a result of its 2021 business acquisitions of senseFly S.A., senseFly Inc., Measure Global
Inc., and MicaSense, Inc., respectively. Starting late 2022, the Company has been engaged in consolidating its business and manufacturing
operations from multiple offices to two centralized locations in Wichita, Kansas and Lausanne, Switzerland. We expect to complete our
consolidation efforts before the end of 2024. We vacated our offices in Seattle, Washington and subleased the offices to a third party
in May 2023. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business.
Although we currently maintain liability insurance coverage intended to cover professional liability and certain other claims, we cannot
assure that our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover liabilities arising out of claims asserted against us in the future where
the outcomes of such claims are unfavorable to us. Liabilities in excess of our insurance coverage, including coverage for professional
liability and certain other claims, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
As of March 31, 2024, there are no pending, nor to our knowledge threatened, legal proceedings against us. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

40 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
Common Stock is currently quoted on the NYSE American under the symbol UAVS. 

The
following table sets forth, for the period indicated, the quarterly high and low closing sales prices per share of our Common Stock for
each quarter during our last three fiscal years, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange. The table represents the price closures
for fiscal year 2023, prior to the approved reverse stock split as of February 9, 2024, as well as the adjusted 20 for 1 reverse stock
split on an historical basis for comparison. 

2024 
 High
 Post Split 
 Low
 Post Split 
 
 First Quarter (through March 28, 2024) (post split as of February 9,
 2024) 
 11.60 
 0.68 

2023 
 High
 Pre Split 
 High
 Post Split 
 Low
 Pre Split 
 Low
 Post Split 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.58 
 11.60 
 0.35 
 7.00 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.50 
 10.00 
 0.22 
 4.40 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.26 
 5.20 
 0.16 
 3.20 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.18 
 3.60 
 0.10 
 2.00 

2022 
 High
 Pre Split 
 High
 Post Split 
 Low
 Pre Split 
 Low
 Post Split 
 
 First Quarter 
 1.76 
 35.20 
 0.91 
 18.20 
 
 Second Quarter 
 1.19 
 23.80 
 0.58 
 11.60 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.79 
 15.80 
 0.46 
 9.20 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.58 
 11.60 
 0.31 
 6.20 

As
of March 31, 2024, we had approximately 285 individual shareholders of record of our Common Stock. We believe that the number of beneficial
owners of our Common Stock is greater than the number of record holders, because a number of shares of our Common Stock is held through
brokerage firms in street name. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends to our stockholders in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all our available funds
and future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. Any future determination related to our dividend
policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations,
financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors our Board of Directors may
deem relevant. 

41 

Equity
Compensation Plan 

The
following table sets forth information as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 about our equity compensation plan and arrangements. 

Plan Category 
 Number
 of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, and restricted stock units 
 Weighted-average
 exercise price of outstanding options and restricted stock units 
 Number
 of shares remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved
 by stockholders 
 5,558,732 
 0.90 
 5,959,773 
 
 Equity compensation
 plans not approved by stockholders 

5,558,732 
 0.90 
 5,959,773 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
December 6, 2022, the Company issued and sold to an institutional investor a Common Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase up to 5,000,000
shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.44 per share, subject to adjustments pursuant to the Common Stock
Purchase Warrant. 

On
March 9, 2023, the Company received an Investor Notice to purchase 3,000 Additional Series F Preferred, with each Additional Series F
Preferred convertible into 2,381 shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of 0.42 per share and associated common
stock warrant to purchase up to 7,142,715 Additional Warrants for an aggregate purchase price of 3,000,000 pursuant to a Series F Agreement
dated June 26, 2022. The Additional Warrant is exercisable upon issuance and has a three-year term. On March 10, 2023, the Company issued
and sold the Additional Series F Preferred and the Additional Warrant. 

On
June 5, 2023, the Company issued and sold to three institutional investors 16,720,000 shares of
the Company s common stock at 0.25 per share and associated common stock warrant to purchase up to 25,080,000 shares at an
exercise price of 0.38 per share, subject to adjustments pursuant to the Common Stock Purchase Warrants. 

On
November 15, 2023, the Company issued and sold to investors the November Additional Warrants to purchase 14,835,605 shares of our Common
Stock at initial exercise price of 0.1247 per share, subject to adjustments pursuant to the November Additional Warrants, for
an aggregate purchase price of 1,850,000 . The Company also sold 1,500,000 shares of Common
Stock at 0.10 per share, raising an additional 150,000 in gross proceeds. 

On
November 15, 2023, the Company issued to Dawson warrants to purchase 1,483,560 shares of our Common Stock at the exercise price of 0.1247
per warrant, and 1,281,796 of the 1,483,560 warrants were subsequently assigned by Dawson to certain Selling Shareholders. 

Issuer
Purchases of Securities 

There
were no repurchases of the Company s securities during the year ended December 31, 2023 by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser, as defined in 240.10b-18(a)(3) of
the Exchange Act. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by Issuer and Its Affiliates 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion highlights the principal factors that have affected our financial condition and results of operations as well as
our liquidity and capital resources for the periods described. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial
Statements and the related notes included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please see
the explanatory note concerning Forward-Looking Statements in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Item 1A. Risk
Factors for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these forward-looking statements. 

42 

Overview 

AgEagle 
 Aerial Systems Inc. AgEagle or the Company ), through its wholly owned subsidiaries, is actively engaged
in designing and delivering best-in-class drones, sensors and software that solve important problems for our customers. Founded in 2010,
AgEagle was originally formed to pioneer proprietary, professional-grade, fixed-winged drones and aerial imagery-based data collection
and analytics solutions for the agriculture industry. Today, the Company is earning distinction as a globally respected market leader
offering customer-centric, advanced, autonomous unmanned aerial systems UAS which drive revenue at the intersection of
flight hardware, sensors and software for industries that include agriculture, military/defense, public safety, surveying/mapping and
utilities/engineering, among others. AgEagle has also achieved numerous regulatory firsts, earning governmental approvals for its commercial
and tactical drones to fly Beyond Visual Line of Sight BVLOS and/or Operations Over People OOP in the
United States, Canada, Brazil and the European Union and being awarded Blue UAS certification from the Defense Innovation Unit of the
U.S. Department of Defense. 

AgEagle s
shift and expansion from solely manufacturing fixed-wing farm drones in 2018, to offering what the Company believes is one of the industry s
best fixed-wing, full-stack drone solutions, culminated in 2021 when the Company acquired three market-leading companies engaged in producing
UAS airframes, sensors and software for commercial and government use. In addition to a robust portfolio of proprietary, connected hardware
and software products; an established global network of over 200 UAS resellers; and enterprise customers worldwide; these acquisitions
also brought AgEagle a highly valuable workforce comprised largely of experienced engineers and technologists with deep expertise in
the fields of robotics, automation, manufacturing and data science. In 2022, the Company succeeded in integrating all three acquired
companies with AgEagle to form one global company focused on taking autonomous flight performance to a higher level. 

Our
core technological capabilities include robotics and robotics systems autonomy; advanced thermal and multispectral sensor design and
development; embedded software and firmware; secure wireless digital communications and networks; lightweight airframes; small UAS sUAS design, integration and operations; power electronics and propulsion systems; controls and systems integration; fixed wing flight; flight
management software; data capture and analytics; human-machine interface development and integrated mission solutions. 

AgEagle
is led by a proven management team with years of drone industry experience and is currently headquartered in Wichita, Kansas, where we
house our sensor manufacturing operations, and we operate our business and drone manufacturing operations in Raleigh, North Carolina.
In addition, the Company operates business and manufacturing operations in Lausanne, Switzerland in support of our international business
activities. 

We
intend to grow our business and preserve our leadership position by developing new drones, sensors and software and capturing a significant
share of the global drone market. In addition, we expect to accelerate our growth and expansion through strategic acquisitions of companies
offering distinct technological and competitive advantages and have defensible IP protection in place, if applicable. 

Key
Growth Strategies 

We
intend to materially grow our business by leveraging our proprietary, best-in-class, full-stack drone solutions, industry influence and
deep pool of talent with specialized expertise in robotics, automation, custom manufacturing and data science to achieve greater penetration
of the global UAS industry with near-term emphasis on capturing larger market share of the agriculture, energy/utilities, infrastructure
and government/military verticals. We expect to accomplish this goal by first bringing three core values to life in our day-to-day operations
and aligning them with our efforts to earn the trust and continued business of our customers and industry partners: 

Curiosity
 this pushes us to find value where others aren t looking. It inspires us to see around corners for our customers,
 understanding the problems they currently face or will be facing in the future, and delivering them solutions best suited for their
 unique needs. 

43 

Passion
 this fuels our obsession with excellence, our desire to try the difficult things and tackle big problems, and our commitment
 to meet our customers needs and then surpass them. 

Integrity
 this is not optional or situational at AgEagle it is the foundation for everything we do, even when no one is
 watching. 

Key
 components of our growth strategy include the following: 

Establish
 three centers of excellence with respective expertise in UAS software, sensors and airframes. These centers of excellence cross
 pollinate ideas, industry insights and skillsets to yield intelligent autonomous solutions that fully leverage AgEagle s experienced
 team s specialized knowledge and know-how in robotics, automation, custom manufacturing and data science. 

Deliver
 new and innovative solutions. AgEagle s research and development efforts are critical building blocks of the Company, and
 we intend to continue investing in our own innovations, pioneering new and enhanced products and solutions that enable us to satisfy
 our customers both in response to and in anticipation of their needs. AgEagle believes that by investing in research and
 development, the Company can be a leader in delivering innovative autonomous robotics systems and solutions that address market needs
 beyond our current target markets, enabling us to create new opportunities for growth. 

Foster
 our entrepreneurial culture and continue to attract, develop and retain highly skilled personnel. AgEagle s company culture
 encourages innovation and entrepreneurialism, which helps attract and retain highly skilled professionals. We believe this culture
 is key to nurture the design and development of the innovative, highly technical system solutions that give us our competitive advantage. 

Effectively
 manage our growth portfolio for long-term value creation. Our production and development programs present numerous investment
 opportunities that we believe will deliver long-term growth by providing our customers with valuable new capabilities. We evaluate
 each opportunity independently, as well as within the context of other investment opportunities, to determine its relative cost,
 timing, and potential for generation of returns, and thereby its priority. This process helps us make informed decisions regarding
 potential growth capital requirements and supports our allocation of resources based on relative risks and returns to maximize long-term
 value creation, which is the key objective of our growth strategy. We also review our portfolio on a regular basis to determine if
 and when to narrow our focus on the highest potential growth opportunities. 

Growth
 through acquisition. Through successful execution of our growth-through-acquisition strategies, we intend to acquire technologically
 advanced UAS companies and intellectual property that complement and strengthen our value proposition to the market. We believe that
 by investing in complementary acquisitions, we can accelerate our revenue growth and deliver a broader array of innovative autonomous
 flight systems and solutions that address specialized market needs within our current target markets and in emerging markets that
 can benefit from innovations in artificial intelligence-enabled robotics and data capture and analytics. 

44 

Competitive
Strengths 

AgEagle
 believes the following attributes and capabilities provide us with long-term competitive advantages: 

Proprietary
 technologies, in-house capabilities and industry experience We believe our decade of experience in commercial UAS design
 and engineering; in-house manufacturing, assembly and testing capabilities; and advanced technology development skillset serve to
 differentiate AgEagle in the marketplace. In fact, approximately 70 of our Company s global workforce is comprised of engineers
 and data scientists with deep experience and expertise in robotics, automation, custom manufacturing, and data analytics. In addition,
 AgEagle is committed to meeting and exceeding quality and safety standards for manufacturing, assembly, design and engineering and
 testing of drones, drone subcomponents and related drone equipment in our U.S. and Swiss-based manufacturing operations. As a result,
 we have earned ISO:9001 international certification for our Quality Management System. 

In
 December 2022, we unveiled our new eBee VISION , a small, fixed-wing UAS designed
 to provide real-time, enhanced situational awareness for critical intelligence, surveillance
 and reconnaissance missions; to produce and deliver eBee VISION fixed-wing
 drones and customized command and control software that proves compatible and is in full
 compliance with the DoD Robotic and Autonomous System-Air Interoperability Profile RAS-A
 IOP ). In addition, three branches of European military forces have taken delivery
 of eBee VISION drones in 2023. In support of its sales and pre-order efforts, AgEagle s
 team has been engaged in numerous live demonstrations and intensive training sessions with
 officials from government and military agencies across the world seeking to leverage the
 power of eBee VISION in their respective drone operations. In July 2023 alone, we
 completed a comprehensive training session with our first European military customers, who
 were confirmed as eBee VISION operators and qualified trainers of new users. These
 new customers confirmed with AgEagle s technical teams that all operational capabilities
 of the eBee VISION continue to meet and exceed performance benchmarks in scouting,
 surveillance, usability, fast deployment and flight time, among other use case criteria specified
 by the international military community. We have also been working in close collaboration
 with our network of valued added reselling partners in France, United Kingdom, Poland, Italy
 and Spain, among other countries, to conduct live demonstrations and technical exchanges
 with prospective new customers, with emphasis on showcasing use of eBee VISION UAS
 for public safety and first responder missions, border patrol and a wide range of commercial
 applications. On September 6, 2023, the Company announced that commercial production of the
 eBee VISION had commenced and orders for the systems are now being accepted. 
 
 In
 May 2023, we released the new RedEdge-P dual high resolution and RGB composite drone sensor, representing yet another
 AgEagle technological advancement in aerial imaging cameras, seamlessly integrating the power and performance of the RedEdge-P
 and the new RedEdge-P blue cameras in a single solution. The RedEdge-P dual doubles analytical capabilities with
 the benefit of a single camera workflow. Its coastal blue band the first of its kind in the market was specifically
 designed for vegetation analysis of water bodies; environmental monitoring; water management; habitat monitoring, protection and
 restoration; and vegetation species and weeds identification, including differentiating and counting plants, trees, invasive species
 and weeds. 
 
 In
 April of this year, AgEagle released Field Check for the Measure Ground Control mobile app. Measure Ground Control
 is a complete Software-as-a-Service solution for drone program management that is available as a web app and mobile app for both
 iOS and Android devices. The software s capabilities include mission and equipment management, flight control, data processing
 and analysis, secure data storage and sharing, online collaboration and reporting. Field Check s unique feature set
 enables users to review and validate the quality of their drone-captured imagery on-site. Capturing target imagery right the first
 time in one trip to a project site allows users to eliminate time loss and costs associated with project reworks by ensuring data
 capture is complete and ready for processing into high-resolution outputs before leaving a site. Reflecting our software development
 team s superb problem-solving capabilities, Field Check provides our clients with a competitive edge in their drone
 operations and across the industries they serve by avoiding project repeats and downtime due to data processing errors or poor image
 quality. 

45 

We
 offer market-tested drones, sensors and software solutions that have earned the longstanding trust and fidelity of customers worldwide
 Through successful execution of our acquisition integration strategy in 2022, AgEagle is now delivering a unified line
 of industry trusted drones, sensors and software that have been vigorously tested and consistently proven across multiple industry
 verticals and use cases. For instance, our line of eBee fixed wing drones have flown more than one million flights over the
 past decade serving customers spanning surveying and mapping; engineering and construction; military/defense; mining, quarries and
 aggregates; agriculture humanitarian aid and environmental monitoring, to name just a few. Featured in over 100 research publications
 globally, advanced sensor innovations developed and commercialized by AgEagle have served to forge new industry standards for high
 performance, high resolution, thermal and multispectral imaging for commercial drone applications in agriculture, plant research,
 land management and forestry. In addition, we have championed the development of end-to-end software solutions which power autonomous
 flight and deliver actionable, contextual data and analytics for numerous Fortune 500 companies, government agencies and a wide range
 of businesses in agriculture, energy and utilities, construction and other industry sectors. 

AgEagle
 was awarded a Multiple Award Schedule MAS Contract by the U.S. federal government s General Services Administration
 GSA In April 2023, the centralized procurement arm of the federal government, the GSA, awarded us with a
 five-year MAS contract. The GSA Schedule Contract is a highly coveted award in the government contracting space and is the result
 of a rigorous proposal process involving the demonstration of products and services in-demand by government agencies, and the negotiation
 of their prices, qualifications, terms and conditions. Contractors selling through the GSA Contract are carefully vetted and must
 have a proven track record in the industry. We believe that this will serve to advance our efforts to achieve deeper penetration
 of the government sector over the next five years. 

Our
 eBee TAC UAS has been approved by the Defense Innovation Unit (DIU) for procurement by the Department
 of Defense We believe that the eBee TAC is ideally positioned to become an in-demand, mission critical tool for
 the U.S. military, government and civil agencies and our allies worldwide; and expect that this will prove to be a major growth catalyst
 for our Company in 2022, positively impacting our financial performance in the years ahead. eBee TAC is available for purchase
 by U.S. government agencies and all branches of the military on GSA Schedule Contract #47QTCA18D003G, supplied by Hexagon US Federal
 and partner Tough Stump Technologies as a standalone solution or as part of the Aerial Reconnaissance Tactical Edge Mapping Imagery
 System ARTEMIS ). Tough Stump is actively engaged in training military ground forces based in the U.S. and in Central
 Europe on the use of eBee TAC for mid-range tactical mapping and reconnaissance missions. 

Our
 eBee X series of fixed wing UAS, including the eBee X, eBee Geo and eBee TAC ,
 are the first and only drones on the market to comply with Category 3 of the sUAS Over People rules published by the FAA . It
 is another important testament of our commitment to providing best-in-class solutions to our commercial customers, and we believe
 it will serve as a key driver in the growth of eBee utilization in the United States. We further believe it will improve the
 business applications made possible by our drone platform for a wide range of commercial enterprises which stand to benefit from
 adoption of drones in their businesses particularly those in industries such as insurance for assessment of storm damage,
 telecommunications for network coverage mapping and energy for powerline and pipeline inspections, just to name a few. 

Our
 eBee X series of drones are the world s first UAS in its class to receive design
 verification for BVLOS and OOP from European Union Aviation Safety Agency EASA ).
 The EASA design verification report demonstrates that the eBee X meets the highest
 possible quality and ground risk safety standards and, thanks to its lightweight design,
 effects of ground impact are reduced. As such, drone operators conducting advanced drone
 operations in 27 European Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, and Switzerland
 can obtain the HIGH or MEDIUM robustness levels of the M2 mitigation without additional verification
 from EASA.Regulatory constraints relating to limitations of BVLOS and OOP have continued
 to be a gating factor to widespread adoption of commercial drone technologies across a wide
 range of industry sectors worldwide. Being the first company to receive this DVR from EASA
 for M2 mitigation is a milestone for AgEagle and our industry in the European Union and will
 be key to fueling growth of our international customer base. 

46 

|In
 August 2022, we announced that the eBee X, eBee GEO and eBee AG were the first
 commercial drones to be designated with the C2 class identification label in accordance with
 EASA regulations. As of August 22, 2022, drone operators flying C2 labeled eBee s are
 able to conduct missions in the Open Category with all the advantages that
 this entails. The C2 certification allows the eBee X series, with correct labelling,
 to fly at a horizontal distance of 30 meters from uninvolved people. By contrast, heavy drones
 like VTOLs or quadcopters must maintain a distance of 150 meters from people and any residential,
 commercial, industrial and recreational areas, limiting their operational capabilities to
 remote zones. 

In
 early October 2023, the eBee X series of drones were designated with the C6 class identification label in accordance with
 European Union regulations. As of January 1, 2024, drone operators of C6-labeled eBee s will be able to conduct Beyond Visual
 Line of Sight BVLOS operations with airspace observers over a controlled ground area in a sparsely populated environment
 throughout Europe. Operators simply need to submit a required declaration with their applicable National Aviation Authority indicating
 whether they intend to fly missions in accordance with the European Standard Scenario- STS- 01 or STS-02. The inclusion
 of the C6 marking alongside our C2-labeled eBee drones will significantly enhance the market advantages for our European customers.
 It grants access to areas and operational modes restricted to drones weighing over 4 kg, all without the requirement for formal permissions
 or regulatory waivers. Currently, only eBee drones possess both the C2 and C6 marking, affirming their status as the safest
 choice for flying over people and conducting BVLOS operations. 

Our
 global reseller network currently has more than 200 drone solutions providers in 75+ countries By leveraging our relationships
 with the specialty retailers that comprise our global reseller network, AgEagle benefits from enhanced brand-building, lower customer
 acquisition costs and increased reach, revenues and geographic and vertical market penetration. With the integration of our 2021
 Acquisitions, we can now leverage our collective reseller network to accelerate our revenue growth by educating and encouraging our
 partners to market AgEagle s full suite of airframes, sensors and software as bundled solutions in lieu of marketing only previously
 siloed products or product lines to end users. 

In
 late 2022, we partnered with government contractor Darley to expand the market reach of AgEagle s high performance fixed wing
 drones and sensors to the U.S. first responder and tactical defense markets. Distinguished as one of the nation s longest standing
 government contracting organizations, Darley is expected to become a key contributor to AgEagle s success in delivering best-in-class
 UAS solutions to a wide range of state and federal agencies. Providing our best-in-class autonomous flight solutions for public safety
 applications through trusted resellers like Darley represents an entirely new market opportunity for AgEagle and one we intend to
 vigorously pursue in the coming year. 

Impact
of the Risks and Uncertainties on Our Business Operations 

Global
economic challenges, including the impact of the war, pandemics, rising inflation and supply-chain disruptions, regulatory investigations
adverse labor and capital market conditions could cause economic uncertainty and volatility. The aforementioned risks and their respective
impacts on the UAV industry and our operational and financial performance remain uncertain and outside of our control. Specifically,
because of the aforementioned continuing risks, our ability to access components and parts needed in order to manufacture its proprietary
drones and sensors, and to perform quality testing have been, and continue to be, impacted. If either we or any of our third parties
in the supply chain for materials used in our manufacturing and assembly processes continue to be adversely impacted, our supply chain
may be further disrupted, limiting its ability to manufacture and assemble products. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US
GAAP ). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial
statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include the reserve for
obsolete inventory, valuation of stock issued for services and stock options, valuation of intangible assets, and the valuation of deferred
tax assets. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

47 

We
believe the following critical accounting estimates affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in preparing our consolidated
financial statements. Please see Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in Item 8 Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report, for our Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. There have been no material
changes made to the critical accounting estimates during the periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Most
of the Company s revenues are derived primarily through the sales of drones, sensors and related accessories, and software subscriptions.
All contracts and agreements are a fixed price and are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers . 

The
Company generally recognizes revenue on sales to customers, dealers and distributors upon satisfaction of performance obligations which
generally occurs once control transfers to customers, which is when product is shipped or delivered depending on specific shipping terms
and, where applicable, customer acceptance has been obtained. The Company records revenue in the statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, net of any sales, use, value added, or certain excise taxes imposed by governmental authorities on specific sales transactions
and net of any discounts, allowances and returns. 

Under
fixed-price contracts, the Company agrees to perform the specified work for a pre-determined price. To the extent the Company s
actual costs vary from the estimates upon which the price was negotiated, it will generate more or less profit or could incur a loss.
The Company accounts for a contract after it has been approved by all parties to the arrangement, the rights of the parties are identified,
payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. 

Additionally,
customer payments received in advance of the Company completing performance obligations are recorded as contract liabilities. Customer
deposits represent customer prepayments and are recognized as revenue when the term of the sale or performance obligation is completed. 

The
Company s software subscriptions to its platforms, HempOverview and Ground Control , are offered on a subscription
basis. These subscription fees are recognized ratably over each monthly membership period as the services are provided. 

Inventories
and Provision for Obsolescence 

Our
policy for valuation of inventory, including the determination of obsolete inventory, requires us to perform a detailed assessment of
inventory at each balance sheet date, which includes a review of, among other factors, an estimate of future demand for products within
specific time horizons, valuation of existing inventory, as well as product lifecycle and product development plans. Inventory reserves
are also provided to cover risks arising from slow-moving items. We write down our inventory for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable
inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated net realizable value based on assumptions about future
demand and market conditions. We may be required to record additional inventory write-downs if actual market conditions are less favorable
than those projected by our management. 

48 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

The
assets and liabilities of acquired businesses are recorded under the acquisition method of accounting at their estimated fair values
at the date of acquisition. Goodwill represents costs in excess of fair values assigned to the underlying identifiable net assets of
acquired businesses. Intangible assets from acquired businesses are recognized at fair value on the acquisition date and consist of customer
programs, trademarks, customer relationships, technology and other intangible assets. Customer programs include values assigned to major
programs of acquired businesses and represent the aggregate value associated with the customer relationships, contracts, technology,
and trademarks underlying the associated program and are amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of expected cash flows used
to measure fair value, which ranges from four to five years. 

As
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, our goodwill balance was 7.4 million and 23.2 million, respectively, after goodwill impairment charges recognized during the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022 of 15,8 million and 41.7 million, respectively. We perform an annual impairment
test of our goodwill at least annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
the carrying value of goodwill may be impaired. Such events or changes in circumstances may include a significant deterioration in overall
economic conditions, changes in the business climate of our industry, a decline in our market capitalization, operating performance indicators,
competition, reorganizations of our business. Our goodwill has been allocated to and is tested for impairment at a level referred to
as the business segment. The level at which we test goodwill for impairment requires us to determine whether the operations below the
business segment constitute a self-sustaining business for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly
reviews the operating results which is referred to as a reporting unit. 

We
use a quantitative approach when testing goodwill. To perform the quantitative impairment test, we compare the fair value of a reporting
unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting
unit is not impaired. If the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, a goodwill impairment
loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. We generally estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a combination
of a discounted cash flow DCF analysis and market-based valuation methodologies such as comparable public company trading
values and values observed in recent business acquisitions. Determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgments, including
the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates, discount rates and relevant comparable public company earnings
multiples and relevant transaction multiples. The cash flows employed in the DCF analysis are based on our best estimate of future sales,
earnings, and cash flows after considering factors such as general market conditions, existing firm orders, expected future orders, changes
in working capital, long term business plans and recent operating performance. 

As
of December 31, 2023, we performed our annual goodwill impairment tests for our three reporting units. The results of our annual impairment
test indicated that the fair value of the sensors reporting unit and the fair value of the SaaS reporting units were less than their
carrying amount, indicating an impairment. As of December 31, 2023, the Company recorded an aggregate goodwill impairment charge of 15.8
million on the two impaired reporting units. This impairment charge is based on the excess carrying value of the reporting units over
their fair values. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we performed our annual goodwill impairment tests for our three reporting units. The results of our annual impairment
test indicated that the fair value of the sensors reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount, while the fair value of the SaaS and drones
reporting units were less than their carrying amount, indicating an impairment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an aggregate
goodwill impairment charge of 41.7 million on the two impaired reporting units. This impairment charge is based on the excess carrying
value of the reporting units over their fair values. 

Finite-lived intangibles are
amortized to expense over the applicable useful lives, ranging from five to ten years, based on the nature of the asset and the
underlying pattern of economic benefit as reflected by future net cash inflows. We perform an impairment test of finite-lived
intangibles whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate their carrying value may be impaired. If events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying value of a finite-lived intangible may be impaired, the sum of the undiscounted future cash
flows expected to result from the use of the asset group would be compared to the asset group s carrying value. If the asset
group s carrying amount exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows, we would determine the fair value of the asset
group and record an impairment loss in net earnings. Intangible assets balance as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 was 2.6 million and
 11.5 million, respectively. Additionally, as of December 31, 2023 the Company recorded an aggregate intangible assets impairment of
 5.9 million, no intangible impairment was recorded for the same period on 2022. 

Share-Based
Compensation Awards 

The
value we assign to the options that we issue is based on the fair market value as calculated by the Black-Scholes pricing model. To perform
a calculation of the value of our options, we determine an estimate of the volatility of our stock. We need to estimate volatility because
there has not been enough trading of our stock to determine an appropriate measure of volatility. We believe our estimate of volatility
is reasonable, and we review the assumptions used to determine this whenever we issue new equity instruments. If we have a material error
in our estimate of the volatility of our stock, our expenses could be understated or overstated. All share-based awards are expensed
on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the options. 

49 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2023 as Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Revenues 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, revenues were 13.7 million as compared to 19.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022,
a decrease of 5.4 million, or 28.3 . The decline in revenues is mainly due to the eBee drone products of 3.6 million, to
the RedEdge-P and Altum-PT panchromatic sensors of 1.6 million and 0.2 million of our SaaS subscription services related to
our HempOverview and Ground Control platforms. For the drones, the declines are attributed to customer postponing drone
purchases until the new eBee VISION is released and was released in December 2023; for the sensors, the declines are attributed to
the challenge to secure financing for the component parts to meet demand while at the same time utilizing the operating capital to
expedite the eBee VISION completion. As a result, the Company experienced postponement or lost sales from delayed fulfillment. 

The
deployment of capital from the sensor business and the reduction in workforce in the smaller revenue generating SaaS business
contributed directly to the overall business decline in 2023 as management routed resources to expedite the eBee VISION launch and
manage the sensor backlog. Our continued innovation has demonstrated growth in our sales leading to strong demand of our products,
specifically for our panchromatic sensor series, offsetting this growth are delays in our newly announced VISION drone product and
Field Check for Measure Ground Control mobile app which we have just begun to deliver to marketplace. Accordingly, our business
continues to be negatively impacted by supply chain constraints, hawkish central bank activities, adverse labor market conditions
and declining market valuation of our stock. 

Cost
of Sales 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, cost of sales was 8.3 million as compared to 10.9 million during 2022, a decrease of 2.6
million, or 23.9 . The primary factors contributing to the decrease in our cost of sales and the gross profit margin were due to the
decline in revenues from our sensor and our drone products along with significant price reduction in mid-Q2 to stimulate market
demand and bring us in line specifically with competitive products manufactured in China and clearing out inventory to make way for
the launch of the eBee VISION. In addition, our sensor sales continue to experience supply chain pressure, because of
increases in raw components, labor costs and lack of process automation. 

Gross
Profit 

For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, gross profit was 5.5 million as compared to 8.2 million for the twelve months ended December
31, 2022, a decrease of 2.7 million or 32.9 . For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, gross profit margin was 39.8 as compared
to 43.0 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in gross profit margin predominantly driven by significant price
reduction in mid-Q2 to stimulate market demand and bring us in line specifically with competitive products manufactured in China and
clearing out inventory to make way for the launch of the eBee VISION . In addition, our sensor sales continue to experience supply
chain pressure, because of increases in raw components, labor costs and lack of process automation. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, general and administrative expenses were 13.6 million as compared to 17.8 million for the prior
year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in a decrease of 4.2 million, or 23.6 . The decrease was primarily a result of the
continued integration of the business acquisitions in 2021, which provided integration costs primarily from lease expenses due
to combination of offices, reduction in employee payroll related costs due to integration of roles, ERP consulting integration
costs, reduction in R D consultants, less stock compensation costs offset by increased shareholder annual meeting
costs. 

50 

Research
and Development 

For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, research and development expenses were 5.5 million as compared to 8.1 million for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 2.6 million or 32.1 . The decrease was primarily due to the integration of research and
development teams that provide development of our new airframe, sensor and software technologies resulting in a reduction in our consultants
and internal headcounts. 

Sales
and Marketing 

For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, sales and marketing expenses were 3.7 million as compared to 4.9 million for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 1.2 million, or 24.5 . The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in headcount, travel,
tradeshows, general marketing activities, along with a decrease in consulting expenses offset by an increase with in-person demos, particularly
for the new ebee VISON . 

Impairment 

Goodwill Impairment 

For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, goodwill impairment was 15.8 million. The impairment was primarily attributable to the goodwill
related to our SaaS and the sensor reporting units, specifically due to lower sales compared to forecasted sales along with the declining
market conditions. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the company record a goodwill impairment of 41.7 million, which was
primarily attributable to the goodwill impairment related to our SaaS and drones reporting units recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022.
This was due to lower sales compared to forecasted sales and profitability, a decline in market conditions, a decline in stock price
and the delay in the eBee drone VISION launch. The Company recorded an impairment charge to these two reporting units of 29.0 million and 12.7 million,
respectively, during the fourth quarter and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Intangible
Impairment 

The
annual intangible impairment conducted during the fourth quarter of 2023 indicated that the fair value of the SaaS and the Company s
Drones reporting units were less than carrying value. Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment charge to SaaS and Drones units
of 2.4 million and 3.5 million, respectively, which is included in Impairment on the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Other
Income (Expenses), net 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, other income, net for the Company created a loss of 3.3 million as compared to a 6.0 million profit
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The fluctuation of 9.3 million was primarily due to the third quarter 2022 recognition of 6.5
million non-cash gain on debt extinguishment associated with reductions of holdback liabilities in connection with our acquisitions of
senseFly and MicaSense that was not recognized in 2023, plus the loss on the debt extinguishment and interest on the Promissory Note
amounting to 1.9 million and an increase in interest expense in current year 2023 of 0.9 million from the prior year. 

Net Loss 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company incurred a net loss of 42.4 million as compared to a net loss of 58.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease in loss of 15.9 million or 27.3 . Overall, the net loss decrease is primarily a result of a
 27.9 million decrease in operating expenses from 2022 to 2023. This was offset with an increase of 0.9 million in interest expense,
and due to the third quarter 2022 recognition of 6.5 million non-cash gain on debt extinguishment associated with reductions of holdback
liabilities in connection with our acquisitions of senseFly and MicaSense that was not recognized in 2023, plus the loss on the debt
extinguishment and interest on the Promissory Note amounting to 1.9 million. 

51 

Cash
Flows 

Twelve
Months Ended December 31, 2023 as Compared to the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2023, cash on hand was 0.8 million, a decrease of 3.5 million or 81.4 , as compared to 4.3 million as of December
31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2023, cash used in operations was 11.0 million, a decrease of 8.8 million, as compared to
 19.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in cash used in operating activities was principally driven by lower
sales and operating expenses which included significantly lower inventory purchases, prepaids, accounts payable, accrued expenses and
contract liabilities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, cash used in investing activities was 0.8 million, a decrease of 7.6 million as compared to 8.4
million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in cash used in our investing activities resulted mainly from the business
acquisition of MicaSense and senseFly that occurred in 2022 and a decrease in platform and internal use software costs along with purchases
of property and equipment. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, cash provided by financing activities was 8.6 million a decrease of 8.9 million, or 50.9 as compared
to cash provided of 17.5 million for twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in cash provided by our financing activities
was due to less sales of our Common stock through an at-the-market ATM offering and exercise of warrants in the prior
year offset by the sale of Series F Preferred stock issuance of Common Stock and Warrant. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2023, we had a working capital deficit of 0.5 million. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we incurred a loss from
operations of 42.4 million, a decrease of 15.9 million, as compared to 58.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Further,
we utilized our cash in our operating activities of 11.0 million, a decrease of 8.8 million as compared to 19.8 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, we raised 8.8 million in equity from the additional sale of Series F Preferred Stock and
Offering of our Common Stock and for the conversion of warrants. 

For
the twelve months ended December 30, 2022, we raised approximately 4.6 million of net proceeds from our ATM offering with co-agents
Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated and Raymond James Associates. 

Our
primary need for liquidity is to fund working capital requirements of our business, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service,
and for general corporate purposes. Our primary source of liquidity is funds generated by financing activities and from private placements.
Our ability to fund our operations, to make planned capital expenditures, to make planned acquisitions, to make scheduled debt payments,
and to repay or refinance indebtedness depends on our future operating performance and cash flows, which are subject to prevailing economic
conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. 

If
the Company is unable to generate significant sales growth in the near term and raise additional capital, there is a risk that the Company
could default on additional obligations; and could be required to discontinue or significantly reduce the scope of its operations if
no other means of financing operations are available. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to
the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities or any other adjustment
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company is evaluating strategies to obtain the
required additional funding for future operations and the restructuring of operations to grow revenues and reduce expenses. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

On
December 31, 2023, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future
effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures
or capital resources. Since our inception, except for standard operating leases, we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements,
including the use of structured finance, special purpose entities or variable interest entities. We have no off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Material
contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business primarily consist of principal and interest payments for loans made
under the COVID program in Switzerland, defined benefit plan obligations, principal and interest payments for operating leases and other
purchase obligations. See Notes 7, 10, 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements for amounts outstanding as of December 31,
2023, for these contractual obligations. 

52 

Inflation 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, inflation has had a negative impact on the unmanned aerial vehicle systems industry, our customers,
and our business globally. Specifically, our ability to access components and parts needed in order to manufacture our proprietary drones
and sensors, and to perform quality testing have been, and continue to be, impacted. If either the Company or any of the third-parties
in the supply chain for materials used in our manufacturing and assembly processes continue to be adversely impacted, our supply chain
may be further disrupted, limiting its ability to manufacture and assemble products. In addition, the eventual implications of higher
government deficits and debt, tighter monetary policies and potentially higher, long-term interest rates may drive a higher cost of raising
capital in the future. 

Climate
Change 

Our opinion is that neither climate change, nor governmental regulations related to climate change, have had, or
are expected to have, any material negative effect on our operations. Generally, drones increase efficiency, improve safety, save costs,
and expand applications in various industries, providing a net benefit to the climate. Our drones in general
have as much as 94 lower energy consumption per package compared with other vehicles, such as airplane, automobiles and water transpiration
making them a more environmentally friendly option since they are unmanned and require much less energy
to view over a large area. 

However, we do note that the batteries used in drones may be harmful to the environment. The disposal of these batteries
as waste involves lead and other toxic materials that are harmful to land, water, and vegetation. If our drones crash into a sensitive
habitat or natural resource, it could cause damage or even introduce pollutants into the ecosystem. We dispose of our potential pollutants
by the processes established by national and local authorities across the globe. 

The drone industry is subject to many forms of environmental regulation, including but not limited to regulation
of hazardous substances, and other risks associated with climate change. The cost of compliance with more stringent environmental regulations,
failure to comply with existing or future regulations or failure to otherwise manage the risks of climate change effectively could have
a material adverse effect on our business. Many aspects of our operations are subject to evolving and increasingly stringent federal,
state, local and international laws governing environmental protection. Compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations
could require capital investment and increase operational costs, and violations can lead to significant fines and penalties and reputational
harm. The ultimate impact and associated cost to our Company of these legislative and regulatory developments cannot be predicted at this
time. 

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

On
January 1, 2023, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326):
Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (ASC 326). This standard replaced the incurred loss methodology with an
expected loss methodology that is referred to as the current expected credit loss CECL methodology. CECL requires an
estimate of credit losses for the remaining estimated life of the financial asset using historical experience, current conditions,
and reasonable and supportable forecasts and generally applies to financial assets measured at amortized cost, including loan
receivables and held-to-maturity debt securities, and some off-balance sheet credit exposures such as unfunded commitments to extend
credit. Financial assets measured at amortized cost will be presented at the net amount expected to be collected by using an
allowance for credit losses. 

The
Company adopted ASC 326 and all related subsequent amendments thereto effective January 1, 2023 using the modified retrospective approach
for all financial assets measured at amortized cost and off-balance sheet credit exposures. 

There
were certain updates recently issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, most of which represented technical
corrections to the accounting literature or application to specific industries and are not expected to a have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide information required
by this Item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
financial statements are contained in pages F-1 through F-59, which appear at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure and Control Procedures 

The
Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of the
Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2023, and concluded that the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective. The term disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is accumulated, recorded, processed, summarized and communicated to the
Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure to be reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. 

53 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting,
as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles US GAAP ). 

Because
of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance of such reliability
and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projection of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods is subject to the
risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

Management
has conducted, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, an assessment of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. Management s assessment of internal
control over financial reporting used the criteria set forth in SEC Release 33-8810 based on the framework established by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting Guidance for Smaller Public Companies. Based on this evaluation, Management concluded that our system of
internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2023, based on these criteria. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. As a smaller reporting company, our management s report was not subject to attestation by our
registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only the management s
report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(t) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act,
during the year ended December 31, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

Material Weakness over Financial Reporting 

During the preparation of our
interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2024, management identified a material weakness
in our internal controls related to the computation of net loss attributable to common stockholders resulting in an understatement of
loss per share EPS as presented on our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. In addition to the
EPS computation error, accrued dividends and deemed dividends were included as a component of other comprehensive loss instead of being
included in net loss attributable to common stockholders. 

We have amended the filings impacted
by this identified error. The Company has also engaged an external consultant with technical accounting expertise to assist the Company
with the technical documentation and accounting for significant and unusual transactions. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Insider
Trading Plan 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule
10-b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation
S-K 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

54 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2023 (our Proxy Statement ). 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required by this item will be set forth in the section entitled Executive Compensation in our Proxy
Statement and is incorporated in this report by reference. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required by this item will be set forth in the section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this report by. 

Information regarding our equity compensation plans will be set forth in the section entitled Executive
Compensation in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this report by reference. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required by this item will be set forth in the section entitled Transactions with Related Persons in our Proxy Statement
and is incorporated in this report by reference. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by this item will be set forth in the section entitled Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this report by reference. 

55 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as currently in effect (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2008) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on May 29, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 3.2 on Annual Report Form 10-K filed on April 4, 2023) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.3 on Annual Report Form 10-K filed on April 4,
 2023) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference as
 Exhibit 4.1 on Current Report Form 8-K filed on March 11, 2015) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 27, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2017) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amendment
 to Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 on the Form 8-K filed on March
 29, 2018) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2011) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the 10 Series A Redeemable Perpetual Preferred
 Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2018) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the 10 Series A Redeemable
 Perpetual Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2018) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Energex Resources, Inc. to change the company s name (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.4 to the Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2018) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of EnerJex Resources, Inc. to effect a 1-for-25 reverse stock split (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2018) 
 
 3.12 
 
 Articles
 of Merger, dated March 26, 2018, by and between AgEagle Aerial Systems, Inc. and AgEagle Merger Sub, Inc.(incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 3.6 on Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2018) 
 
 3.13 
 
 Second
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, as currently in effect (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K filed on January 25,
 2023) 
 
 3.14 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series D 8 Preferred Stock filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 26, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 10-K filed on April 4, 2023) 

3.15 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation for the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 2, 2020 (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2020) 
 
 3.16 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation for the Series F 5 Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 29, 2022 (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022) 
 
 3.17 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2024) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description
 of Registrant s Securities 
 
 4.2 
 
 Pre-Funded
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2022) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2023) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2023) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2023) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Warrants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2023) 

56 

10.1+ 
 
 2017
 Equity Incentive Plan of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-226324)
 originally filed on July 24, 2018) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Lease
 Agreement, dated August 3, 2020, by and among AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc. and U.S. Business Centers, L.L.C. (Incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 7, 2020) 
 
 10.3 
 
 8 
 Original Issue Discount Promissory Note, dated December 6, 2022 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed
 on December 6, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Offer
 Letter of Employment between AgEagle Aerial System, Inc. and Barrett Mooney, dated February 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 on Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement, dated June 5, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed June 6, 2023). 

10.6 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 5, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed June 6, 2023). 

10.7 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on Form 8-K filed June 6, 2023). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Warrant
 Exchange Agreement dated September 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2023) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Note Amendment Agreement, dated August 14, 2023 by and between AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc. and Alpha Capital Anstalt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2023) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Second
 Note Amendment Agreement dated October 5, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2023) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Engagement
 Agreement with Dawson James Securities Inc., dated November 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed
 on November 16, 2023) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form
 of Assignment, Waiver and Amendment Agreement, dated November 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed
 on November 16, 2023) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form 8-K filed on November
 16, 2023) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Offer
 Letter, dated as of November 28, 2023, between AgEagle Aerial Systems, Inc. and Mark DiSiena (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 on Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2023) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of December 28, 2023 between AgEagle Aerial Systems, Inc. and Mark DiSiena (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2023). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Interim CEO Agreement, dated as of December 28, 2023 between AgEagle Aerial Systems, Inc. and Concepts to Capabilities Consulting, LLC (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2023). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Agreement for the Purchase and Sale of Future Receipts (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2024) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Series F Amendment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2024) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Securities Exchange Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2024) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2024) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Statement of Work Agreement by and between AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc. and Mark DiSiena, dated September 27, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 10-K filed on October 19, 2023). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Form of Warrant Exercise Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed on March 7, 2024) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Lock-Up Agreement, dated June 30, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Waiver Agreement among the Company, MicaSense, Inc. and Parrot Drones S.A.S., dated July 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Waiver Agreement between the Company and Parrot Drones S.A.S., dated July 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Waiver Agreement among the Company, AgEagle Aerial Inc. and Parrot, Inc., dated July 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated August 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 101. On Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2022) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 6, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 On Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2022) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics of the Registrant Applicable To Directors, Officers And Employees (Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement
 on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-226324) originally filed on July 24, 2018) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule
 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal executive officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule
 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal financial officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section
 1350 Certification of principal executive officer 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section
 1350 Certification of principal financial officer and principal accounting officer 
 
 97.1 
 
 Clawback
 Policy 

97.2 
 
 Insider Trading Policy 
 
 97.3 
 
 Whistleblower Policy 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

57 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

AGEAGLE
 AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. 

Dated:
 November 27, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 William Irby 

William
 Irby 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

58 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Contents 
 Page 
 No. 

Reports
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 (Restated) 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-7 

Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 AgEagle Aerial Systems, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial
Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of AgEagle Aerial Systems, Inc., and subsidiaries, (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity and comprehensive loss, and cash flows
for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related consolidated notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Restatement 

As discussed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company has restated its 2023 and 2022 financial statements to correct an error. 

Substantial Doubt Regarding Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, has experienced cash used from operations in excess of its current cash position,
and has an accumulated deficit, that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which they relate. 

Goodwill and other finite-lived intangibles 
impairment assessment 

As described in Note 2, Note 5, and Note 6 to the
consolidated financial statements, management evaluates goodwill and other finite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis, or more
frequently if impairment indicators exist, at each reporting unit level. The Company estimates the fair value of goodwill related to each
reporting unit by weighting the results from the income approach and the market approach. The income approach incorporates the use of
cash flow projections and a discount rate that are developed using market participant-based assumptions. The cash-flow projections are
based on ten-year financial forecasts developed by management that include revenue projections, future operational costs, and investments
in working capital to support anticipated revenue growth. The selected discount rate considers the risk and nature of the respective reporting
unit s cash flows and the rates of return market participants would require to invest their capital in its reporting units. The
market approach utilizes the guideline public company and guideline transaction methods. Additionally, the fair value of the finite-lived
intangible assets was valued using an undiscounted cash flow. 

The determination of fair value of these assets requires
significant judgement and estimation. Based on the methodology described above, the Company recorded an impairment adjustment to both
the recorded goodwill and the finite-lived intangible assets. 

Prior to the goodwill impairment adjustment, the fair
value of the Sensors and SaaS reporting units amounted to 23.2 million. The Company determined that both reporting units had a significant
impairment. Accordingly, the Company recorded a 15.8 million impairment charge. 

Prior to the finite-lived intangible assets impairment
adjustment, the fair value of the Drones, Sensors and SaaS reporting units amounted to 8.5 million. The Company determined that the Drones
and SaaS reporting units had a significant impairment. Accordingly, the Company recorded a 5.9 million impairment charge. 

The principal considerations for our determination
that performing procedures relating to the valuation of goodwill and other finite lived assets as a critical audit matter was the significant
judgement and estimation used by management to determine the fair value of these financial instruments, which in turn led to a high degree
of auditor judgement, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and in evaluating the audit evidence obtained, including the involvement
of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. 

Our audit procedures related to the impairment assessment
of the Company s reporting units included the following, among others: 

We evaluated management s process for determining the fair value of its reporting units. 

We evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation methods utilized. 

We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast future revenue and operational costs by comparing prior year forecasts to actual results in the current year. 

We tested that the forecasts were reasonable and consistent with the historical performance of the Company. 

We evaluated the appropriateness of the guideline companies utilized. 

In addition, for the fair value of goodwill, we evaluated
the reasonableness of the discount rate utilized in the discounted cash flow model with the assistance of our internal valuation specialists. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2020. 

April 1, 2024, except for Note 17, as to which the date is November 27,
2024 

 PCAOB ID NUMBER 100 

F- 3 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2023
 
 2022 

As
 of December 31, 

2023
 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid and other current
 assets 

Notes
 receivable 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Right-of-use asset 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other
 assets 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Promissory note 

Contract liabilities 

Current portion of lease
 liabilities 

Current
 portion of COVID loan 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term portion of lease
 liabilities 

Long-term portion of COVID
 loan 

Defined benefit plan obligation 

Long-term portion of promissory note 

Total
 liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
 (NOTE 13) 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Preferred Stock, par value, 
 shares authorized: 

Preferred Stock, Series
 F Convertible, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023, and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value, 25,000,000 shares authorized: Preferred Stock, Series
 F Convertible, 0.001 par value, 35,000 shares authorized, 6,075 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023, and 5,863
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, respectively 

Common Stock, par value, 
 shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive
 income 

Total stockholders 
 equity 

Total liabilities and
 stockholders equity 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 4 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

2023
 
 2022 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2023
 
 2022 

(Restated 
 (Restated 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of sales 

Gross
 Profit 

Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

Impairment 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Loss
 from Operations 

Other Income (Expense): 

Interest expense, net 

Gain (loss) on debt extinguishment 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Other expense, net 

Total
 Other Income (Expense), net 

Net Loss Before Provision
 for Income Taxes 

Provision for income
 taxes 

Net
 Loss 

Accrued
 dividends on Series F Preferred Stock (ii) 

Deemed dividends on Series F Preferred Stock (ii) 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders (ii) 

Weighted
 Average Number of Shares Outstanding During the Year -- Basic(i) 

Net
 Loss Per Common Share - Basic and Diluted (i) (ii) 

Comprehensive Income (Loss): 

Net Loss 

Amortization of unrecognized periodic pension
 costs 

Foreign currency cumulative
 translation adjustment 

Total comprehensive loss,
 net of tax (ii) 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(i) 

(ii) 

F- 5 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 AND
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Par
 0.001 Preferred Stock, Series F Convertible Shares 
 Preferred
 Stock, Series F Convertible Amount 
 Par
 0.001
 Common
 Stock Shares 
 Common
 Stock Amount 
 Additional
 Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total Stockholders Equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Settlement of heldback
 shares from contingent liability related to Measure acquisition 

Issuance of Preferred Stock,
 Series F Convertible, net of issuance cost 

Conversion of Preferred
 Stock, Series F Convertible shares to Common Stock 

Dividends on Series F Preferred
 Stock 

Deemed dividend on Series
 F Preferred Stock 

Sale of Common Stock, net
 of issuance costs 

Issuance of Common Stock
 for acquisition of senseFly 

Relative fair value of
 warrants issued with promissory note 

Issuance of restricted
 Common Stock 

Exercise of stock options 

Stock-based compensation
 expense 

Amortization of unrecognized
 periodic pension costs 

Foreign currency cumulative
 translation adjustment 

Net
 loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Balance 

Issuance of Preferred Stock, Series F Convertible,
 net of issuance cost 

Conversion of Preferred Stock, Series F Convertible
 shares to Common Stock 

Dividends on Series F Preferred Stock 

Deemed dividend on Series F Preferred Stock 

Sale of Common Stock, net of issuance costs 

Conversion of warrants issued with promissory
 note and incremental value modification 

Issuance of restricted Common Stock 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Amortization of unrecognized periodic pension
 costs 

Foreign currency cumulative translation adjustment 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 

Balance 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 6 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2023 
 2022 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile loss
 to net cash used in operating activities: 

Goodwill impairment 

Intangibles impairment 

Lease impairment 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Defined benefit plan obligation
 and other 

Loss on disposal of fixed
 assets 

Amortization of debt discount
 and warrant modification 

Loss (gain) on debt extinguishment 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and
 other liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Other 

Net cash used in operating
 activities 

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and
 equipment 

Payment of acquisition-related
 liabilities 

Capitalization of platform
 development costs 

Capitalization
 of internal use software costs 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Sales of Common Stock, net of issuance costs 

Sale of Preferred Stock, Series F Convertible,
 net of issuance costs 

Repayments on COVID loans 

Promissory note 

Exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by
 financing activities 

Effects of foreign exchange rates on cash flows 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash at beginning of
 year 

Cash at end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE
 OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest cash paid 

Income taxes paid 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Stock consideration
 for the senseFly Acquisition 

Right-of-use asset and liability 

Conversion of Preferred
 Stock, Series F Convertible to Common Stock 

Dividends on Series
 F Preferred Stock 

Deemed dividend on Series
 F Preferred stock and warrant 

Issuance of restricted
 Common Stock 

Settlement of Common
 Stock from contingent liability related to Measure 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 7 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
1 Description of Business Continued 

Collectively, MicaSense, Measure and senseFly are referred to as the 2021
Acquired Companies. 

The
Company is currently headquartered in Wichita, Kansas, where we house our sensor manufacturing operations, and we operate business and
drone manufacturing operations in Raleigh, North Carolina. In addition, the Company operates business and manufacturing operations in
Lausanne, Switzerland, in support of our international business activities. 

The
Company intends to grow our business and preserve our leadership position by developing new drones, sensors and software and capturing
a significant share of the global drone market. In addition, we expect to accelerate our growth and expansion through strategic acquisitions
of companies offering distinct technological and competitive advantages and have defensible IP protection in place, if applicable. 

million and used cash in
operating activities of million. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has working capital deficit of million. While the Company
has historically been successful in raising capital to meet its working capital needs, the ability to continue raising such capital to
enable the Company to continue its growth is not guaranteed. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern as the Company will require additional liquidity to continue its operations and meet its financial obligations
for twelve months from the date these consolidated financial statements were issued. The Company is evaluating strategies to obtain the
required additional funding for future operations and the restructuring of operations to grow revenues and reduce expenses. 

If
the Company is unable to generate significant sales growth in the near term and raise additional capital, there is a risk that the Company
could default on additional obligations; and could be required to discontinue or significantly reduce the scope of its operations if
no other means of financing operations are available. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to
the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities or any other adjustment
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued 

For
short-term classes of our financial instruments, which include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, notes receivable and
accounts payable and accrued expenses, and which are not reported at fair value, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to
their short-term nature. The current outstanding loans, including the COVID Loans, are
carried at face value, which approximates fair value, due to the government backed security which requires payments. The promissory
note is carried at face value and approximates fair value due to its prevailing interest rate. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the
Company did not have any financial assets or liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on the Company s consolidated
balance sheets on a recurring basis. 

. The Company has significant cash balances at financial institutions which throughout
the year regularly exceed the federally insured limit of . Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

million, million
and million, respectively. In addition, as of December
31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an allowance for credit losses balance of million, million and million, respectively. The Company generally does not charge
interest on overdue customer account balances. Payments of trade receivables are allocated to the specific invoices identified on the
customer s remittance advice or, if unspecified, are applied to the earliest unpaid invoices. The Company estimates an allowance
for credit losses based upon an evaluation of the current status of trade receivables, historical experience, and other factors as
necessary. It is reasonably possible that the Company s estimate of the allowance for credit losses will change. 

uncollectable rate, with 
in the US and 
internationally. As the invoices age, we know there is a chance they won t be collected, but with our usually probable
collectability rate, we expect most open invoices to be collected. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had an allowance
for credit losses of and
 ,
respectively. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued 

). Maintenance and enhancement costs, including those costs in the post-implementation stages, are typically expensed as incurred,
unless such costs relate to substantial upgrades and enhancements to the software that result in added functionality, in which case the
costs are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the software. The Company reviews the
carrying value for impairment whenever facts and circumstances exist that would suggest that assets might be impaired or that the useful
lives should be modified. Amortization expense related to capitalized internal-use software development costs is included in general
and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, capitalized software development costs for internal-use software, net of accumulated amortization, totaled and ,
respectively, relate to the Company s implementation of its enterprise resource planning ERP software. Internal-use
software costs are included in intangibles, net on the consolidated balance sheets. 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 985-20, Software Costs of Software to be Sold, Leased or Marketed, the Company capitalizes software
development costs for software to be sold, leased or marketed. Costs associated with the planning and design phase of software development
are classified as research and development costs and are expensed as incurred. Once technological feasibility has been established, a
portion of the costs incurred in development, including coding, testing and quality assurance, are capitalized until available for general
release to customers, and subsequently reported at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value. Amortization is recorded per
the individual technology software being released and is included in use cost of sales on the consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss. Annual amortization is recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining economic life of the software (typically). Unamortized capitalized costs determined to be in excess of the net realizable value of a solution are expensed at the date
of such determination. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, capitalized software development costs, net of accumulated amortization,
totaled (see Note 5) and , respectively, and are included in intangible assets, net on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Finite-lived
intangible assets are evaluated for impairment periodically, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their related
carrying amounts may not be recoverable in accordance with ASC Topic 360-10-15, Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets ASC
360-10-15 ). In evaluating intangible assets for recoverability, the Company uses its best estimate of future cash flows expected
to result from the use of the asset and eventual disposition in accordance with ASC 360-10-15. To the extent that estimated future undiscounted
net cash flows are less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the difference between the carrying
value of such asset and its fair value. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued 

Asset
recoverability is an area involving management judgment, requiring assessment as to whether the carrying values of assets are supported
by their undiscounted future cash flows. In estimating future cash flows, certain assumptions are required to be made in respect of highly
uncertain matters such as revenue growth rates, operating expenses, and terminal growth rates. For the year ended December 31, 2023,
the Company conducted an analysis of the intangibles, which indicated that the fair value was less than the current value, resulting
in an impairment to our reporting units in the amount of . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reviewed the indicators
for impairment and concluded that impairment of its finite-lived intangible assets existed. 

to . The market approach entails using valuation metrics from companies that have been traded publicly, which are
considered to be rightly similar to the subject entity. In most situations, direct comparability is hard to attain since a majority of
public companies are not only larger but also more dissimilar to the subject so both metrics are used to find the most reasonable valuation. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued 

 The
Company s software subscriptions to its platforms, HempOverview and Ground Control , are offered on a subscription
basis. These subscription fees are recognized ratably over each monthly membership period as the services are provided. 

For SaaS revenue, the Company bears responsibility to fulfill sales orders
for the Ground Control and HemOverview platform sold as SaaS. The Company owns and maintains the software license that is sold as a service.
AgEagle has full pricing discretion and bears risk of loss on the software as a service-related revenues. Sales of SaaS is excluded from
the principal vs. agent consideration as AgEagle procures and manages the inventory flow, manufacturing process, and finished goods. The
Company acts as the principal for all product sales of SaaS and reports the revenues and expenses of these product sales at gross amounts.
Accordingly, application to the Company s contracts with customers for SaaS, we conclude that the Company has a single performance
obligation relating to revenue recognition from the sale of its Ground Control and HempOverview platforms as a subscription service. SaaS
contracts with customers are either 12-month subscriptions, in which the 12-months fee is paid up front or paid monthly. 

million and million, respectively. 

million
and million, respectively. 

million and 
million, respectively. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. 

of our accounts receivable balance.
As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any customers that exceeded of our accounts receivable balance. 

Common Stock equivalents (if dilutive) related to warrants, options, and convertible
instruments. 

unvested restricted stock units, 
 common stock warrants and 
 options outstanding to purchase shares of Common
Stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 
 unvested restricted stock units and 
 options outstanding to purchase shares of Common
Stock. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued 

in sales with 
in uncollected money. The uncollectable rate was .
We noticed that there was an uptick in 2022 and 2023 from 2021, so we decided to refine our calculations. Total US entity sales for
2022 and 2023 were 
with 
in uncollected money. The uncollectable rate was 
even though we have a relatively probable collectable rate, we decided to round up to 
for current and under 30 days. We next reviewed the International entities sales and collectibility for the original 3-year period.
Total sales were 
with 
in uncollected money. The uncollectable rate was .
Unlike the US entities, there wasn t an uptick during the 2022 and 2023 fiscal years. 

Pending 

In
December 2023, FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ASU 2023-09 ). The ASU focuses on income tax disclosures around effective tax rates and cash income taxes paid. ASU 2023-09 requires
public business entities to disclose, on an annual basis, a rate reconciliation presented in both dollars and percentages. The adoption of ASU 2023-09 is expected to have
a financial statement disclosure impact only and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Continued 

In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The ASU will now
require public entities to disclose its significant segment expenses categories and amounts for each reportable segment. Under the ASU,
a significant segment expense is an expense that is: 

significant to the segment, 

regularly provided to or easily computed from information regularly provided to the chief operating decision
maker and 

included in the reported measure of segment profit or loss. 

The
ASU is effective for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods in fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2024 (calendar year public entity will adopt the ASU in its 2024 Form 10-K). The ASU should be adopted retrospectively
unless its impracticable to do so. Early adoption of the ASU is permitted, including in an interim period. The adoption of ASU 2023-07
is expected to have a financial statement disclosure impact only and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by FASB did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s
present or future consolidated financial statements. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Less: Allowance for
 credit losses 

Accounts receivable,
 net 

Customer
Concentration 

Inventories,
Net 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Gross inventories 

Less: Provision for
 obsolescence 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid
and Other Current Assets 

Prepaid software licenses and annual fees 

Prepaid rent 

Prepaid insurance 

Prepaid value-added tax charges 

Prepaid other and other
 current assets 

Prepaid and other current
 assets 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
3 - Balance Sheet Accounts Continued 

Property
and Equipment, Net 

Production tools and equipment 

Computer and office equipment 
 - 

Furniture 

Drone equipment 

Total property and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment,
 net 

For
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, depreciation expense is classified within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss as follows: 

General and administrative 

Total 

Accrued
Liabilities 

Accrued compensation and related liabilities 

Provision for warranty expense 

Accrued dividends 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued interest 

Other 

Total accrued liabilities 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

(the Note ). The Note accrues interest at a rate of three percent per annum. 

The
Note matured on April 15, 2021 (the Maturity Date ), at which time all outstanding principal and interest that had accrued,
but remained, unpaid was due. The Note provides for an automatic six month extension of the Maturity Date under the following circumstances
(i) Valqari has received in writing, (x) a good faith acquisition offer at a consideration value greater than , (y) such offer,
upon consummation, would result in a change in control (as defined in the note) of Valqari, and (z) at such time Valqari, is actively
engaged in the negotiation or finalization of such acquisition transaction; or (ii) Valqari has initiated, or is in the process of initiating,
a conversion to a C-Corporation under the Internal Revenue Code, whereas such conversion will be completed no later than
one day prior to the extended Maturity Date. Valqari was not permitted to prepay the Note prior to the Maturity Date. 

The
Note is subject to customary representations and warranties by Valqari, as well as events of default, which may lead to acceleration
of the payment of the Note such as (i) failure to pay all of the outstanding principal, plus accrued interest on the Maturity Date or
Extended Maturity Date, (ii) Valqari filing a petition or action under any bankruptcy, or other law, or (iii) an involuntary petition
is filed again Valqari under any bankruptcy statute (that is not dismissed or discharged within 60 days). The indebtedness evidenced
by the Note is subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of any senior indebtedness (as defined in the Note) in existence
on the date of the Note or incurred thereafter. 

On
the Maturity Date, AgEagle demanded payment of the Note, including accrued interest, however, Valqari alleged that the Maturity Date
was automatically extended to October 14, 2021 Extended Maturity Date ), for an additional six months. Upon the Extended
Maturity Date, AgEagle demanded payment of the Note, including accrued interest; however, Valqari sought a substantial discount on the
amount due under the Note to compensate for alleged breaches by AgEagle under the Manufacturing Agreement. AgEagle disputes the allegations
of breach and believes that it is owed a net amount by Valqari under the Manufacturing Agreement, in addition to the amount due under
the Note. On November 24, 2021, Valqari made a payment of principal on the Note of . The parties are continuing to negotiate,
and the new management team has escalated efforts in an attempt to reach an amicable resolution of their disputes as quickly as possible;
however, AgEagle reserves the right to take legal action to collect the Note in the event that a settlement is not reached. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

- 

Customer base 
 - 

Tradenames and trademarks 
 - 

Non-compete agreement 

Platform development costs 

Internal use software
 costs 

Total intangible assets,
 net 

Customer
 base 

Tradenames
 and trademarks 

Non-compete
 agreement 

Platform
 development costs 

Internal
 use software costs 

Total
 intangible assets, net 

- 

Customer
 base 
 
 - 

Trade names
 and trademarks 
 
 - 

Non-compete
 agreement 
 
 - 

Platform
 development costs 

Internal
 use software costs 

()

Total
 intangible assets, net 

Customer base 

Tradenames and trademarks 

Non-compete agreement 

Platform development costs 

Internal use software costs 

Total intangible assets, net 

As of December
31, 2023 and 2022 the weighted average remaining
amortization period in years was 
and 
years, respectively. Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was 
and ,
respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, amortization expense of 
and 
related to the platform development costs was included as part of the cost of goods sold. 

The
annual intangible impairment conducted during the fourth quarter of 2023 indicated that the fair value of the SaaS and the Company s
Drones reporting units were less than carrying value. Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment charge to SaaS and Drones units
for and , respectively, which is included in Impairment on the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
5 Intangible Assets, Net- Continued 

Customer base 

Trade names and trademarks 

Internal use software
 costs 

Total Intangible Assets,
 Net 

and ,
respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2023. 

As
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the change in the carrying value of goodwill for our operating segments (as defined in Note 16) is listed
below: 

Acquisitions 

Impairment 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Impairment 

Balance as of December
 31, 2022 

Impairment 

Balance as of December
 31, 2023 

senseFly COVID Loans ). For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, senseFly S.A. made the required
payments on the senseFly COVID Loans, including principal and accrued interest, aggregating approximately 
and ,
respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the Company s outstanding obligations under the senseFly COVID Loans are .
On August 25, 2023, the Company modified one (1) of its existing agreements to extend the repayment period of the COVID Loan from a
maturity date of December 2023 to June 2025. The other COVID loan remains unchanged. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
7 COVID Loan- Continued 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

, and (ii) a common stock purchase warrant (the Promissory
Note Warrant to purchase up to shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Shares at an exercise
price of per share, subject to standard anti-dilution adjustments. The Note is an unsecured obligation of the Company. It has an
original issue discount of and bears interest at per annum. The Company received net proceeds of net of the original
issue discount of and of issuance costs. The Promissory Note Warrant is not exercisable for the first six months after
issuance and has a five-year term from the initial exercise date of June 6, 2023. 

The
Company determined the estimated fair value of the common stock warrants issued with the Note to be using a Black-Scholes
pricing model. In accordance with ASC 470-20, Debt , the Company recorded a discount of on the Note based on the relative
fair value of the warrants and total proceeds. At Note issuance, the Company recorded a total discount on the debt of comprised
of the relative fair value of the warrants, the original issue discount, and the issuance costs. The aggregate discount will be amortized
into interest expense over the approximate two-year term of the Note. 

Beginning
June 1, 2023, and on the first business day of each month thereafter, the Company shall pay 1/20 th of the original principal
amount of the Note plus any accrued but unpaid interest, with any remaining principal plus accrued interest payable in full upon the
maturity date of December 31, 2024 or the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Note). In addition, to the extent the
Company raises any equity capital (by private placement, public offering or otherwise), the Company shall utilize 50 of the net proceeds
from such equity financing to prepay the Note, within two business days of the Company s receipt of such funds. In the event such
equity financing is provided by the Investor, pursuant to the terms of that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as June 26,
2022, or otherwise (an Additional Investment ), the Investor shall agree to accept 50 less warrant coverage in connection
with such Additional Investment, up to of such Additional Investment. 

On
August 14, 2023, the Company and Investor entered into a Note Amendment Agreement due to the Company not making the Monthly Amortization
Payments for the months of June August 2023. Pursuant to the Note Amendment Agreement, the parties agreed to amend the Note as
follows: 

(i) 
 defer
 payment of the Monthly Amortization Payments for June 2023, July 2023 and August 2023 in the aggregate amount of (the Deferred
 Payments ), and the September Monthly Amortization Payment, in the amount of , until September 15, 2023. As of September
 30, 2023, the Deferred Payments per the terms of the Amended Note were not made (see below). 

(ii) 
 increase
 the principal amount of the Note by so that the current principal amount of the Note was . 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
8 Promissory Note- Continued 

The
Note Amendment Agreement resulted in a debt extinguishment due to the modified terms of the Note being substantially different than the
original terms primarily due to the substantial increase in principal of . In accordance with ASC 470-50-40-2, the Company recorded
a loss on debt extinguishment of for the difference between the reacquisition price of the debt, of and the net
carrying amount of the extinguished debt of comprised of of principal less of unamortized debt discounts
and issuance costs on the original debt. 

On
September 15, 2023, the Company and Investor entered into a Warrant Exchange Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue
to the Investor shares of common stock in exchange for the Warrant for no consideration. The Company accounted for the incremental
value of the Promissory Note Warrant modification of as an increase in additional paid-in capital and interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The incremental value was computed using a Black-Scholes
pricing model pre and post modification and the following inputs: stock price , exercise price (pre modification) and (post
modification), volatility of , and discount rate of . 

As
result of the default on the payment for September 15, 2023, October 1, 2023 and November 1, 2023, the principal increased by 
for a total balance of . 

On
October 5, 2023, the Company and the Investor entered into a Second Note Amendment Agreement (the Second Amendment ), which
provides for the following: 

(i) 
 the
 Deferred Payments shall be due and payable on December 15, 2023; 

(ii) 
 the
 Amortization Payments (defined in the Note) scheduled for September 15, 2023, October 1, 2023, and November 1, 2023, shall be deferred
 and made part of the Amortization Payments commencing in January 2024; and 

(iii) 
 
 of any net proceeds above from any equity financing between the date of the Second Amendment and December 15, 2023, shall
 be used to prepay the Note. The Second Amendment also partially waives the Event of Default in Section 3 (a)(vii) of the Note as
 a result of the resignation of a majority of the officers listed therein. 

As of December 15, 2023, the Company was unable to meet its payment obligation
as prescribed in the Second Amendment. Subsequently, On February 8, 2024, AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc. entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA ), as subsequently amended, with Alpha Capital Anstalt Alpha ),
increasing the principal balance by to . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized of interest expense related to the amortization of the discounts prior
to the debt extinguishment which has been included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As of December 31, 2023, the unamortized discount was . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded of interest expense related to the Note in the consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, and as of December 31, 2023, there is of accrued interest included
in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Total 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

shares of Common Stock (the Offering Shares at per share and (ii) warrants to purchase
up to shares of common stock (the Warrants ), exercisable at per share (the Warrant Shares 
together with the Warrants and Offering Shares, the Securities and raised gross sales proceeds of . The Warrant
is for a term of years commencing on the closing date but is not exercisable for the first six months after closing. As a result,
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement the Company issued shares of Common Stock for proceeds of , net of issuance costs
from the offering and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock exercisable at per share. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to certain restrictions on future stock offerings, including that during
the 90 day period following the date of the execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company will not (i) issue (or enter into any agreement
to issue) any shares of common stock or common stock equivalents, subject to certain exceptions, or (ii) file any registration statement
or any amendment or supplement thereto relating to the offering or resale of any shares of the Company or any securities convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Company, subject to certain exceptions. From the date of the execution of the Purchase
Agreement until the six (6) month anniversary of the date of closing, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall effect or enter into
an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of shares of common stock or common stock equivalents (or
a combination of units thereof) involving a variable rate transaction, subject to certain exceptions. 

For
twelve (12) months following the closing date of the Offering, in the event the Company or any of its subsidiaries proposes to offer
and sell shares of Common Stock or common stock equivalents (the Offered Securities to investors primarily for capital
raising purposes (each, a Future Offering ), the Investors shall have the right, but not the obligation, to participate
in each such Future Offering in an amount of up to in the aggregate of the Offered Securities. 

The
Offering Shares were issued pursuant to a prospectus supplement and was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission on June 7, 2023, and the prospectus included in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-252801),
which was filed with the Commission on April 23, 2021, and was declared effective on May 6, 2021. The Warrants were issued in a concurrent
private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and have not been
registered under the Securities Act, or applicable state securities laws. 

The
Warrants were issued on the date of closing. The exercise price of the Warrants and the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise
thereof will be subject to adjustment in the event of any stock dividends and splits, reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization,
or similar transaction, as described in the Warrants, but has no anti-dilution protection provisions. The Warrants will be exercisable
on a cashless basis only in the event there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for the sale of the Warrant Shares. The Warrants contain a beneficial ownership limitation, such that none of
such Warrants may be exercised, if, at the time of such exercise, the holder would become the beneficial owner of more than or
 , as determined by the Investor, of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock following the exercise of such Warrant. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 Registration No. 333-273332), which was
declared effective on July 27, 2023, providing for the resale by the Investors of the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
9 Equity- Continued 

In
connection with the Offering, the Company also entered into a Lock-up Agreement with the Investors and each officer and director of the
Company (collectively, the Shareholders ), for the benefit of the Investors, with respect to the shares beneficially owned
the Shareholders. The restrictions on the disposition of the shares were for a period of 30 days from the date of the closing of the
Offering, except for the continuous use of any existing Rule 10b5-1 trading plan and other customary exceptions. 

On
November 15, 2023, subsequent to the Company s receipt of Investor Notices from the Investor and the Assignees, the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement with three accredited investors (the Accredited Investors pursuant to which the Company
sold to the Accredited Investors shares of Common Stock at per share for an aggregate purchase price of pursuant
to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-252801), which was initially filed with the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 5, 2021 and was declared effective on May 6, 2021. 

Preferred
Series F Convertible Stock 

On
June 26, 2022 (the Series F Closing Date ), the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Series
F Agreement with Alpha Capital Anstalt Alpha ). Pursuant to the terms of the Series F Agreement, the Board of Directors
of the Company (the Board designated a new series of Preferred Stock, the Series F 5 Preferred Convertible Stock Series
F ), and authorized the sale and issuance of up to shares of Series F. The Company issued to Alpha shares of Series
F for an aggregate purchase price and gross proceeds of ; however, the Company received proceeds of net of issuance
costs. The shares of Series F are convertible into shares of Common Stock at per share, subject to adjustment. Alpha
will be entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the rate per share (as a percentage of the stated par value per share of Series
F) of per annum, payable on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1, beginning on the first conversion date and subsequent conversion
dates. 

In
connection with the Series F Agreement the Company issued a warrant to Alpha to purchase shares of Common Stock, par value
 per share Series F Warrants with an exercise price equal to , subject to adjustment, per share of Common
Stock. The Series F Warrant, and the shares of Common Stock underling the Series F Warrant are collectively referred to as the Series
F Warrant Shares . The Series F Warrant is not exercisable for the first six months after its issuance and has a three-year term
from its exercise date. Upon exercise of the Series F Warrants in full by Alpha, the Company would receive additional gross proceeds
of approximately . 

Alpha
has the right, subject to certain conditions, including shareholder approval, to purchase up to of additional shares of Series
F and Series F Warrants (collectively, the Series F Option ). The Series F Option will be available for a period of eighteen
months after such shareholder approval at a purchase price equal to the average of the volume weighted average price for three trading
days prior to the date that Alpha gives notice to the Company that it will exercise the Series F Option. 

Commencing
from the Series F Closing Date and for a period of six months thereafter, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents for cash consideration, indebtedness or a combination of units thereof (a Subsequent
Financing ), Alpha will have the right to participate in up to an amount of the Subsequent Financing equal to 50 of the Subsequent
Financing on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing. Preferred Stock has no voting rights, except
that the Company shall not undertake certain corporate actions as set forth in the Certificate of Designation that would materially impact
the holders of Preferred Stock without their consent. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
9 Equity- Continued 

On
December 6, 2022, upon the issuance of the promissory note and common stock warrants with an exercise price of (see Note 8), from and , respectively (the December Down Round Trigger ). 
The December Down Round Trigger resulted in the Company recognizing a deemed dividend on the common stock warrants and Series F of 
and , respectively, or aggregate deemed dividend of , for the incremental value to the warrant and Series F holder
resulting from the reduction in exercise price and conversion price. 

The
deemed dividend on the Series F Warrants represents the difference between fair value of the Series F Warrants under the original terms
before the December Down Round Trigger and the fair value of the Series F Warrants after December Down Round Trigger at the reduced exercise
price. The fair value of the Series F Warrants was determined using a Black-Scholes pricing model and the following assumptions: expected
life of years, volatility of , risk free rate of , and dividend rate of . 

On
March 9, 2023, the Company received an Investor Notice from Alpha to purchase an additional shares of Series F Convertible Preferred
(the Additional Series F Preferred ). Each share of Additional Series F Preferred is convertible into shares of the
Company s Common Stock per Stated Value per share of Series F Preferred Stock, at a conversion price of per share
and associated common stock warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock at the exercise price of per share warrant
(the Additional Warrant for an aggregate purchase price of . The Additional Warrant is exercisable upon issuance
and has a three-year term. On March 10, 2023, the Company issued and sold the Additional Series F Preferred and the Additional Warrant. 

As
a result of issuing the additional shares of Series F Convertible Preferred, a down round or anti-dilution trigger event occurred,
resulting in the conversion rate on the Series F and the exercise price of the Series F Warrants issued with the Series F adjusting down
to from (the March Down Round Trigger ). The March Down Round Trigger resulted in the Company recognizing a
deemed dividend on the common stock warrants and Series F Preferred Stock of and , respectively, or aggregate deemed
dividend of , for the incremental value to the warrant and Series F holder resulting from the reduction in exercise price and
conversion price. 

The
deemed dividend on the Series F Warrants represents the difference between fair value of the Series F Warrants under the original terms
before the March Down Round Trigger and the fair value of the Series F Warrants after March Down Round Trigger at the reduced exercise
price. The fair value of the Series F Warrants was determined using a Black-Scholes pricing model and the following assumptions: expected
life of years, volatility of , risk free rate of , and dividend rate of . 

Upon
the issuance of the Offering Shares and Warrants on June 8, 2023, a down round or anti-dilution trigger event occurred resulting in the
conversion price of the remaining Series F Preferred Stock and the exercise price of the Series F Warrants adjusting down from 
per share to per share (the June Down Round Trigger ). The June Down Round Trigger resulted in the Company recognizing
a deemed dividend on the common stock warrants and Series F Preferred Stock of and , respectively, or an aggregate
deemed dividend of , for the incremental value to the warrant and Series F holder resulting from the reduction in exercise
price and conversion price. 

The
deemed dividend on the Series F Warrants represents the difference between fair value of the Series F Warrants under the original terms
before the down round trigger and the fair value of the Series F Warrants after down round trigger at the reduced exercise price. The
fair value of the Series F Warrants was determined using a Black-Scholes pricing model and the following assumptions: expected life of
 years, volatility of , risk free rate of , and dividend rate of . 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
 9 Equity- Continued 

On
November 15, 2023, the Company entered into an Assignment, Waiver and Amendment Agreement (the Assignment Agreement with the Investor pursuant to which, among other things, (i) the Investor transferred and assigned to certain institutional and
accredited investors (the Assignees ), the rights and obligations to purchase up to 
of Preferred Stock pursuant to the Additional Investment Right provided in the Original Purchase Agreement (the Assigned
Rights ), (ii) the Original Purchase Agreement was amended so that the Assignees are party thereto and have the same rights
and obligations thereunder as the Investor to the extent of the Assigned Rights, (iii) the time period during which the Investor can
provide an Investor Notice was extended from August 3, 2024 until February 3, 2025; and (iv) the Investor and the Company agreed to
a onetime waiver of the Minimum Subscription Requirement to allow exercise of the Assigned Rights. 

The
foregoing description of the Assignment Agreement does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Assignment Agreement ,
filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report and incorporated by reference herein. 

Pursuant
to the Investor Notices received by the Company from the Investor and the Assignees on November 15, 2023, delivered in connection with
the Assignment, the Investor and the Assignees have provided notices of their desire to purchase shares of Preferred Stock (the
 November Additional Series F Preferred convertible into shares of Common Stock (the November Conversion
Shares at a conversion price of per share and warrants (the November Additional Warrants to purchase up
to shares of our Common Stock an exercise price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of . The November
Additional Warrants will be exercisable upon issuance and have a three-year term. 

As
a result of issuing the additional shares of Series F Convertible Preferred, a down round or anti-dilution trigger event occurred,
resulting in the conversion rate on the Series F and the exercise price of the Series F Warrants issued with the Series F adjusting down
to from (the November Down Round Trigger ). The November Down Round Trigger resulted in the Company recognizing
a deemed dividend on the common stock warrants and Series F Preferred Stock of and , respectively, or aggregate deemed
dividend of , for the incremental value to the warrant and Series F holder resulting from the reduction in exercise price and
conversion price. 

The deemed dividend on the Series F Warrants represents the difference between fair value of the Series F Warrants
under the original terms before the down round trigger and the fair value of the Series F Warrants after down round trigger at the reduced
exercise price. The fair value of the Series F Warrants was determined using a Black-Scholes pricing model and the following assumptions:
expected life of 2 years, volatility of 89 , risk free rate of 4.90 , and dividend rate of 0 . 

Additionally,
on November 15, 2023, the Company entered into a letter agreement (the Engagement
Agreement with Dawson James Securities, Inc. Dawson pursuant to which Dawson has agreed to serve as the sole
placement agent for the Company, on a reasonable best efforts basis, in connection with the proposed placement of the Company s
Series F Preferred (as defined below) and associated warrants to purchase Common Stock as well as Common Stock (the Offering ). 

Pursuant
to the Engagement Agreement, the Company will issue to Dawson warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Placement
Agent Warrants ), equal to of the total number of Warrants sold in the Offering. These Placement Agent Warrants will have the
same terms as the November Additional Warrants except that such Placement Agent Warrants will have a five year term and will not
include any anti-dilution protection provisions in connection with a subsequent equity issuance, or otherwise. 

All
deemed dividends to the Series F stockholder were recorded as additional paid in capital and an increase to accumulated deficit and as
an increase to loss attributable to Common Stockholders in computing earnings (loss) per share on the consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
9 Equity- Continued 

As
of December 31, 2023, Alpha converted shares of Series F into shares of Common Stock. As a result, for the same periods,
the Company recorded cumulative dividends, which are included in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets,
at the rate per share (as a percentage of the stated par value per share of Series F) of 5 per annum, beginning on the first
conversation date of June 30, 2022. 

As
 of December 31, 2022, Alpha had converted shares of Series F into shares
 of Common Stock and recorded cumulative dividends at the rate per share (as a percentage
 of the stated par value per share of Series F) of 5 per annum, beginning on the first
 conversation date of June 30, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2023, the Company has outstanding common stock warrants of with an exercise price ranging from to 
and a weighted-average contractual term remaining of years that were issued in connection with the transaction discussed above (see
Note 11). 

At-the-Market
Sales Agreement 

In
accordance with a May 25, 2021, at-the-market Sales Agreement with Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated and Raymond James 
Associates, Inc. as sales agents, the Company sold shares of Common Stock at a share price between and , for proceeds
of , net of issuance costs of , in 2022. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, there were no at-the-market
sales. 

Acquisition
of senseFly 

In
accordance with the terms of the senseFly S.A. Purchase Agreement, the Company issued shares of Common Stock to Parrot Drones
S.A.S. Parrot in January 2022 having an aggregate value of , based on a volume weighted average trading price
of the Common Stock over a ten consecutive trading day period prior to the date of issuance of the shares of Common Stock to Parrot. 

Acquisition
of Measure 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Measure Acquisition Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement the Company issued an aggregate of
 shares of the Company s common stock to the Sellers of Measure as part of the consideration for the acquisition, of which
 shares were held back (the Heldback Shares to cover post-closing indemnification claims and to satisfy any purchase
price adjustments (see also disclosure above). Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Heldback Shares were scheduled to
be released in three tranches, on the 12-month, 18-month and 24-month anniversary of the closing date of the acquisition. The Company
made a claim for indemnification against the Heldback Shares. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement entered on August 22, 2022 the Company
released all the Measure shares held in escrow along with any disputes regarding the Heldback Shares. As a result, of
the Heldback Shares were released to the Measure Sellers with the remaining Heldback Shares being cancelled by the Company which
reduced the issued and outstanding common stock and causing an increase to stockholders equity of . 

Exercise
of Common Stock Options 

For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, there was no exercise of stock options. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 
 shares of Common Stock were issued respectively
in connection with the exercise of stock options previously granted at exercise price between 
 and 
 resulting in gross proceeds of . 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
9 Equity- Continued 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company determines the fair value of awards granted under the Equity Plan based on the fair value of its Common Stock on the date of
grant. Stock-based compensation expenses related to grants under the Equity Plan are included in general and administrative expenses
on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

2017
Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan 

On
March 26, 2018, the 2017 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Equity Plan became effective. Under the Equity Plan, the Company
may grant equity-based and other incentive awards to officers, employees, and directors of, and consultants and advisers to, the Company.
The purpose of the Equity Plan is to help the Company attract, motivate, and retain such persons and thereby enhance shareholder value.
The Equity Plan shall continue in effect, unless sooner terminated, until the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date on which it is adopted
by the Board (except as to awards outstanding on that date). The Board in its discretion may terminate the Equity Plan at any time with
respect to any shares for which awards have not theretofore been granted; provided, however, that the Equity Plan s termination
shall not materially and adversely impair the rights of a holder, without the consent of the holder, with respect to any award previously
granted. On June 18, 2019, at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the Company, the shareholders approved a proposal to increase the
number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Equity Plan from to . 

On
July 15, 2020, the Company held its 2020 annual meeting of stockholders and approved a proposal to increase the number of shares of Common
Stock reserved for issuance under the Equity Plan from to . To the extent that an award lapses, expires, is canceled,
is terminated unexercised or ceases to be exercisable for any reason, or the rights of its holder terminate, any shares subject to such
award shall again be available for the grant of a new award. The number of shares for which awards which are options or stock appreciation
rights SARs may be granted to a participant under the Equity Plan during any calendar year is limited to . For
purposes of qualifying awards as performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m), the maximum amount of cash compensation
that may be paid to any person under the Equity Plan in any single calendar year shall be . 

On
June 16, 2021, the Company held its 2021 annual meeting of stockholders and approved a proposal to increase the number of shares of Common
Stock reserved for issuance under the Equity Plan from to . To the extent that an award lapses, expires, is canceled,
is terminated unexercised or ceases to be exercisable for any reason, or the rights of its holder terminate, any shares subject to such
award shall again be available for the grant of a new award. The number of shares for which awards which are options or SARs may be granted
to a participant under the Equity Plan during any calendar year is limited to . For purposes of qualifying awards as performance-based 
compensation under Code Section 162(m), the maximum amount of cash compensation that may be paid to any person under the Equity Plan
in any single calendar year shall be . 

On
November 14, 2023, the Company held its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders and approved a proposal to increase the number of shares
of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Equity Plan from to . 

The
Company determines the fair value of awards granted under the Equity Plan based on the fair value of its Common Stock on the date of
grant. 

Stock-based
compensation expenses related to grants under the Equity Plan are included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
9 Equity- Continued 

Restricted
Stock Units RSUs 

Granted 

Canceled 

Vested and released 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 

Vested as of December 31, 2023 

Unvested as of December 31, 2023 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, the aggregate fair value of RSUs at the time of vesting was . 

As
of December 31, 2023, the Company had of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs, which will be amortized
over approximately eleven months. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized of stock compensation related
to restricted stock units. 

Granted 

Canceled 

Vested and released 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Vested as of December 31, 2022 

Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the aggregate fair value of RSUs at the time of vesting was . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs, which will be amortized
over approximately sixteen months. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized of stock compensation related
to restricted stock units. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
9 Equity- Continued 

Issuance
of RSUs to Current Officers and Directors of the Company 

On
December 29, 2023, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee of the Board Compensation Committee ), in lieu of
the payment of for the three Board members as quarterly cash compensation, three (3) non-executive directors received 
RSUs equal to , which were immediately vested, also in lieu of the issuance of stock options for the purchase of shares
of common stock, for each of these three (3) non-executive directors received a total of in restricted stock awards, which vested
immediately for a fair value of in the aggregate or each. 

On
December 22, 2023, the Company granted its former chief commercial officer RSUs as part of the resignation
agreement. Mr. O Sullivan s termination was effective December 8, 2023. 

On
September 29, 2023, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, in lieu of
the payment of for each Board member or a total of as quarterly cash compensation, three (3) non-executive directors
each received , totaling RSUs equal to , which were immediately vested, also in lieu of the issuance of stock options
for the purchase of shares of common stock, for each of these three (3) non-executive directors received a total of in
restricted stock awards, which vested immediately for a fair value of in the aggregate or each. 

On
May 11, 2023, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, the Board granted
to the officers of the Company in connection with the 2022 executive compensation plan RSUs, which vested immediately. 

On
March 29, 2023, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, the Board granted to the officers of the Company in connection with
the 2022 executive compensation plan RSUs, which vested immediately. 

For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of , based upon the market
price of its Common Stock between and per share on the date of grant of these RSUs. 

On
June 13, 2022, the Company released shares of Common Stock to its former chief executive officer, Mr. Brandon Torres Declet Mr.
Torres Declet ). The issuance of Common Stock included, in connection with the Measure Acquisition, an award of RSUs issued
in 2021, an award of RSUs issued in connection with the 2021 executive compensation plan, an award of RSUs as agreed upon
in a separation agreement, and shares in satisfaction of a performance bonus for 2021 approved by the Compensation Committee of
the Board of Directors in 2022. 

On
April 11, 2022, the Company granted an officer RSUs, which vested immediately. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recognized stock-based compensation expense of , based upon the market price of its Common Stock of per share on the date
of grant of these RSUs. Additionally, on the same date, the Company granted the same officer RSUs, which vests over a period from
the date of grant through the first anniversary of the senseFly Acquisition Date. For year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized
stock-based compensation expense of , based upon the market price of its Common Stock of per share on the date of grant
of these RSUs. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of , based upon the market price of
its Common Stock of per share on the date of grant for the RSUs issued as part of the separation agreement. Additionally,
for the RSUs, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of based upon the market price of its Common Stock
of per share on the date of grant. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense
of , based upon the market price of its Common Stock of and per share on the date of grant for the and 
shares, respectively, granted in 2021. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
9 Equity- Continued 

On
March 1, 2022, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee the Board, in connection
2021 executive compensation plan granted an officer of the Company was granted RSUs, which vested immediately. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of , based upon the market price of its Common Stock
of per share on the date of grant of these RSUs. 

On
January 1, 2022, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, the Board issued to an officer two grants of RSUs each, in
connection with a bonus way forward plan. These two grants vest over nine and twenty-one months, respectively, from the date of grant.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of and , based upon the
market price of its Common Stock of per share on the date of grant of these RSUs. 

Stock
Options 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired/forfeited 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2023 

As
of December 31, 2023, the Company has of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options, which will be amortized
over approximately twenty-eight months. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized of stock compensation
related to stock options. 

The
company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate the fair market value of the stock options at the grant date as of December
31, 2023. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired/forfeited 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
9 Equity- Continued 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options, which will be amortized
over approximately twenty-four months. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized of stock compensation
related to stock options. 

The
company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate the fair market value of the stock options at the grant date as of December
31, 2022. 

Dividend yield 

Expected life (years) 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Issuances
of Options to Officers and Directors 

On
September 30, 2023, the Company issued to officers options to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per
share, which vests over a period of two years from the date of grant and expires on September 29, 2028. The Company determined the fair
market value of these unvested options to be . For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized stock-based
compensation expense of , based upon the fair value market price of . 

On
June 30, 2023, the Company issued to directors and officers options to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of
 per share, which vests over a period of two years from the date of grant and expires on June 29, 2028. The Company determined the
fair market value of these unvested options to be . For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized stock-based
compensation expense of , based upon the fair value market price of . 

On
March 31, 2023, the Company issued to directors and officers options to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price
of per share, which vests over a period of two years from the date of grant, and expires on March 30, 2028. The Company determined
the fair market value of these unvested options to be . For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized
stock-based compensation expense of , based upon the fair value market price of . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued to directors and officers options to purchase shares of Common Stock at
exercise prices ranging from to per share, which expire on dates between January 3, 2025 and December 31, 2027. The Company
determined the fair market value of these unvested options to be . In connection with the issuance of these options, the Company
recognized in stock-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cancellations
of Options 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, as a result of employee terminations and options expirations, stock options aggregating , with
estimated values of approximately , were cancelled. During the year ended December 31, 2022, options were cancelled with
a grant-date fair value due to employee terminations. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

Amortization of prior service cost (credit) 

Loss recognized
 due to settlements and curtailments 

Net periodic pension
 benefit cost 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Plan participation contributions 

Actuarial (gains) / losses 

Benefits paid through plan
 assets 

Curtailments, settlements
 and special contractual termination benefits 

Foreign
 currency exchange rate changes 

PBO, end of period 

Component
 representing future salary increases 

Accumulated benefit
 obligation ABO ), end of period 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
10 Retirement Plans- Continued 

For
the period from January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023, the change in fair value of the Pension Plan assets was as follows: 

2023 
 
 Fair value of plan assets, beginning of period 

Expected return on plan
 assets 

Gain / (losses) on plan
 assets 

Employer contributions 

Plan participant contributions 

Benefits paid through plan
 assets 

Settlements 

Foreign
 currency exchange rate changes 

Fair value of plan assets, end of period 

senseFly
S.A. s investment objectives are to ensure that the assets of its Defined Benefit Plan are invested to provide an optimal rate
of investment return on the total investment portfolio, consistent with the assumption of a reasonable risk level, and to ensure that
pension funds are available to meet the plans benefit obligations as they become due. senseFly S.A. believes that a well-diversified
investment portfolio will result in the highest attainable investment return with an acceptable level of overall risk. Investment strategies
and allocation decisions are also governed by applicable governmental regulatory agencies. senseFly s investment strategy with
respect to the Defined Benefit Plan is to invest in accordance with the following allocation: in equities, in bonds, 
in real estate, in alternative investments and in cash and cash equivalents. 

- 
 - 

Equity securities 
 
 - 
 - 

Bonds 
 
 - 
 - 

Real estate 
 - 
 
 - 

Alternative investments 
 - 
 
 - 

Total fair value
 of plan assets 

- 

The following tables present the fair value of the Defined Benefit Plan assets by major categories and by levels
within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022: 

Level
 1 
 Level
 2 
 Level
 3 
 Total 
 
 Cash
 and equivalents 
 
 - 
 - 

Equity
 securities 
 
 - 
 - 

Bonds 
 
 - 
 - 

Real estate 
 - 
 
 - 

Alternative
 investments 
 - 
 
 - 

Total
 fair value of plan assets 

- 

Less: PBO 

Underfunded status, end of period 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
10 Retirement Plans- Continued 

As
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the underfunded status is included in defined plan obligation on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Defined Benefit Plan has a PBO in excess of Defined Benefit Plan assets. For the period from January 1, 2023 through December 31,
2023, the amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to the defined benefit plan were as
follows: 

Net gain / (loss) 

Accumulated other comprehensive
 income (loss), net of tax 

The
net prior service credit included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of December 31, 2023, is expected to be
recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost during the year ending December 31, 2024. 

Estimated rate of compensation
 increase 

Periodic costs: 

Discount rate 

Estimated rate of compensation
 increase 

Expected long term rate of
 return on plan assets 

Cash balance interest credit rate 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total expected benefit
 payments by the plan 

Defined
Contribution Plan 

The
Company sponsors the AgEagle Aerial Systems 401(k) Plan (the 401(k) Plan that covers substantially all eligible employees
in the United States. The Company matches contributions made by eligible employees, subject to certain percentage limits of the employees 
earnings. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company s employer contribution to the 401(k) Plan totaled 
and , respectively. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Warrant Shares were issued in a concurrent private
placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and have not been registered
under the Securities Act, or applicable state securities laws to Dawson James Securities Inc. 

On
June 5, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain accredited
and institutional investors (the Investors pursuant to which the Company issued warrants to purchase up to 
shares of common stock (the Warrants ), exercisable at per share (the Offering (see Note 9 for further
disclosures). 

On
March 9, 2023, the Company received an Investor Notice from Alpha (described above in Note 9) resulting in the issuance of a Common Stock
warrant to purchase up to shares of Common Stock at the exercise price of per share warrant (the Additional Warrant for an aggregate purchase price of . The Additional Warrant is exercisable upon issuance and has a three-year term. On March
10, 2023, the Company issued and sold the Additional Series F Preferred along with the associated Additional Warrant. On June 5, 2023,
upon entering the Purchase Agreement a Down Round was triggered reducing the exercise price of the Additional Warrant to . 

On
December 6, 2022, the Company entered into a Promissory Note Purchase Agreement (described above in Note 8), pursuant to which the Company
issued the right to purchase up to shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share (see Note 8 for further disclosures),
subject to standard anti-dilution adjustments. The Promissory Note Warrant was not exercisable for the first six months after issuance
and has a five-year term from the initial exercise date of June 6, 2023. On September 15, 2023,
the Company and the Investor entered into a Warrant Exchange Agreement pursuant to which the Company has agreed to issue to the Investor
 shares of common stock in exchange for the Promissory Note Warrant. The Promissory Note Warrant has since been cancelled and
is now no longer outstanding. 

On
June 26, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (described above in Note 8) with Alpha. In connection with the
Series F Agreement the Company issued a warrant to Alpha to purchase shares of Common Stock, par value per share Series
F Warrant with an exercise price equal to , subject to adjustment, per share of Common Stock. The Series F Warrants were not exercisable
for the first six months after its issuance and have a three-year term from its initial exercise date of December 30, 2022. Upon the
issuance of the shares of Common Stock warrants at per share, the Series F Warrant exercise price was reduced to ,
the warrants were further reduced in March upon issuance of additional Series F Preferred shares to and in June to upon entering
the Purchase Agreement (see Note 8 for explanation regarding the December, March and June Down Rounds along with any other further disclosures
related to Series F Preferred Stock). 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
11 Warrants Continued 

The
exercise price of the Warrants and the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise thereof will be subject to adjustment in the
event of any stock dividends and splits, reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization or similar transaction, as described in
the Warrants, but has no anti-dilution protection provisions. The Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis only
in the event there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the sale
of the Warrant Shares. The Warrants contain a beneficial ownership limitation, such that none of such Warrants may be exercised, if,
at the time of such exercise, the holder would become the beneficial owner of more than or , as determined by the holder,
of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock following the exercise of such Warrant (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation ). 

Warrant
Conversions 

For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, 
warrants were converted to 
shares of common stock. 

Exercised 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Issued March 2023 

Issued June 2023 

Issued November 2023 

Exercised 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2023 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

The estimated cash rent payments due through the expiration
of this operating lease total . 

As
a result of the MicaSense Acquisition, the Company assumed an operating lease for office space in Seattle, 
The estimated cash rent payments due through the expiration of this operating lease total approximately . Starting late 2022, the Company has been engaged in consolidating its business and manufacturing operations from
multiple offices to two centralized locations in Wichita, Kansas and Lausanne, Switzerland. In May 2023, the Company executed a sublease
agreement for their facility located in Seattle, Washington; however, the Company remains the primary obligor under the original lease. 

As
a result of the senseFly Acquisition, the Company assumed the operating leases for office spaces in Raleigh, North Carolina and Lausanne,
Switzerland. The estimated cash rent payments due through the expiration of this operating lease total
approximately . 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
12 Leases Continued 

Current portion of
 operating lease liability 
 Current portion of lease
 liabilities 

Long-term portion of
 operating lease liability 
 Long-term portion of lease
 liabilities 

For
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, operating lease expense payments were and , respectively, and are included
in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total future minimum lease payments, undiscounted 

Less: Amount representing
 interest 

Present value of future
 minimum lease payments 

Present value of future
 minimum lease payments current 

Present value of future
 minimum lease payments long-term 

Weighted-average discount rate 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

, payable quarterly; and a quarterly grant of 
stock options with an exercise price at the current market price of the Company s Common Stock at the time of issuance (the Quarterly
Options ). The Quarterly Options are exercisable for a period of five years from the date of grant and vest in equal quarterly installments
over a period of two years from the date of grant. 

Ms.
Luisa Ingargiola 

Departure
of Board Member 

On
November 18, 2022, Ms. Luisa Ingargiola resigned as a director, a member of the Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance
committee, and the chair of the Audit Committee of AgEagle. Ms. Ingargiola s resignation from the Company s Board of Directors
was not a result of any disagreement with management or any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

Executive
Appointments and Departures 

Mr.
Michael O Sullivan 

Departure of Chief Commercial Officer 

On June 20, 2023, the Company delivered notice of termination to Michael O Sullivan, the Company s Chief
Commercial Officer, which termination was effective on September 20, 2023, subject to further extension as required under the applicable
laws of Switzerland, where Mr. O Sullivan is located and employed. 

On
April 11, 2022, Michael O Sullivan Mr. O Sullivan was appointed as the Company s Chief Commercial Officer,
Mr. O Sullivan will receive an annual base salary of CHF per year, subject to annual performance reviews and revisions
by and at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee. In accordance with the 2022 Executive Compensation Plan and as approved
by the Compensation Committee, Mr. O Sullivan will be eligible to receive an annual cash bonus of up to of his then-current
base salary and RSUs with a fair value of up to CHF, based upon achievement of the performance milestones established in the
2022 Executive Compensation Plan. Furthermore, Mr. O Sullivan is entitled to a service-based bonus, comprised of a cash bonus of
 CHF and RSUs with a fair value of CHF. Upon execution of his employment agreement with the Company, Mr. O Sullivan
was immediately granted RSUs with a fair value of CHF, as part of his service-based bonus. The remaining RSUs with a fair value
of CHF and the cash payment of CHF will vest in October 2022. In addition, Mr. O Sullivan is entitled to receive
a quarterly grant of stock options at the fair market value of the Company s . 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
13 Commitments and Contingencies- Continued 

Mr.
O Sullivan is provided with severance benefits in the event of termination without cause or for good reason, as defined in his
employment offer letter. Upon execution of a severance agreement entered into between Mr. O Sullivan and the Company, Mr.
O Sullivan will be entitled to the following benefits: 
CHF on the date of termination of employment, pursuant to the terms of the separation agreement. 

The
severance benefits are conditioned upon (i) continued compliance in all material respects with Mr. O Sullivan s continuing
obligations to the Company, including, without limitation, the terms of the amended employment offer letter and of the confidentiality
agreement that survive termination of employment with the Company, and (ii) signing (without revoking if such right is provided under
applicable law) a separation agreement and general release in a form provided to the executive officer by the Company on or about the
date of termination of employment. 

Mr.
Barrett Mooney 

Departure
as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

On December 17, 2023, the Company received notice (the Notice from Mr. Barrett Mooney, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, that he has decided to depart the Company as Chief Executive Officer and Director to pursue another professional
opportunity, effective December 31, 2023. 

On
January 17, 2022, Mr. Barrett Mooney, the Company s Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer immediately preceding
Mr. Michael Drozd, was reappointed to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and to continue in his role as Chairman of
the Board. 

Mr.
Mooney is provided with severance benefits in the event of termination without cause or for good reason, as defined in her amended
employment offer letter. Upon execution of a severance agreement entered into between Mr. Mooney and the Company, Mr. Mooney will be
entitled to the following benefits: 
on the date of termination of employment, pursuant to the terms of the separation agreement. 

The
severance benefits are conditioned upon (i) continued compliance in all material respects with Mr. Mooney s continuing obligations
to the Company, including, without limitation, the terms of the amended employment offer letter and of the confidentiality agreement
that survive termination of employment with the Company, and (ii) signing (without revoking if such right is provided under applicable
law) a separation agreement and general release in a form provided to the executive officer by the Company on or about the date of termination
of employment. 

In
the event the Board of Directors (the Board determines in its discretion that Mr. Mooney must relocate his principal place
of performance of her duties, the Company shall pay and/or reimburse his expenses in connection with such relocation. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
13 Commitments and Contingencies- Continued 

Mr.
Torres Declet 

Departure
as Chief Executive Officer 

On
January 17, 2022, the Company and Mr. Brandon Torres Declet mutually agreed to Mr. Torres Declet s resignation as Chief
Executive Officer and as a director of the Company. In connection with his departure, and in accordance with his employment
agreement with the Company, Mr. Torres Declet will receive base salary continuation equal to six months of his then annual salary,
reimbursement of COBRA health insurance premiums for a period of six months at the same rate as if Mr. Torres Declet were an active
employee of the Company, and a grant of fully vested restricted shares of Common Stock of the Company with a fair market value of
 
on the date of termination of employment, resulting in the issuance of 
RSUs. 

Nicole
Fernandez-McGovern 

Departure
as Chief Financial Officer 

On August 15, 2023, the Company received notice (the Notice from Ms. Nicole Fernandez-McGovern, the
Company s Chief Financial Officer, which states that she has been terminated for Good Reason under her employment
offer letter agreement. The Board of Directors has accepted the Notice as a notice of voluntary resignation by Ms. Fernandez-McGovern,
and not of termination for Good Reason. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
13 Commitments and Contingencies- Continued 

Mark
DiSiena 

Employment
Arrangements for Mark DiSiena, Chief Financial Officer 

As
previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2023, as a result of Ms.
Nicole Fernandez-McGovern s departure as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, Mr. Mark DiSiena was appointed as the Company s
principal financial and accounting officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, effective as of October 13, 2023. On November 30, 2023,
the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Mr. DiSiena as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective as of December 1, 2023
(the Commencement Date ). Pursuant to an employment offer letter dated November 28, 2023 (the Offer Letter ),
Mr. DiSiena shall receive an annual base salary of and a sign-on bonus in the form of restricted stock units (the RSUs not to exceed in total award value, with of the RSUs to vest one year after Commencement Date, and the remainder to vest
 after Commencement Date. Mr. DiSiena will be eligible to receive an annual performance-based bonus comprised of up to 
in cash and RSUs not to exceed in total award value, with of the total RSU award to vest at the time of the award date, 
of the original award amount to vest one year after the award date, and the remainder to vest two years after the award date. The performance
bonus amounts each year will be determined at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company based upon an assessment of
a combination of his achievement of designated personal goals and the Company reaching designated corporate goals. 

There
are no family relationships between Mr. DiSiena and any director, executive officer or nominees thereof of the Company. There are no
related party transactions between the Company and Mr. DiSiena that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

The
Company has various employment agreements with various employees of the Company which it considers normal and in the ordinary course
of business along with agreements for all its directors which it has previously disclosed. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
13 Commitments and Contingencies- Continued 

The
Company has no other formal employment agreements with our executive officers, nor any compensatory plans or arrangements resulting from
the resignation, retirement, or any other termination of our named executive officers, from a change-in-control, or from a change in
any executive officer s responsibilities following a change-in-control. However, it is possible that the Company will enter into
formal employment agreements with its executive officers in the future. 

Purchase
Commitments 

The
Company routinely places orders for manufacturing services and materials. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had purchase commitments
of approximately . These purchase commitments are expected to be realized during the year ending December 31, 2024. As of December
31, 2022, the Company had purchase commitments of . 

. These expenses are included within
general and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

One
of the Company s directors, Mr. Thomas Gardner, is one of the principals of NeuEon, Inc., which provides services to the Company
as the Chief Technology Officer. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the expenses related to services provided by NeuEon,
Inc. to the Company were and , respectively. These expenses are included within the general and administrative expenses
in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

and , respectively. The amount of
and ultimate realization of the benefits from the deferred tax assets for income tax purposes is dependent, in part, upon the tax laws
in effect, the Company s future earnings, and other future events, the effects of which cannot be determined. Because of the uncertainty
surrounding the realization of the deferred tax assets the Company has established a valuation allowance of and 
as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The change in the valuation allowance during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022
was and , respectively. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
15 Income Taxes - Continued 

As
of December 31, 2023, the Company has a federal and state net operating loss carryforward of approximately and ,
respectively. Of those balances, the Company has of federal net operating losses expiring in and the remaining amounts
have no expiration. The Company has a foreign net operating loss carryforward of which expire in . The Company
has state net operating carryforwards of which expire between , and the remaining amounts have no expiration. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has a federal and state net operating loss carryforward of approximately and ,
respectively. Of those balances, the Company has of federal net operating losses expiring in and the remaining amounts
have no expiration. The Company has a foreign net operating loss carryforward of which expire in . The Company
has state net operating carryforwards of which expire between , and the remaining amounts have no expiration. 

The
timing and manner in which we can utilize our net operating loss carryforward and future income tax deductions in any year may be limited
by provisions of the Internal Revenue Code regarding the change in ownership of corporations. Such limitations may have an impact on
the ultimate realization of our carryforwards and future tax deductions. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 imposes limitations on a corporation s ability to utilize net operating losses if it experiences an ownership change. 
In general terms, an ownership change may result from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders in the stock of a
corporation by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. Any unused annual limitation may be carried over to later years,
and the amount of the limitation may under certain circumstances be increased by the built-in gains in assets held by us at the time
of the change that are recognized in the five-year period after the change. The Company has not conducted a formal ownership change analysis
as required under Section 382; however, we intend to do so if we anticipate recognizing tax benefits associated with the net operating
loss carryforwards. 

As
of December 31, 2023, the Company determined it is more likely than not that it will not realize our temporary deductible differences
and net operating loss carryforwards, and as such, has provided a full valuation allowance on our net deferred tax asset. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not recognize any uncertain tax positions, interest or penalty expense related
to income taxes. AgEagle files U.S. federal and state income tax returns, as required by law. The federal return generally has a three-year
statute of limitations, and most states have a four-year statute of limitations; however, the taxing authorities can review the tax year
in which the net operating loss was generated when the loss is utilized on a tax return. We currently do not have any open income tax
audits. The Company is open to federal and state examination on the 2020 through 2022 income tax returns filed. 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
15 Income Taxes - Continued 

State and local income taxes, net of federal 

Goodwill impairment 

Other permanent items 

Other adjustments 

Stock compensation 

Return to provision adjustment 

Foreign tax differential 

Change in valuation
 allowance 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Equity compensation 

Other accrued expenses 

Net operating loss carry forward 

Tax credits 

Right of Use (ROU) - Liability 

Total Deferred Tax Assets 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Right of Use (ROU) - Asset 

Total Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Net Deferred Tax 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
15 Income Taxes- Continued 

The
Company s provision is primarily driven by the full valuation allowance in 2023 and 2022. 

U.S. Foreign 

Total current provision 

Deferred 

U.S. Federal 

U.S. State 

U.S. Foreign 

Total deferred benefit 

Change in valuation
 allowance 

Total provision for
 income taxes 

International 

Total net loss before
 provision for income taxes 

Assets 

As of December 31, 2022 

Goodwill 

Assets 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
16 Segment Information- Continued 

Net
(Loss) Income 

Cost of sales 

Loss from operations (1) (2) 

Other income (expense),
 net 

Net loss 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Revenues 

Cost of sales 

Loss from operations (3) 

Other income (expense),
 net 

Net loss 

(1) for the Sensor and SaaS reporting segments. 

(2) for the Drones and SaaS reporting segments. 

(3) 
 for the Drones and SaaS reporting segments. 

Revenues
by Geographic Area 

Latin America 

Europe, Middle East and Africa 

Asia Pacific 

Other 

Total 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

North America 

Europe, Middle East and Africa 

Asia Pacific 

Other 

Total 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
17 Restatement-Continued 

Net
 loss per common share basic and diluted (i) 

Total
 comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Statement
 of Operations Data 
 As
 Previously Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As
 Restated 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Statement of Operations Data 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Net loss per common share basic and diluted (i) 

Total comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Statement
 of Operations Data 
 As
 Previously Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As
 Restated 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 
 
 Statement of Operations Data (Unaudited) 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Net loss per common share basic and diluted (i) 

Total comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Statement
 of Operations Data 
 As
 Previously Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As
 Restated 

Three Months Ended June 30, 2023 
 
 Statement of Operations Data (Unaudited) 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Net Loss Per Common Share basic and diluted (i) 

Total comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Statement
 of Operations Data 
 As
 Previously Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As
 Restated 

Six Months Ended June 30, 2023 
 
 Statement of Operations Data (Unaudited) 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Net Loss Per Common Share - basic and diluted (i) 

Total comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Statement
 of Operations Data 
 As
 Previously Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As
 Restated 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Statement of Operations Data (Unaudited) 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Net loss per common share basic and diluted (i) 

Total comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Statement
 of Operations Data 
 As
 Previously Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As
 Restated 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Statement of Operations Data (Unaudited) 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Net loss per common share basic and diluted (i) 

Total comprehensive loss, net of tax 

(i) 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

shares of common stock (the Warrant Shares ), par value 
per share (the Common Stock of AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc., issuable upon the exercise of warrants (the
 Warrants consisting of (i) 
Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants at an initial exercise price of 
per warrant (which was adjusted to 
per warrant as a result of the Common Stock Offering defined below) issued to the Selling Shareholders in a private placement
pursuant to Investor Notices (as defined below) received by the Company from the Selling Shareholders on November 15, 2023, the
Assignment, Waiver and Amendment Agreement (the Assignment Agreement among the Company and the Selling Shareholders,
dated November 15, 2023, and the Securities Purchase Agreement (the Series F Agreement between the Company and one of
its investors, dated June 26, 2022; and (ii) 
Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants at the exercise price of 
per warrant initially issued to Dawson James Securities, Inc. Dawson in a private placement pursuant to an
engagement letter between Dawson and the Company, dated November 15, 2023 (the Engagement Letter ), of which Warrant
for 
Warrant Shares were subsequently assigned by Dawson to certain Selling Shareholders. 

On
February 1, 2024, the Company filed an amendment to the January 18, 2024 S-1 relating to the resale by the Selling Shareholders (the
 Selling Shareholders of up to shares of common stock (the Warrant Shares ), par value per
share (the Common Stock of AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc., issuable upon the exercise of warrants
(the Warrants consisting of (i) Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants at an initial exercise price of 
per warrant (which was adjusted to per warrant as a result of the Common Stock Offering defined below) issued to the Selling Shareholders
in a private placement pursuant to Investor Notices (as defined below) received by the Company from the Selling Shareholders on November
15, 2023, the Assignment, Waiver and Amendment Agreement (the Assignment Agreement among the Company and the Selling Shareholders,
dated November 15, 2023, and the Securities Purchase Agreement (the Series F Agreement between the Company and one of
its investors, dated June 26, 2022; and (ii) Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants at the exercise price of per warrant
initially issued to Dawson James Securities, Inc. Dawson in a private placement pursuant to an engagement letter between
Dawson and the Company, dated November 15, 2023 (the Engagement Letter ), of which Warrant for Warrant Shares
were subsequently assigned by Dawson to certain Selling Shareholders. 

On
January 24, 2024, AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc. entered into an Agreement for the Purchase and Sale of Future
Receipts, as amended (the Future Receipts Agreement with a commercial lender (the Buyer pursuant to which
the Buyer purchased Purchased Amount in future receipts of the Company at the discount price of .
The Future Receipts Agreement was effective as of January 23, 2024. The Purchased Amount is remitted in weekly installments in the amount
of until the Purchased Amount has been satisfied. The Company is not paying an interest rate and there is no specified duration
whereby the payment schedule expires. The Company may prepay the Purchased Amount within 30 calendar days by tendering the amount of
 . 

On
January 29, 2024, the Board approved a (the Reverse Stock Split of the Common Stock by unanimous
written consent dated January 22, 2024 (the Written Consent which became effective February 9, 2024. 

On
February 8, 2024, AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc. entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the
 SPA ), as subsequently amended, with Alpha Capital Anstalt Alpha ), pursuant to which Alpha
purchased shares of the Company s Series F 5 Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series F Convertible Preferred and warrants. The SPA provides that Alpha has the right, subject to certain conditions,
including shareholder approval, to purchase up to an additional of shares of Series F Convertible Preferred and Warrants
in minimum aggregate subscription tranches of . In addition, the Company and Alpha entered into an Amendment Agreement
to the SPA (the Series F Amendment Agreement to lower the minimum aggregate subscription amount from to . 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Note
18 Subsequent Events- Continued 

In
conjunction, the Company and Alpha, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Company issued to Alpha an 
original issue discount promissory note (the Original Note in the aggregate principal amount of . As disclosed
in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, the Company and Alpha amended the Original
Note on August 14, 2023 (the Note Amendment Agreement increasing the principal amount of the Original Note to ,
and modifying the timing of, and cure periods for, an Event of Default (defined in the Original Note) under the Original Note. As disclosed
in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2023 (the October 2023 Form 8-K ), the Company and Alpha amended the
Original Note on October 5, 2023 (the Second Amendment ), which among other things, increased the principal amount of the
Original Note by and deferred payments and amortization payments due pursuant to the Original Note. 

Simultaneously,
on February 8, 2024, the Company and Alpha entered into a Securities Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement ), pursuant
to which the parties agreed to exchange the Original Note for a Convertible Note due January 8, 2024 in the principal amount of 
(the Convertible Note ), convertible into Common Stock at the initial conversion price of per share of Common Stock,
subject to adjustment based on the effectiveness of the Company s anticipated reverse stock split, as described therein. 

On
February 8, 2024, AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc. filed a Certificate
of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation, as amended to date (the Charter ),
 effecting a (the Reverse Stock Split of the Company s common stock, par value
 per share (the Common Stock (the Reverse Split Amendment ). The Reverse Split Amendment was approved
by the Board of the Directors of the Company (the Board and became effective on February 9, 2024. 

On
February 9, 2024, after the reverse stock split, the outstanding common stock balance became from approximately million. 

On
February 15, 2024, AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc. announced the appointment of William Bill Irby to serve as president of the Company, effective as of February 12, 2024. 

On March 6, 2024, AgEagle
Aerial Systems Inc. entered into a letter agreement with Dawson James Securities, Inc. Dawson pursuant to which
Dawson has agreed to serve, on an exclusive basis for a period of four months, as the sole placement agent for the Company, in connection
with the offering of equity securities and equity-linked securities of the Company, including any restructuring, exercise and/or conversion
solicitation and/or renegotiating the terms of any warrants to purchase shares of common stock, par value per share (the Common
Stock and the solicitation of exercise of any additional investment right with respect to Securities of the Company. 

Pursuant
to the Engagement Agreement, the Company will pay a cash fee equal to and issue to Dawson warrants to purchase such number
of shares of Common Stock, equal to 10 of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in the Offerings. These Placement
Agent Warrants will have the same terms as any warrants included in any Offering except that such Placement Agent Warrants will have a
five year term, an exercise price equal to of the offering price per share and will not include any anti-dilution protection
provisions in connection with a subsequent equity issuance, or otherwise. 

Additionally,
on March 6, 2024, the Company entered into a warrant exercise agreement with several institutional investors Investors holding warrants issued to such Investors pursuant a securities purchase agreement, dated as of June 5, 2023 in connection with a private
placement (the Existing Warrants ). The Exercise Agreement provides that for those Investors who exercise their Existing
Warrants they will receive a reduction in the Exercise Price (as defined in the Existing Warrants) of per share of Common Stock.
The shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Existing Warrants were registered pursuant to a registration statement on Form
S-1 File No. 333-273332 and declared effective on July 27, 2023. The Company will receive up to from the exercise of the Existing
Warrants. As a result of the Exercise Agreement, the conversion price of the Series F Convertible Preferred was reduced to 0.60 per share. 

On
March 6, 2024, in connection with the Assigned Rights, the Company received Investor Notices from Alpha and the Assignees for the aggregate
purchase of shares of Series F Convertible Preferred convertible into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of 
and warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock (the Warrants an exercise price of per share
for an aggregate purchase price of . The Warrants will be immediately exercisable upon issuance and have a three-year term . 

On
March 7, 2024, AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc. announced the appointment of Malcolm Bradley Frost to serve as
a Board Director of the Company, effective as of March 1, 2024. 

As
of March 31, 2024, Alpha has converted 
shares of Preferred Stock Series F into 
shares of Common Stock, post reverse split. In addition, on February 16, 2024, Alpha converted 
worth of principle of the Promissory Note into 
shares of Common Stock, post reverse split. 

F- 54 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

EXHIBIT
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

The
following summary description is based on the provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate
of Incorporation ), our Amended and Restated Bylaws, (the Bylaws ), and the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised
Statutes (the NRS ). This information may not be complete in all respects and is qualified entirely by reference to the
provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the NRS. Our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws are filed as
exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description is filed as Exhibit 4.1. 

General 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 275,000,000 shares, consisting of 250,000,000 shares of common stock par value .001 per share,
and 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value .001 per share, of which none are currently outstanding. Only our shares of common
stock are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Common
Stock 

Voting
Rights 

Each
holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders.
Any action other than the election of directors shall be authorized by a majority of the votes cast, except where the NRS prescribes
a different percentage of votes and/or exercise of voting power. 

Dividend
Rights 

Subject
to the rights of the holders of preferred stock, the holders of outstanding common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds
legally available at the times and in the amounts that the Board of Directors may determine. 

No
Preemptive or Similar Rights 

Holders
of our common stock do not have preemptive rights and shares of our common stock are not convertible or redeemable. 

Right
to Receive Liquidation Distributions 

Subject
to the rights of the holders of preferred stock, as discussed below, upon our dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, our assets legally
available for distribution to our stockholders are distributable ratably among the holders of common stock. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock
in one or more series and to fix the number, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences and
privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and sinking
fund terms, and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, any or all of which may be greater than
the rights of common stock. The issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and
the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred
stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control or other corporate action. Our Board of Directors
has previously designated (i) no shares have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) 1,764 shares have been designated as Series
B Preferred Stock, (ii) 10,000 shares have been designated as Series C Preferred Stock and (iii) 2,000 shares have been designated as
Series D Preferred Stock and 1,050 shares have been designated as Series E. In June 2022, our board of directors designated a new series
of Preferred Stock, the Series F 5 Preferred Convertible Stock Series F ), and authorized the sale and issuance of up
to 35,000 shares of Series F. In a registered direct offering on June 26, 2022, the Company issued and sold to an existing shareholder
10,000 shares of Series F. 

For
the twelve months ending December 31, 2022, Alpha converted 4,137 shares of Preferred Stock Series F into Common Stock, with 5,863 shares
of Series F remaining outstanding as of year-end 2022. 

For
the twelve months ending December 31, 2023, Alpha converted an additional 2,938 shares of Preferred Stock Series F into Common Stock,
with 2,925 shares of Series F remaining outstanding as of current year-end. 

On
March 9, 2023, the Company issued and sold to the same shareholder an additional 3,000 shares of Preferred Stock Series F. As of the
current year-end, there were no conversions related to these additional shares. 

On
November 15, 2023, the Company issued and sold an additional 1,850 shares of Preferred Stock Series F to the same shareholder above and
three additional shareholders. For the twelve months ending December 31, 2023, 1,700 shares of Preferred Stock were converted into 17,000,000
of Common Stock with a remaining balance of 150 shares of Preferred Stock Series F. 

On
January 8, 2024, the shareholder converted 200 shares of Series F Preferred into 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock. As of the date hereof,
such shareholder holds 5,725 shares of Series F Preferred. Accordingly, as of January 18, 2024, the Company had 5,875 shares of Series
F Preferred outstanding. 

On March 6, 2024, the Company entered into
a letter agreement with Dawson as the sole placement agent for the Company, in connection with the offering of equity securities and equity-linked
securities of the Company. The Company paid a cash fee of 68,862.04 and warrants to purchase 136,861 shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price of 1.51 per share, will have a five (5) year term, an exercise price equal to 125 of the offering price per share and will not
include any anti-dilution protection provisions in connection with a subsequent equity issuance, or otherwise. 

On
March 6, 2024, the Company received Investor Notices from Alpha and certain assignees for the aggregate purchase of 1,000 shares of
Series F Convertible Preferred convertible into 829,394 shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of 1.2057 and warrants to
purchase up to 829,394 shares of Common Stock an exercise price of 1.2057 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 1,000,000. 

On March 6, 2024, the Company entered into a warrant exercise agreement (the Exercise Agreement with
several institutional investors Investors holding warrants issued to such Investors pursuant to the securities purchase
agreement, dated June 5, 2023 (the Existing Warrants ). The Exercise Agreement provides that for those Investors who exercise
their Existing Warrants they will receive a reduction in the Exercise Price (as defined in the Existing Warrants) to 0.60 per share of
Common Stock. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Existing Warrants were registered pursuant to a registration statement
on Form S-1 File No. 333-273332 and declared effective on July 27, 2023. The Company received 497,700.60 from the exercise of the Existing
Warrants. 

Listing 

Our
common stock is listed on The NYSE American LLC under the symbol UAVS. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is EQ Shareowner Services. Its address is 3200 Cherry Creek South Drive, Suite 430,
Denver, Colorado 80209. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

1. 
 AgEagle Aerial, Inc., a Nevada Corporation 
 
 2. 
 EnerJex Kansas, Inc., a Nevada Corporation 
 
 3. 
 MicaSense, Inc, a Nevada Corporation 
 
 4. 
 Measure Global, Inc, a Nevada Corporation 

5. 

senseFly Inc., a Delaware Corporation 
 
 6. 
 senseFly S.A., a Swiss Corporation 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
 William Irby , certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023, of AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 27, 2024 
 /s/ William Irby 

William Irby 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
 Adrienne Anderson , certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023, of AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 27, 2024 
 /s/ Adrienne Anderson 

Adrienne Anderson 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of AgEagle Aerial Systems, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K/A pursuant for the year ended
December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Grant Begley,
Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
November 27, 2024 

/s/ William Irby 

William Irby 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of AgEagle Aerial Systems, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December
31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark DiSiena, Chief
Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
November 27, 2024 

/s/ Adrienne Anderson 

Adrienne Anderson 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 8
 ex97-1.htm

Exhibit
97.1 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. 

CLAWBACK
POLICY 

Introduction 

The
Board of Directors (the Board of AGEAGLE AERIAL SYSTEMS INC. (the Company believes that it
is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes integrity and accountability
and that reinforces the Company s pay-for-performance compensation philosophy. The Board has therefore adopted this policy which
provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance
with financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws (the Policy ). This Policy is designed to
comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), the rules and amendments adopted
by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to implement the aforementioned legislation, and the listing
standards of the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 

Administration 

This
Policy shall be administered by the Board or, if so designated by the Board, the Compensation Committee, in which case references herein
to the Board shall be deemed references to the Compensation Committee. Any determinations made by the Board shall be final and binding
on all affected individuals. 

Covered
Executives 

This
Policy applies to the Company s current and former executive officers, as determined by the Board in accordance with Section 10D
of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed,
and such other senior executives/employees who may from time to time be deemed subject to the Policy by the Board Covered
Executives ). 

Recoupment;
Accounting Restatement 

In
the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company s material
noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, the Board will require reimbursement or forfeiture
of any excess Incentive Compensation (as defined below) received by any Covered Executive during the three completed fiscal years immediately
preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement. 

Incentive
Compensation 

For
purposes of this Policy, Incentive Compensation means any of the following; provided that, such compensation is granted, earned, or vested
based wholly or in part on the attainment of a financial reporting measure: 

Annual
 bonuses and other short- and long-term cash incentives. 

Stock
 options. 

Stock
 appreciation rights. 

Restricted
 stock. 

Restricted
 stock units. 

Performance
 shares. 

Performance
 units. 

Financial
reporting measures are measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the
Company s financial statements, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures and may include, among other
things, any of the following: 

Company
 stock price. 

Total
 stockholder return. 

Revenues. 

Net
 income. 

Earnings
 before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA). 

Funds
 from operations. 

Liquidity
 measures such as working capital or operating cash flow. 

Return
 measures such as return on invested capital or return on assets. 

Earnings
 measures such as earnings per share. 

Non-GAAP
 financial measures for purposes of Exchange Act Regulation G and 17CFR 229.10. 

Excess
Incentive Compensation: Amount Subject to Recovery 

The
amount to be recovered will be the excess of the Incentive Compensation paid to the Covered Executive based on the erroneous data over
the Incentive Compensation that would have been paid to the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated results, as determined
by the Board. 

If
the Board cannot determine the amount of excess Incentive Compensation received by the Covered Executive directly from the information
in the accounting restatement, then it will make its determination based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement
on the applicable measure. 

Method
of Recoupment 

The
Board will determine, in its sole discretion, the method for recouping Incentive Compensation hereunder which may include, without limitation: 

(a)
requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive Compensation previously paid; 

 (b)
seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based
awards; 

 (c)
offsetting the recouped amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive; 

 (d))
cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards; and/or 

 (e)
taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Board. 

No
Indemnification 

The
Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executives against the loss of any incorrectly awarded Incentive Compensation. 

Interpretation 

The
Board is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the
administration of this Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of
Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national
securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 

Effective
Date 

This
Policy shall apply to any excess Incentive Compensation received by Covered Executives during the three immediately completed fiscal
years preceding the date on which a company is required to prepare an accounting restatement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Policy
shall be effective as of October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date and shall apply to Incentive Compensation that is
approved, awarded or granted to Covered Executives on or after that date. 

Amendment;
Termination 

The
Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect final regulations
adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 10D of the Exchange Act and to comply with any rules or standards adopted
by a national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. The Board may terminate this Policy at any time. 

Other
Recoupment Rights 

The
Board intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Board may require that any employment agreement,
equity award agreement, or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit
thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in
addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms
of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available
to the Company. 

Impracticability 

The
Board shall recover any excess Incentive Compensation in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable, as
determined by the Board in accordance with Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the national securities exchange
on which the Company s securities are listed. 

Successors 

This
Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other
legal representatives. 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-97.2>
 9
 ex97-2.htm

Exhibit 97.2 

</EX-97.2>

<EX-97.3>
 10
 ex97-3.htm

Exhibit
97.3 

AGEAGLE
AERIAL SYSTEMS, INC. 

 WHISTLEBLOWER
POLICY 

General 

AgEagle
Aerial Systems, Inc. s Code of Ethics Code requires directors, officers and employees to observe high standards
of business and personal ethics in the conduct of their duties and responsibilities. As employees and representatives of the Company,
we must practice honesty and integrity in fulfilling our responsibilities and comply with all applicable laws and regulations. 

Reporting
Responsibility 

It
is the responsibility of all directors, officers and employees to comply with the Code and to report violations or suspected violations
in accordance with the Whistleblower Policy. 

No
Retaliation 

No
director, officer or employee who in good faith reports a violation of the Code shall suffer harassment, retaliation or adverse employment
consequence. An employee who retaliates against someone who has reported a violation in good faith is subject to discipline up to and
including termination of employment. This Whistleblower Policy is intended to encourage and enable employees and others to raise serious
concerns within the Company prior to seeking resolution outside of the Company. 

Reporting
Violations 

The
Code addresses the Company s open door policy and suggests that employees share their questions, concerns, suggestions or complaints
with someone who can address them properly. In most cases, an employee s supervisor is in the best position to address an area
of concern. However, if you are not comfortable speaking with your supervisor or you are not satisfied with your supervisor s response,
you are encouraged to speak with the Company s Chief Financial Officer or anyone in management whom you are comfortable approaching.
Supervisors and managers are required to report suspected violations of the Code of Conduct to the CFO, who has specific and exclusive
responsibility to investigate all reported violations. For suspected fraud, or when you are not satisfied or uncomfortable with following
the Company s open door policy, individuals should contact the CFO directly. 

Compliance
Officer 

The
Company s Chief Financial Officer shall serve as the Compliance Officer, who is charged with the responsibility of investigating
and resolving all reported complaints and allegations concerning violations of the Code and, at his discretion, shall advise the Board
of Directors. 

Accounting
and Auditing Matters 

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors shall address all reported concerns or complaints regarding corporate accounting practices,
internal controls or auditing. The CFO shall immediately notify the Audit Committee of any such complaint and work with the Committee
until the matter is resolved. 

Acting
in Good Faith 

Anyone
filing a complaint concerning a violation or suspected violation of the Code must be acting in good faith and have reasonable grounds
for believing the information disclosed indicates a violation of the Code. Any allegations that prove not to be substantiated and which
prove to have been made maliciously or knowingly to be false will be viewed as a serious disciplinary offense. 

Confidentiality 

Violations
or suspected violations may be submitted on a confidential basis by the complainant or may be submitted anonymously. Reports of violations
or suspected violations will be kept confidential to the extent possible, consistent with the need to conduct an adequate investigation. 

Handling
of Reported Violations 

The
CFO will notify the sender and acknowledge receipt of the reported violation or suspected violation within five business days. All reports
will be promptly investigated, and appropriate corrective action will be taken if warranted by the investigation. 

#### 

Page 1 of 1 

</EX-97.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 uavs-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 uavs-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 uavs-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 uavs-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

