<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1854401_0001854401-24-000093.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11744314</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>223920</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1879474</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4165865</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2824939</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2442591</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001854401-24-000093.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107161627
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001854401-24-000093
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001854401
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40622
		FILM NUMBER:		241436009

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 EAST SEGO LILY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84070
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(801) 506-1463

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 EAST SEGO LILY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84070

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001854401-24-000093.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 brdg-20240930.htm
 10-Q

brdg-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from________to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code): 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer o x Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 As of November 5, 2024, the registrant had shares of Class A common stock 0.01 par value per share) outstanding and shares of Class B common stock 0.01 par value per share) outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 2 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 5 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 5 
 BRIDGE INVESTMENT GROUP HOLDINGS INC. 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 77 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 78 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 80 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 80 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 80 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 80 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 80 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 80 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 80 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 81 
 SIGNATURES 
 82 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), about, among other things, our operations, taxes, earnings and financial performance, and dividends. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this report may be forward-looking statements. Statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, including, among others, statements regarding expected growth, future capital expenditures, fund performance and debt service obligations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as outlook, indicator, may, will, should, expects, plans, seek, anticipates, plan, forecasts, could, intends, targets, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, assumptions and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and beyond our ability to control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results, performance or achievements may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. If one or more events related to these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from what we anticipate. 
 These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this quarterly report and are subject to a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including those described in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this report and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 7, 2024. 
 You should read this quarterly report and the documents that we reference in this quarterly report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. 
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 As used in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, unless the context otherwise requires, references to: 
 we, us, our, the Company, Bridge, Bridge Investment Group and similar references refer: (1) following the consummation of the Transactions, including our initial public offering IPO ), to Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc., and, unless otherwise stated, all of its subsidiaries, including Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC (the Operating Company and, unless otherwise stated, all of the Operating Company s subsidiaries, and (2) prior to the completion of the IPO, to the Operating Company and, unless otherwise stated, all of the Operating Company s subsidiaries and the Contributed Bridge GPs. 
 assets under management or AUM refers to the assets we manage. Our AUM represents the sum of (a) the fair value of the assets of the funds and vehicles we manage, plus (b) the contractual amount of any uncalled capital commitments to those funds and vehicles (including our commitments to the funds and vehicles and those of Bridge affiliates). Our AUM is not reduced by any outstanding indebtedness or other accrued but unpaid liabilities of the assets we manage. Our calculations of AUM and fee-earning AUM may differ from the calculations of other investment managers. As a result, these measures may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other investment managers. In addition, our calculation of AUM (but not fee-earning AUM) includes uncalled commitments to (and the fair value of the assets in) the funds and vehicles we manage from Bridge and Bridge affiliates, regardless of whether such commitments or investments are subject to fees. Our definition of AUM is not based on any definition contained in the agreements governing the funds and vehicles we manage or advise. 
 BIGRM refers to Bridge Investment Group Risk Management, Inc. BIGRM is incorporated in the State of Utah and is licensed under the Utah State Captive Insurance Companies Act. 
 Bridge GPs refers to the following entities: 
 Bridge Agency MBS Fund GP LLC BAMBS GP 
 2 

Bridge Debt Strategies Fund II GP LLC BDS II GP 
 Bridge Debt Strategies Fund III GP LLC BDS III GP 
 Bridge Debt Strategies Fund IV GP LLC BDS IV GP 
 Bridge Debt Strategies Fund V GP LLC BDS V GP 
 Bridge Logistics Developer GP LLC BLD GP 
 Bridge Logistics U.S. Venture I GP LLC BLV I GP 
 Bridge Logistics Value Fund II GP LLC BLV II GP 
 Bridge Multifamily CV GP LLC BMF CV GP 
 Bridge Multifamily Fund IV GP LLC BMF IV GP 
 Bridge Multifamily Fund V GP LLC BMF V GP 
 Bridge Net Lease Income Fund GP LLC BNLI GP 
 Bridge Office Fund GP LLC BOF I GP 
 Bridge Office Fund II GP LLC BOF II GP 
 Bridge Office Fund III GP LLC BOF III GP 
 Bridge Opportunity Zone Fund GP LLC BOZ I GP 
 Bridge Opportunity Zone Fund II GP LLC BOZ II GP 
 Bridge Opportunity Zone Fund III GP LLC BOZ III GP 
 Bridge Opportunity Zone Fund IV GP LLC BOZ IV GP 
 Bridge Opportunity Zone Fund V GP LLC BOZ V GP 
 Bridge Opportunity Zone Fund VI GP LLC BOZ VI GP 
 Bridge Seniors Housing Medical Properties Fund GP LLC BSH I GP 
 Bridge Seniors Housing Medical Properties Fund II GP LLC BSH II GP 
 Bridge Seniors Housing Fund III GP LLC BSH III GP 
 Bridge Single-Family Rental Fund IV GP LLC BSFR IV GP 
 Bridge Single-Family Rental Fund V GP LLC BSFR V GP 
 Bridge Solar Energy Development Fund GP LLC BSED GP 
 Bridge Workforce and Affordable Housing Fund GP LLC BWH I GP 
 Bridge Workforce and Affordable Housing Fund II GP LLC BWH II GP 
 Bridge Workforce and Affordable Housing Fund III GP LLC BWH III GP 
 Newbury Equity Partners VI GP LLC NEP VI GP 
 Class A common stock refers to the Class A common stock, 0.01 par value per share, of the Company. 
 Class A Units refers to the Class A common units of the Operating Company. 
 Class B common stock refers to the Class B common stock, 0.01 par value per share, of the Company. 
 Class B Units refers to the Class B common units of the Operating Company. 
 Continuing Equity Owners refers collectively to direct or indirect holders of Class A Units and Class B common stock who may exchange at each of their respective options (subject in certain circumstances to time-based vesting requirements and certain other restrictions), in whole or in part from time to time, their Class A Units (along with an equal number of shares of Class B common stock (and such shares shall be immediately cancelled)) for, at our election, cash or newly issued shares of Class A common stock. 
 3 

Contributed Bridge GPs refers to the following entities: 
 BOF I GP 
 BOF II GP 
 BSH I GP 
 BSH II GP 
 BSH III GP 
 BOZ I GP 
 BOZ II GP 
 BOZ III GP 
 BOZ IV GP 
 BMF III GP 
 BMF IV GP 
 BWH I GP 
 BWH II GP 
 BDS II GP 
 BDS III GP 
 BDS IV GP 
 fee-earning AUM refers to the assets we manage from which we earn management fee or other revenue. 
 IPO refers to the initial public offering of shares of the Company s Class A common stock. 
 LLC Interests refers to the Class A Units and the Class B Units. 
 Operating Company, Bridge Investment Group LLC and Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC refer to Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which was converted to a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware from a Utah limited liability company formerly named Bridge Investment Group LLC in connection with the IPO. 
 Original Equity Owners refers to the owners of LLC Interests in the Operating Company, collectively, prior to the IPO. 
 Transactions refers to the IPO and certain organizational transactions that were effected in connection with the IPO, and the application of the net proceeds therefrom. Refer to Note 1, Organization, to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a description of the Transactions. 
 4 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 BRIDGE INVESTMENT GROUP HOLDINGS INC. 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets (Unaudited) (Audited) Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Marketable securities, at fair value Receivables from affiliates Notes receivable from affiliates Other assets Other investments Accrued performance allocations Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets, net Total assets Liabilities and equity Accrued performance allocations compensation Accrued compensation and benefits Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to affiliates General Partner Notes Payable, at fair value Insurance loss reserves Self-insurance reserves Line of credit Other liabilities Notes payable Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Shareholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, authorized; issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Class A common stock, par value, authorized; and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value, authorized; and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. equity Non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC Non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

BRIDGE INVESTMENT GROUP HOLDINGS INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Fund management fees Property management and leasing fees Construction management fees Development fees Transaction fees Fund administration fees Insurance premiums Other asset management and property income Total revenues Investment income (loss): Incentive fees Performance allocations: Realized Unrealized ) ) ) Earnings from investments in real estate Total investment income (loss) ) ) ) Expenses: Employee compensation and benefits Incentive fee compensation Performance allocations compensation: Realized Unrealized ) Loss and loss adjustment expenses Third-party operating expenses General and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Total expenses Other (expense) income: Realized and unrealized (losses) gains, net ) ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Total other expense ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before provision for income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC 
 ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC ) Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. ) Net income (loss) attributable to Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. ) Earnings (loss) per share of Class A common stock (Note 20) 
 Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding (Note 20) 
 Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

BRIDGE INVESTMENT GROUP HOLDINGS INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC ) Less: comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

BRIDGE INVESTMENT GROUP HOLDINGS INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings / (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interest in Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC Non-controlling Interest in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. Total Equity Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Exchange of Class A Units for Class A common stock including the deferred tax effect and amounts payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement ) ) Capital contributions from non-controlling interests Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures ) Distributions ) ) ) Dividends on Class A Common Stock/Units, per share 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Reallocation of equity ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained 
 Earnings / (Accumulated Deficit) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interest in Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC Non-controlling Interest in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. Total Equity Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Conversion of profit interest awards ) ) Exchange of Class A Units for Class A common stock including the deferred tax effect and amounts payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement ) ) ) Capital contributions from non-controlling interests Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures Distributions ) ) ) Dividends on Class A Common Stock/Units, per share 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Reallocation of equity ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

BRIDGE INVESTMENT GROUP HOLDINGS INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings / (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interest in Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC Non-controlling Interest in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. Total Equity Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Exchange of Class A Units for Class A common stock including the deferred tax effect and amounts payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement ) ) ) Capital contributions from non-controlling interests Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures Distributions ) ) ) Dividends on Class A Common Stock/Units, per share 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Reallocation of equity ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained 
 Earnings / (Accumulated Deficit) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interest in Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC Non-controlling Interest in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. Total Equity Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) Conversion of profit interest awards Exchange of Class A Units for Class A common stock including the deferred tax effect and amounts payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement ) ) ) Fair value of non-controlling interest in acquired business Capital contributions from non-controlling interests Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures ) Distributions ) ) ) Dividends on Class A Common Stock/Units, per share 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Reallocation of equity ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

BRIDGE INVESTMENT GROUP HOLDINGS INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of financing costs and debt discount and premium Share-based compensation Equity in income of investments Changes in unrealized loss on General Partner Notes Payable 
 ) ) Non-cash lease amortization ) Reserve for credit losses Unrealized performance allocations Unrealized accrued performance allocations compensation ) Change in deferred income taxes ) ) Other non-cash adjustments Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivable from affiliates ) Prepaid and other assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Accrued payroll and benefits Other liabilities Insurance loss and self-insurance reserves Accrued performance allocations compensation ) Due to affiliates ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of investments ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments Distributions from investments Sale of marketable securities Issuance of notes receivable ) ) Proceeds from collections on notes receivable Purchase of tenant improvements, furniture and equipment ) ) Cash paid for acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Capital contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Repayments of General Partner Notes Payable ) Dividends paid on Class A common stock ) ) Proceeds from revolving line of credit Payments on revolving line of credit ) ) Borrowings on private notes Payments of deferred financing costs ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - end of period 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 10 

BRIDGE INVESTMENT GROUP HOLDINGS INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited), Continued 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities: Establishment of lease liabilities in exchange for lease right-of-use assets Write down of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for lease terminations ) Conversion of note receivable to equity interest investment Deferred tax effect resulting from exchange of Class A Units under Tax Receivable Agreement Deferred tax effect from conversion of profits interests awards Non-controlling interest assumed in business combination Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 11 

BRIDGE INVESTMENT GROUP HOLDINGS INC. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 of the Class B common units Class B Units (voting only). The Company acts as the sole managing member of the Operating Company and, as a result, indirectly operates and controls all of the Operating Company s business and affairs and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. As a result, the Company consolidates the financial results of the Operating Company and reports non-controlling interests related to the Class A Units. The assets and liabilities of the Operating Company represent substantially all of the Company s consolidated assets and liabilities, with the exception of certain deferred income taxes and payables due to affiliates pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement. Refer to Note 14, Income Taxes, for additional information. As of September 30, 2024, the Company held approximately of the economic interest in the Operating Company. To the extent the Operating Company s other members exchange their Class A Units into our Class A common stock in the future, the Company s economic interest in the Operating Company will increase. 
 The Operating Company is the controlling entity, through its wholly owned subsidiary Bridge Fund Management Holdings LLC, of the following investment manager entities, which we refer to collectively as the Fund Managers: Bridge Multifamily Fund Manager LLC, Bridge Seniors Housing Fund Manager LLC BSHM ), Bridge Debt Strategies Fund Manager LLC, Bridge Office Fund Manager LLC BOFM ), Bridge Development Fund Manager LLC, Bridge Agency MBS Fund Manager LLC, Bridge Net Lease Fund Manager LLC, Bridge Logistics Properties Fund Manager LLC, Bridge Single-Family Rental Fund Manager LLC, Bridge Renewable Energy Fund Manager LLC and Newbury Partners-Bridge LLC (together, the Fund Managers ). The Fund Managers provide investment advisory services to multiple investment funds and other vehicles, including joint ventures, separately managed accounts and privately offered limited partnerships, including any parallel investment vehicles and feeder funds (collectively, the funds ). Certain Fund Managers also provide real estate services to applicable funds. The Operating Company is entitled to a pro rata portion of the management fees earned by the Fund Managers based on its ownership in the Fund Managers, which ranges from to . 
 Each time we establish a new fund, we establish a new general partner for that fund (each, a General Partner and collectively the Bridge GPs controlled by the Operating Company and, in some cases, by senior management of the applicable vertical. Under the terms of the fund operating agreements, the General Partners are entitled to performance fees from the funds once certain threshold returns are achieved for the limited partners. 
 12 

Class A Units and a like amount of Class B Units of the Operating Company and (4) appoint the Company as the sole managing member of the Operating Company upon its acquisition of Class A Units and Class B Units LLC Interests 
 The Company amended and restated its certificate of incorporation to, among other things, provide for (1) the recapitalization of the Company s outstanding shares of existing common stock into share of our Class A common stock, (2) the authorization of additional shares of our Class A common stock, with each share of our Class A common stock entitling its holder to vote per share on all matters presented to the Company s stockholders generally and (3) the authorization of shares of our Class B common stock, with each share of our Class B common stock entitling its holder to votes per share on all matters presented to the Company s stockholders generally, and that shares of our Class B common stock may only be held by such direct and indirect holders of Class A Units and our Class B common stock as may exchange at each of their respective options (subject in certain circumstances to time-based vesting requirements and certain other restrictions), in whole or in part from time to time, their Class A Units (along with an equal number of shares of our Class B common stock (and such shares shall be immediately cancelled)) for, at our election, cash or newly issued shares of our Class A common stock, and their respective permitted transferees (collectively, the Continuing Equity Owners 
 A series of transactions were effectuated such that, among other things, direct and indirect owners of interests in the Operating Company, various fund manager entities, and certain Bridge GPs (the Contributed Bridge GPs contributed all or part of their respective interests to the Operating Company for shares of our Class B common stock and Class A Units, a portion of which were further contributed to the Company in exchange for shares of our Class A common stock; and 
 The Company entered into (1) a stockholders agreement with certain of the Continuing Equity Owners (including each of our then executive officers), (2) a registration rights agreement with certain of the Continuing Equity Owners (including each of our then executive officers) and (3) a tax receivable agreement with the Operating Company and the Continuing Equity Owners, as amended and restated (the Tax Receivable Agreement or TRA ). 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On July 20, 2021, the Company completed its IPO, in which it sold shares of our Class A common stock at a public offering price of per share receiving approximately million in net proceeds, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. The net proceeds from the IPO were used to purchase newly issued Class A Units from the Operating Company at a price per unit equal to the IPO price per share of our Class A common stock in the IPO, less the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. The Operating Company used net proceeds from the public offering to pay approximately million in cash to redeem certain of the Class A Units held directly or indirectly by certain of the owners of LLC Interests in the Operating Company, prior to the IPO (collectively, Original Equity Owners ). Refer to Note 15, Shareholders Equity, for additional information. 
 In connection with the IPO, owners of the Contributed Bridge GPs contributed to of their interests in the respective Contributed Bridge GPs in exchange for LLC Interests in the Operating Company. Prior to the IPO, the Operating Company did not have any direct interest in the Contributed Bridge GPs. These combined financial statements prior to the IPO include of the operations of the Contributed Bridge GPs for the periods presented on the basis of common control. 
 13 

shares of our Class A common stock. The Company used of the net proceeds of approximately million, after taking into account the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses, to purchase newly issued Class A Units directly from the Operating Company, at a price per Class A Unit equal to the IPO price per share of our Class A common stock in the IPO, less the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Operating Company used all of the net proceeds from the sale of Class A Units to the Company related to this over-allotment option to redeem certain of the Class A Units held directly or indirectly by certain of the Original Equity Owners. 
 Prior to the IPO, the Operating Company and the then-existing Bridge GPs were under common control by the Original Equity Owners (the Common Control Group ). The Original Equity Owners had the ability to control the Operating Company and each applicable Bridge GP and manage and operate these entities through the Fund Managers, a common board of directors, common ownership, and shared resources and facilities. The Operating Company and the then-existing Bridge GPs represented the predecessor history for the consolidated operations. As a result, the financial statements for the periods prior to the IPO are the combined financial statements of the Operating Company and the then-existing Bridge GPs, as applicable, as the predecessor to the Company for accounting and reporting purposes. We carried forward unchanged the value of the related assets and liabilities recognized in the Contributed Bridge GPs financial statements prior to the IPO into our financial statements. We have assessed the Contributed Bridge GPs for consolidation subsequent to the Transactions and IPO and have concluded that the Contributed Bridge GPs represent variable interests for which the Operating Company is the primary beneficiary. As a result, the Operating Company consolidates the Contributed Bridge GPs following the Transactions. 
 As part of the Transactions, the Operating Company acquired the non-controlling interest of its consolidated subsidiaries BSHM and BOFM, which was accounted for as an equity transaction with no gain or loss recognized in the combined statement of operations. The carrying amounts of the non-controlling interest in BSHM and BOFM were adjusted to . 
 
 2. 
 
 14 

15 

Refer to Note 7, Fair Value Measurements for additional information. 
 16 

17 

lag. Distributions of operating profits from equity method investments are reported as operating activities, while distributions in excess of operating profits are reported as investing activities in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows under the cumulative earnings approach. 
 Changes in fair value of equity method investments are recorded as realized and unrealized gains (losses) in other income (expense) on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Impairment of Investments 
 Evaluation of impairment applies to equity method investments and equity investments under the measurement alternative. If indicators of impairment exist, the Company will estimate the fair value of its investment. In assessing fair value, the Company generally considers, among others, the estimated enterprise value of the investee or fair value of the investee s underlying net assets, including net cash flows to be generated by the investee as applicable, and for equity method investees with publicly traded equity, the traded price of the equity securities in an active market. 
 For investments under the measurement alternative, if the carrying value of the investment exceeds its fair value, an impairment is deemed to have occurred. 
 
 18 

million. 
 The Company performs its annual goodwill impairment test using a qualitative and, if necessary, a quantitative approach as of October 1, or more frequently, if events and circumstances indicate that an impairment may exist. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. The initial assessment for impairment under the qualitative approach is to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, a quantitative assessment is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. The quantitative assessment includes comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the lesser of (a) the difference between the carrying amount of the reporting unit and its fair value and (b) the total carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were no indicators of goodwill impairment. 
 to years. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the intangible. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the asset. 
 19 

to months. The Fund Managers charge catch-up management fees to investors who subscribe in later closings in amounts equal to the fees they would have paid if they had been in the initial closing (plus interest as if the investor had subscribed in the initial closing). Catch-up management fees are recognized in the period in which the limited partner subscribes to the fund. Providing investment management services requires the Company to arrange for services on behalf of its customers. In those situations where the Company is acting as an agent on behalf of the investors of Bridge funds, it presents placement agent fees net against fund management fees. 
 Property Management and Leasing Fees Property management fees are earned as the related services are provided under the terms of the respective property management agreements. Included in management fees are certain expense reimbursements where the Company is considered the principal under the agreements and is required to record the expense and related reimbursement revenue on a gross basis. The Company also earns revenue associated with the leasing of commercial assets. The revenue is recognized upon the execution of the lease agreement. 
 Construction Management Fees Construction management fees are earned as the services are provided under the terms of the property management agreement with each property. 
 Development Fees Development fees are earned as the services are provided under the terms of the development agreement with each asset. 
 Transaction Fees The Company earns transaction fees associated with the due diligence related to the acquisition of assets and financing of assets. The fees are recognized upon the acquisition of the asset or origination of the mortgage or other debt, as applicable. 
 Fund Administration Fees The Company earns fund administration fees as services are provided under the terms of the respective fund administration agreement. Fund administration fees include a fixed annual amount plus a percentage of invested or deployed capital. Fund administration fees also include investor services fees, which are based on an annual fee per investor. Fees are earned as services are provided and are recognized on a straight-line basis. 
 Insurance Premiums BIGRM insures multifamily and commercial properties owned by the funds. BIGRM insures direct risks including lease security deposit fulfillment, lessor legal liability, workers compensation deductible, property deductible and general liability deductible reimbursements. Tenant liability premiums are earned monthly. Deposit eliminator premiums are earned in the month that they are written. Workers compensation and property deductible premiums are earned over the terms of the policy period. 
 
 20 

21 

Refer to Note 19, Share-Based Compensation and Profits Interests, for additional information. 

22 

of the amount of tax benefits, if any, that the Company actually realizes (or in some circumstances is deemed to realize) as a result of (1) increases in the Company s allocable share of the tax basis of the Operating Company s assets resulting from (a) the Company s purchase of Class A Units directly from the Operating Company and the partial redemption of Class A Units by the Operating Company in connection with the IPO, (b) future redemptions or exchanges (or deemed exchanges in certain circumstances) of Class A Units for our Class A common stock or cash and (c) certain distributions (or deemed distributions) by the Operating Company; (2) the Company s allocable share of the existing tax basis of the Operating Company s assets at the time of any redemption or exchange of Class A Units (including in connection with the IPO), which tax basis is allocated to the Class A Units being redeemed or exchanged and acquired by the Company and (3) certain additional tax benefits arising from payments made under the TRA, including as the result of incremental value to the Company from strategic acquisitions. The Company will retain the benefit of the remaining of these net cash tax savings under the TRA. 
 business, a fully integrated real estate investment manager. The Company s chief operating decision maker, which is the executive chairman, utilizes a consolidated approach to assess financial performance and allocate resources. As such, the Company operates as business segment. 
 -for-one basis with shares of our Class A common stock. The effect of potentially dilutive securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share of our Class A common stock using the more dilutive result of the treasury stock method or the two-class method. 
 Unvested share-based payment awards, including Restricted Stock Awards and RSUs, that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends (whether paid or unpaid) are participating securities. Outstanding Class A Units are also considered participating securities. As a result of being participating securities, Restricted Stock Awards, RSUs and Class A Units are considered in the computation of earnings per share of our Class A common stock pursuant to the two-class method. 
 23 

24 

3. 
 
 Joint ventures and separately managed accounts Total fund management fees 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, PROPERTY MANAGEMENT AND LEASING FEES 2024 2023 2024 2023 Multifamily Seniors Housing Office Single-Family Rental Total property management and leasing fees 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT FEES 2024 2023 2024 2023 Multifamily Office Seniors Housing Other Total construction management fees 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, TRANSACTION FEES 2024 2023 2024 2023 Acquisition fees Brokerage fees Total transaction fees 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, no individual client represented 10 or more of the Company s total reported revenues and substantially all of the Company s revenue was derived from operations in the United States. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, of deferred revenues, which is included in other liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets for the periods then ended. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million as revenue from amounts included in the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2023. The Company expects to recognize deferred revenues within a year of the balance sheet date. 
 25 

million primarily related to receivables written off that were due from Bridge Office Fund LP BOF I ), and certain related joint ventures. The majority of the million credit loss was related to fund management fees and fund administration fees recognized in the first quarter of 2024, of which million is presented as a contra revenue in fund management fees, million is presented as a contra revenue in fund administration fees, and million is included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. The credit loss was the result of unfavorable market conditions in the commercial office sector, including the lack of available debt and equity financing and illiquidity of the underlying assets. The Company is no longer recognizing fund management fees or fund administration fees related to BOF I. 
 
 4. 
 ) Exchange traded funds Mutual funds Total marketable securities ) December 31, 2023 Common shares in publicly traded company ) Exchange traded funds Mutual funds ) Total marketable securities ) 
 
 5. 
 partnership or joint venture entities. The limited liability companies and limited partnerships in which the Company is the general partner are generally engaged directly or indirectly in the acquisition, development, operation and ownership of investments in real estate, credit, renewable energy and secondaries. The accounting principles of these entities are substantially the same as those of the Company. Additionally, the Company has direct investments in several funds, including certain Bridge-sponsored funds. 
 Other investments: Partnership interests in Company-sponsored funds (2) 
 Investments in third-party partnerships (3) 
 Other (4) 
 Total other investments 
 (1) Represents various investment accounts held by the Bridge GPs for carried interest in Bridge-sponsored funds. There is a disproportionate allocation of returns to the Company as general partner or equivalent based on the extent to which cumulative performance of the fund exceeds minimum return hurdles. Investment is valued using NAV of the respective vehicle, which are based on asset valuations one quarter in arrears. 
 (2) Partnership interests in Company-sponsored funds are valued using NAV of the respective vehicle. 
 (3) Investments in limited partnership interests in third-party private property technology venture capital firms are valued using NAV of the respective vehicle. 
 26 

The Company recognized net investment income of million and net investment loss of million related to its accrued performance allocations and other investments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, was related to accrued performance allocations recognized under the equity method. The Company recognized losses of million and million related to its accrued performance allocations and other investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, was related to accrued performance allocations recognized under the equity method. 
 Of the total accrued performance allocations balance as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million, respectively, was payable to affiliates and is included in accrued performance allocations compensation in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of the periods then ended. 
 Fair value of the accrued performance allocations is reported on a three-month lag from the fund financial statements due to timing of the information provided by the funds and third-party entities unless information is available on a more timely basis. As a result, any changes in the markets in which our managed funds operate, and the impact market conditions have on underlying asset valuations, may not yet be reflected in reported amounts. 

6. 
 Bridge Office Fund II (1) 
 Bridge Office Holdings LLC Total notes receivable from affiliates Notes receivable from employees Total notes receivable from affiliates 
 (1) In October 2024, Bridge Office Fund II repaid million of the outstanding balance on its note receivable. 
 Interest on the notes receivable from affiliates accrued at a weighted-average fixed rate of and per annum as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company determined any reserve for credit losses related to our notes receivable from affiliates were immaterial. In making this determination management considered various factors, including the impact of challenged debt and equity capital markets that have persisted throughout 2023 and 2024, which have been particularly unfavorable in the office sector. Management considered the impact of market conditions on the estimated fair values of the underlying assets, and determined the estimated fair values were sufficient to recover the corresponding notes receivable as of September 30, 2024. Management will continue to monitor the notes receivable from affiliates for potential credit losses as facts and circumstances change. 
 During 2024 and 2023, the Company executed multiple notes with employees, none of whom are executive officers or immediate family members of executive officers. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the aggregate outstanding principal amount outstanding was million and million, respectively. These employee notes receivable have staggered maturity dates beginning in 2025. Certain employee loans are interest-only for the first after origination. The employee notes receivable accrued interest at a weighted-average rate of and per annum as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 27 

million and million, respectively, of interest receivable outstanding, which is included in receivables from affiliates on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets for the periods then ended. 
 
 7. 
 28 

Exchange traded funds Mutual funds Accrued performance allocations Partnership interests Other investments Total assets at fair value Liabilities: General Partner Notes Payable December 31, 2023 Assets: Common shares in publicly traded company Exchange traded funds Mutual funds Accrued performance allocations Partnership interests Other investments Total assets at fair value Liabilities: General Partner Notes Payable 
 Purchases Sales ) Net unrealized gains (losses) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 29 

N/A Partnership interests: Company-sponsored open-end fund Company-sponsored closed-end funds Third-party closed-end funds Total partnership interests December 31, 2023: Accrued performance allocations N/A Partnership interests: Company-sponsored open-end fund Company-sponsored closed-end funds Third-party closed-end funds Total partnership interests 
 The Company can redeem its investments in the Company-sponsored open-end funds with a notice. The Company s interests in its closed-end funds are not subject to redemption, with distributions to be received through liquidation of underlying investments of the funds. The closed-end funds generally have eight - to terms, which may be extended in certain circumstances. 
 Fair Value Information of Financial Instruments Reported at Cost 
 The carrying values of cash, accounts receivable, due from and to affiliates, interest payable, and accounts payable approximate fair value due to their short-term nature and negligible credit risk. 
 As of December 31, 2023: Notes payable (private notes) 
 Fair values of the private notes were estimated by discounting expected future cash outlays at interest rates available to the Company for similar instruments. As of September 30, 2024, the discount rate range used in determining the fair value of the private notes was between and . An increase in market interest rates would decrease the estimated fair value of the private notes. 
 30 

8. 
 million paid in cash, subject to certain purchase price adjustments as set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement (the Newbury Acquisition ). 
 Liabilities assumed Total consideration Assets acquired and liabilities assumed Net tangible acquired assets Trade name (1) 
 Client relationship (1) 
 Management contracts (1) 
 Fair value of net identifiable assets acquired Non-controlling interest (1) 
 ) Goodwill (1) 
 Total assets acquired and liabilities assumed, net 
 (1) The fair value was determined using Level 3 assumptions. 
 In connection with the Newbury Acquisition, the Company expensed transaction costs of approximately million, of which million is included in general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 In connection with the Newbury Acquisition, the Company allocated million, million, and million of the purchase price to the fair value of management contracts, client relationships and trade name, respectively. The fair value of management contracts was estimated based upon estimated net cash flows generated from those contracts, discounted at , with remaining lives estimated between and years for fund management contracts. The fair value of client relationships was estimated based upon estimated net cash flows expected to be generated under future management contracts, discounted at , with a remaining estimated useful life of years. The trade name was valued using a relief-from-royalty method, based on estimated savings from an avoided royalty rate of on expected revenue discounted at , with an estimated useful life of years. 
 The carrying value of goodwill associated with Newbury was million as of the Acquisition Date and is attributable to expected synergies and the assembled workforce of Newbury. 
 As part of the Newbury Acquisition, approximately million of liabilities were assumed by the Operating Company as part of the total consideration. As of September 30, 2024, of the assumed liabilities remained outstanding. 
 31 

Net income (loss) attributable to Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. ) 
 The unaudited pro forma supplemental information is based on estimates and assumptions, which the Company believes are reasonable. These results are not necessarily indicative of the Company s consolidated financial condition or statements of operations in future periods or the results that actually would have been realized had the Company and Newbury been a combined entity during the periods presented. These pro forma amounts have been calculated after applying the following adjustments that were directly attributable to the Newbury Acquisition: 
 adjustments to reflect the exclusion of accrued performance allocation income and related compensation for certain Newbury funds that were not acquired as part of the Newbury Acquisition; 
 adjustments to include the impact of the additional amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to intangible assets had been applied on January 1, 2022, together with the consequential tax effects; 
 adjustments to reflect compensation agreements and profits interests awards granted to certain transferred employees, as if they were granted on January 1, 2022; 
 adjustments to include interest expense related to the 2023 Private Placement Notes and the draw on our Credit Facility (as defined herein) as if it had been consummated on January 1, 2022 and adjustments to exclude interest expense related to the line of credit that was not assumed by the Company in the Newbury Acquisition; 
 adjustments to reflect the tax effects of the Newbury Acquisition and the related adjustments as if Newbury had been included in the Company s results of operations as of January 1, 2022; and 
 adjustments to reflect the pro-rata economic ownership attributable to Bridge. 
 million and million of transaction costs incurred by the Company and Newbury, respectively. 
 
 9. 
 per occurrence/per property unit); 
 Lessor Legal Liability (limits per occurrence/per property unit); 
 Workers Compensation Deductible Reimbursement (limit per occurrence); 
 Property Deductible Reimbursement million per occurrence/ million policy annual aggregate); and 
 General Liability Deductible Reimbursement million in excess of per occurrence; million policy annual aggregate). 
 32 

deductible for property claims, or for multifamily property claims, and casualty claims for insured events. Insured property losses in excess of for multifamily properties and of commercial office properties are self-insured or fully insured as described below. 
 The Risk Management Program for property risks includes a Self-Insured Retention SIR component in order to more efficiently manage the risks. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s SIR includes a layer of losses that the Company is responsible for satisfying after the properties have met their deductible for each claim. That layer covers losses between and , with an annual aggregate limit of million. All losses above are fully insured. With respect to winter freeze losses, the Company s SIR is per location and not to exceed million in the aggregate for any one occurrence or million in the aggregate if more than one location is involved. BIGRM, the captive risk management company wholly owned by the Operating Company, provides a million insurance policy to cover of the million layer above all other risks deductibles and SIR, of the million per occurrence or million in the aggregate for winter freeze deductible and SIR. All losses above million are fully insured by multiple outside insurance carriers. All losses above the SIR thresholds are fully insured with the exception of catastrophic loss deductibles in excess of the deductibles outlined above. Catastrophic losses, in zones deemed catastrophic (CAT Zones), such as named storm and flood zones, have deductibles that equal up to of the insurable value of the property affected for a particular loss. Any catastrophic losses in non-CAT Zones are insured with the same deductibles and SIR of as outlined above. 
 For BIGRM s insured risks, claim expenses and the related insurance loss reserve liabilities are based on the estimated cost necessary to settle all reported and unreported claims occurring prior to the balance sheet dates. Additionally, claims are expensed when insured events occur or the estimated settlement costs are updated based on the current facts and the reporting date. Additionally, insurance claim expenses and insurance loss reserves include provisions for claims that have occurred but have yet to be reported. Insurance expenses and the insurance loss reserves for both reported and unreported claims are based on the Company s previous experience and the analysis of a licensed actuary. Management believes such amounts are adequate to cover the ultimate net cost of insured events incurred through September 30, 2024. The insurance loss provisions are estimates and the actual amounts may ultimately be settled for a significantly greater or lesser amount. Any subsequent differences arising will be recorded in the period in which they are determined. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had reserved million and million, respectively. 
 Medical Self-Insurance Reserves The Company is primarily self-insured for employee health benefits. The Company records its self-insurance liability based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. There is stop-loss coverage for amounts in excess of per individual per year and a maximum claim liability of million. If more claims are made than were estimated or if the costs of actual claims increase beyond what was anticipated, reserves recorded may not be sufficient and additional accruals may be required in future periods. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had reserved million. 
 33 

10. 
 
 Bridge Multifamily Fund III Total 

11. 
 million, (ii) the variable interest rates under the applicable pricing grid were each increased by basis points and (iii) the quarterly unused commitment fee was increased to . 
 On February 28, 2024, the Operating Company entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement with CIBC, Zions and Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as Joint Lead Arrangers, which included a reduction in the total aggregate commitments under the Credit Facility from million to million, with the ability to increase aggregate commitments up to an additional million, and extended the maturity date from June 3, 2024 to June 3, 2026. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest based on a pricing grid with a range of a to over Term SOFR as determined by the Operating Company s leverage ratio, or upon achievement of an investment grade rating, interest is then based on a range of to over Term SOFR. The Credit Facility is also subject to a quarterly unused commitment fee of up to , which is based on the daily unused portion of the Credit Facility. Borrowings under the Credit Facility may be repaid at any time during the term of the Credit Agreement, but the Credit Facility requires paydown at least once annually or if the aggregate commitment exceed certain thresholds for an extended period of time. 
 Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, certain of the Operating Company s assets serve as pledged collateral. In addition, the Credit Agreement contains covenants that, among other things, limit the Operating Company s ability to: incur indebtedness; create, incur or allow liens; merge with other companies; pay dividends or make distributions; engage in new or different lines of business; and engage in transactions with affiliates. The Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants requiring the Operating Company to maintain (1) a debt to Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization EBITDA ratio of no more than x, (2) minimum liquidity of million and (3) minimum quarterly EBITDA of million and minimum EBITDA for the trailing four fiscal quarters of million. 
 34 

million with an interest rate in effect of approximately . During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Operating Company incurred interest expense of approximately million and million and unused commitments fees of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Operating Company incurred interest expense of approximately million and million and unused commitments fees of million and million, respectively. 
 Debt issuance costs related to the Credit Facility are included in other assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

12. 
 million note purchase agreement, pursuant to which the Operating Company issued tranches of notes in a private placement offering. The transaction consisted of million of with a term maturing on July 22, 2025, and million of notes with a term maturing on July 22, 2027 (the 2020 Private Placement Notes ). 
 On June 3, 2022, the Operating Company entered into a million note purchase agreement pursuant to which the Operating Company issued tranches of notes in a private placement offering. The transaction consisted of million of notes with a term maturing on July 12, 2032, and million of notes with a term maturing on July 12, 2034 (the 2022 Private Placement Notes ). 
 On February 13, 2023, the Operating Company entered into a million note purchase agreement pursuant to which the Operating Company issued tranches of notes in a private placement offering. The transaction consisted of million of notes with a term maturing on March 29, 2030 and million of notes with a term maturing on March 29, 2033 (the 2023 Private Placement Notes and together with the 2020 Private Placement Notes and 2022 Private Placement Notes, the Private Placement Notes ). 
 Under the terms of the Private Placement Notes, certain of the Operating Company s assets are pledged as collateral. The Private Placement Notes contain covenants that, among other things, limit the Operating Company s ability to: incur indebtedness; create, incur or allow liens; merge with other companies; engage in new or different lines of business; and engage in transactions with affiliates. The Private Placement Notes also contain financial covenants requiring the Operating Company to maintain (1) a debt to EBITDA ratio of no more than x, (2) minimum liquidity of million and (3) minimum quarterly EBITDA of million and minimum EBITDA for the trailing four fiscal quarters of million. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, unamortized deferred financing costs were million and million, respectively, and the net carrying value of the Private Placement Notes was million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Operating Company was in full compliance with all debt covenants. 
 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 35 

million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, interest expense was million and million, respectively. 
 
 13. 
 
 ) ) ) ) Investment in third-party partnerships ) ) ) ) ) Other investments ) ) General Partner Notes Payable ) Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Investment in third-party partnerships ) ) ) ) Other investments General Partner Notes Payable ) Total realized and unrealized (losses) gains ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 14. 
 36 

million and million, respectively, and million and million as of December 31, 2023, respectively. The increase in the TRA and corresponding TRA liability during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributed to the redemption of Class A units, which is further described in Note 15. 
 The Company s effective tax rate is dependent on many factors, including the estimated amount of income subject to tax. Consequently, the effective tax rate can vary from period to period. The Company s overall effective tax rate in each of the periods described above is less than the statutory rate primarily because a portion of income is allocated to non-controlling interests, and the tax liability on such income is borne by the holders of such non-controlling interests. 
 The Company s estimated annual effective tax rate AETR was approximately for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company utilized the discrete effective tax rate method, as allowed by ASC 740-270-30-18, Income Taxes Interim Reporting, to calculate its interim income tax provision. The discrete method is applied when the application of the estimated AETR is impractical because it is not possible to reliably estimate the AETR. The discrete method treats the year-to-date period as if it was the annual period and determines the income tax expense or benefit on that basis. The Company believed that, at the time, the use of the discrete method was more appropriate than the AETR method as (i) the estimated AETR method was not reliable due to the high degree of uncertainty in estimating annual pretax earnings and (ii) small changes in the projected ordinary annual income would have resulted in significant changes in the AETR. 
 The Company evaluates the realizability of its deferred tax asset on a quarterly basis and adjusts the valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax asset may not be realized. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had unrecognized tax positions and does not expect any changes to uncertain tax positions within the next twelve months. 
 The Company files its tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax authorities. Although the outcome of tax audits is always uncertain, based on information available to the Company as of the date hereof, the Company does not believe the outcome of any future audit will have a material adverse effect on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 15. 
 
 shares of Class A common stock and Class A Units. The profits interests were collapsed based on their fair values and the relative value of the Company, based on distributable earnings attributable to the Operating Company, distributable earnings of the applicable subsidiary where such profits interests were held, and the market price of the Company s Class A common stock as of the date of the collapse. This resulted in a decrease in net income attributable to non-controlling interests for periods subsequent to July 1, 2023; however, there was a corresponding increase in the number of outstanding Class A Units and shares of Class A common stock. The collapse of the 2021 profits interests awards was accounted for as a modification. 
 37 

shares of our Class A common stock and Class A Units. The profits interests were collapsed based on their fair values and the relative value of the Company, based on distributable earnings attributable to the Operating Company, distributable earnings of the applicable subsidiary where such profits interests were held, and the market price of our Class A common stock as of the date of the collapse. This resulted in a decrease in net income attributable to non-controlling interests for periods subsequent to January 1, 2023; however, there was a corresponding increase in the number of outstanding Class A Units and shares of our Class A common stock. The collapse of the 2020 profits interests awards was partially accounted for as a modification and partially accounted for as cancellations. For the 2020 profits interests awards that were cancelled, the Company accelerated the recognition of the unamortized share-based compensation expense amounting to million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Redemptions of Non-controlling Interest in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. 
 Certain current and former employees of the Company directly or indirectly own interests in the Operating Company, presented as non-controlling interests in the Operating Company. Non-controlling interests in the Operating Company have the right to require the Operating Company to redeem part or all of such member s Class A Units for cash based on the market value of an equivalent number of shares of our Class A common stock at the time of redemption, or at the Company s election as managing member of the Operating Company, through issuance of shares of our Class A common stock on a -for-one basis. At the end of each period, non-controlling interests in the Operating Company is adjusted to reflect their ownership percentage in the Operating Company at the end of the period, through a reallocation between controlling and non-controlling interests in the Operating Company. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Class A Units were redeemed, with the issuance of our Class A common stock on a -for-one basis. 
 Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. 
 The Company has classes of common stock outstanding, Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Our Class A common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange. As of September 30, 2024, the Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share, shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share, and shares of preferred stock, with a par value of per share. Each share of our Class A common stock is entitled to vote and each share of our Class B common stock is entitled to votes. Refer to Note 1, Organization for additional information about the Company s common stock. 
 As of September 30, 2024, shares of our Class A common stock (including Restricted Stock) were outstanding, shares of our Class B common stock were outstanding, and shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 
 Class A common stock issued - unitholder conversions ) Class A restricted common stock issued Class A restricted common stock forfeited ) Class A restricted common stock vested ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 38 

May 31, 2024 June 14, 2024 August 30, 2024 September 13, 2024 March 10, 2023 March 24, 2023 June 2, 2023 June 16, 2023 September 1, 2023 September 15, 2023 
 Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC 
 Prior to the IPO, the Operating Company had classes of membership interests: (i) Class A; (ii) Class B-1; and (iii) Class B-2. Class A and Class B-1 represented the voting equity holders and Class B-2 represented profits interests awarded to employees of the Operating Company. Class B-1 and B-2 interests were issued as profits interests, pursuant to agreements entered into with certain employees during 2021, 2020 and 2019. At the time of issuance, the Class B-1 and B-2 interests had a capital account interest of . The holders of Class B-1 and B-2 interests were entitled to distributions in excess of the defined threshold per the respective award. The holders of Class B-2 interests did not have voting rights. As part of the Transactions, the Class B-1 and Class B-2 interests were exchanged for Class A Units in the Operating Company on a -for-one basis. As part of the Transactions, new Class B Units were issued. 
 Net profits and any other items of income are allocated to the members capital accounts in a manner that is consistent with their respective ownership percentages. Distributions to members are generally made in a manner consistent with their respective ownership percentages at the time the profits were generated and are subject to approval of the Company s board of directors. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, million and million, respectively, was distributed to non-controlling interests in the Operating Company and million and million, respectively, was distributed to non-controlling interest in the Company. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, million and million, respectively, was distributed to the Operating Company s members, and million and million, respectively, was distributed to non-controlling interests in the Operating Company. 
 The Operating Company s members capital interests are transferable; however, transfers are subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Company, with certain exceptions for transfers to affiliated parties. Members liability is limited to the capital account balance. Distributions are reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of changes in equity when declared by the board of directors and consist of distributions to members and non-controlling interest holders. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company is the sole managing member of the Operating Company, and owns Class A Units and Class B Units (voting only) of the Operating Company, which represents and of the total outstanding Class A Units and Class B Units, respectively. The Company controls the business and affairs of the Operating Company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 39 

Issuance of Class A Units Forfeiture of unvested Class A Units ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 16. 
 Lease Liabilities, included in Other liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 The components of lease expense included in general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating lease costs Variable lease costs Total lease costs, included in general and administrative expenses Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities 
 40 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total lease liabilities Less: Imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 Allocated Performance Income Allocated performance income is affected by changes in the fair values of the underlying investments in the funds that we advise. Valuations, on an unrealized basis, can be significantly affected by a variety of external factors including, but not limited to, public equity market volatility, industry trading multiples and interest rates. Generally, if at the termination of a fund (and at interim points in the life of a fund), the fund has not achieved investment returns that (in most cases) exceed the preferred return threshold or (in all cases) the applicable Bridge GP receives net profits over the life of the fund in excess of its allocable share under the applicable partnership agreement, the Bridge GP will be obligated to repay carried interest that was received by the Bridge GP in excess of the amounts to which the Bridge GP is entitled. This contingent obligation is normally reduced by income taxes paid by the members of the Bridge GP (including the Company) related to its carried interest. Tax distributions are not subject to clawback once paid. Additionally, at the end of the life of the funds there could be a payment due to a fund by the Bridge GP if the Bridge GP has recognized more performance income than was ultimately earned. The general partner clawback obligation amount, if any, will depend on final realized values of investments at the end of the life of the fund. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, if the Company assumed all existing investments were worthless, the amount of performance income subject to potential repayment by the Bridge GPs, net of tax distributions, which may differ from the recognition of revenue, would have been approximately million, of which million is reimbursable to the Bridge GPs by certain professionals who are the recipients of such performance income. Management believes the possibility of all of the investments becoming worthless is remote. If the funds were liquidated at their fair values as of September 30, 2024, there would be no contingent repayment obligation or liability. 
 Legal Matters In the normal course of business, the Company is party to certain claims or legal actions. Although the amount of the ultimate exposure cannot be determined at this time, the Company believes that the resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 
 Standby Letters of Credit As of September 30, 2024, the Company has guaranteed a million standby letter of credit related to the self-insurance program of the properties owned by the funds. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, the Company has guaranteed a million standby letter of credit related to an operating lease. 
 Indemnifications and Other Guarantees In the normal course of business and consistent with standard business practices, the Company has provided general indemnifications to certain officers and directors when they act in good faith in the performance of their duties for the Company. The Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements cannot be determined as these indemnities relate to future claims that may be made against the Company or related parties, but which have not yet occurred. No liability related to these indemnities has been recorded in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. Based on past experience, management believes that the risk of loss related to these indemnities is remote. 
 41 

million. There were no outstanding loans guaranteed by the Operating Company under this program as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 17. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which is included in other investments on the condensed consolidated balance sheets for the periods then ended. 
 The Operating Company consolidates certain VIEs for which it is the primary beneficiary. Pre-IPO VIEs consisted of certain operating entities not wholly owned by the Company and included BSHM, Bridge Debt Strategies Fund Manager LLC, BOFM, Bridge Agency MBS Fund Manager LLC, Bridge Net Lease Fund Manager LLC, Bridge Logistics Properties Fund Manager LLC, and certain Bridge GPs. As part of the Transactions and IPO, the Operating Company acquired the non-controlling interest of its consolidated subsidiaries BSHM and BOFM, which was accounted for as an equity transaction with no gain or loss recognized in combined net income for the period then ended. The carrying amounts of the non-controlling interest in BSHM and BOFM were adjusted to . 
 In 2023, the Company made a direct investment in Bridge Solar Energy Development Fund LP. Due to the timing of capital raising, the Company s equity interests in the fund was considered significant to the fund as of September 30, 2024, and as a result the fund was consolidated in the Company s financial statements for the period then ended. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, additional limited partner capital commitments were funded to Bridge Solar Energy Development Fund LP, which resulted in the Company no longer being considered the primary beneficiary of the VIE. Therefore, the Company s direct investment in Bridge Solar Energy Development Fund LP was deconsolidated as of such date, and will be reported as an equity method investment on a prospective basis. 
 The assets of the Operating Company s consolidated VIEs totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, while the liabilities of the consolidated VIEs totaled million and million as of the same dates, respectively. The assets of the consolidated VIEs may only be used to settle obligations of the same VIE. In addition, there is no recourse to the Company for the consolidated VIEs liabilities. Additionally, the Operating Company is a VIE that is consolidated by the Company. 
 42 

18. 
 Payments made on behalf of and amounts due from non-consolidated entities Total receivables from affiliates 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a credit loss of million primarily related to receivables written off that were related to BOF I and certain related joint ventures. The majority of the million credit loss was related to fund management fees and fund administration fees recognized in the first quarter of 2024, million is presented as a contra revenue in fund management fees, million is presented as a contra revenue in fund administration fees, and million is included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations for the period then ended. The credit loss reserve was the result of unfavorable market conditions in the commercial office sector, including the lack of available debt and equity financing and illiquidity of the underlying assets. 
 Notes Receivable from Affiliates 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had total notes receivable from affiliates of million and million, respectively. Refer to Note 6, Notes Receivable from Affiliates for additional information. 
 Due to Affiliates 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had accrued million and million of due to affiliates, respectively, in connection with the TRA, which was included in due to affiliates on the condensed consolidated balance sheets for the periods then ended. Refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 14, Income Taxes for additional information. 
 All of the distributable earnings of the Operating Company prior to the IPO were payable to the Original Equity Owners. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was million of declared distributions that had not yet been distributed to Original Equity Owners. 
 43 

19. 
 shares of our Class A common stock were initially reserved for issuance. Pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Incentive Award Plan, the number of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Incentive Award Plan increases automatically on the first day of each calendar commencing on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, equal to the lesser of (a) of the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock (calculated on an as-converted basis taking into account any and all securities (including membership interests in the Operating Company) convertible into, or exercisable, exchangeable, or redeemable for, Class A common stock) on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) an amount determined by our board of directors. On January 1, 2024, the number of shares available under the 2021 Incentive Award Plan increased to . As of September 30, 2024, shares remained available for future grants. Restricted Stock and RSUs issued before January 1, 2024 are subject to graded vesting with approximately one-third of such grants vesting on the third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the grant date. Restricted Stock and RSUs issued on or after January 1, 2024 are subject to graded vesting with approximately one-quarter of such grants vesting on the first, second, third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. At vesting of the RSUs, the Company issues shares of Class A common stock. 
 The fair value of the Restricted Stock and RSUs is based upon our stock price at grant date and is expensed over the vesting period. We classify both Restricted Stock and RSUs as equity instruments. Share-based compensation expense is included in employee compensation and benefits in the condensed consolidated statement of operations, with the corresponding increase included in additional paid-in capital or non-controlling interests on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. If the recipient ceases to be employed by the Company prior to vesting of the Restricted Stock or RSUs, the awards are forfeited. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reversed share-based compensation related to Restricted Stock and RSU forfeitures of approximately million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company reversed share-based compensation related to Restricted Stock and RSU forfeitures of approximately million and million, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock is Class A common stock with certain restrictions that relate to trading and carry the possibility of forfeiture. Holders of Restricted Stock have full voting rights and receive dividends during the vesting period. RSUs represent rights to share of common stock for each unit. Holders of RSUs receive dividend equivalents during the vesting period but do not have voting rights. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, RSUs were issued at a weighted-average fair value per share of . 
 Issued Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 The total value at grant date of Restricted Stock and RSUs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, shares of Restricted Stock and RSUs were expected to vest with fair value of million and million, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate unrecognized compensation cost for all unvested Restricted Stock and RSU awards was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 44 

to of the related Fund Managers above a certain income and valuation threshold. The Operating Company issued two types of profits interests: (i) award shares and (ii) anti-dilutive shares. The fair value of these awards was determined using a Monte Carlo Valuation model. Each of the awards has an earnings threshold for distributions and equity appreciation. The grant date fair value of the profits interests awards are expensed over the vesting period. The award shares are subject to graded vesting with approximately one-third of such grants vesting on the third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the grant date. The Operating Company also issued anti-dilutive awards to active partners. Since the anti-dilutive awards were fully vested, the Company recorded of the fair value as share-based compensation in the year the anti-dilutive shares were granted. Certain of the 2019, 2020 and 2021 profits interests awards have been collapsed into shares of our Class A common stock and Class A Units, as further described in Note 15, Shareholders Equity. 
 On March 31, 2023, the Company issued profits interests in certain Fund Managers to certain members of management to participate in the growth of the respective Fund Managers (the 2023 profits interests ). Each of the 2023 profits interests awards have an earnings threshold for distributions. Certain of the 2023 profits interests were issued fully vested while certain of the 2023 profits interests are also subject to continued employment and graded vesting with approximately one-third of such grants vesting on the third, fourth and fifth anniversary of the vesting commencement date. The grant date fair value was determined to be million using a Monte Carlo Valuation model, which will be expensed over the respective vesting periods. Volatility Expected cost of equity Discount rate 
 If the recipient of profits interests awards ceases to be employed by the Company after the awards vest, the Company has the option to repurchase such profits interests at fair value. If the recipient ceases to be employed by the Company prior to vesting, the unvested portion of the recipient s awards are forfeited. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate unrecognized compensation cost for all unvested profits interests awards was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Restricted Stock and RSUs Total share-based compensation 
 45 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 
 20. 
 ) Less: Distributions on Restricted Stock and RSUs ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) available to Class A common shareholders - basic ) ) Incremental net income from assumed exchange of Class A units Net income (loss) available to Class A common stockholders, diluted ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding basic Incremental shares from assumed exchange of Class A units Weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding diluted Earnings (loss) per share of Class A common stock basic ) ) Earnings (loss) per share of Class A common stock diluted ) ) 
 Basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing earnings or losses available to our Class A common shareholders by the weighted-average number of our Class A common shares outstanding for the period. Restricted Stock and RSUs that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends are participating securities and are included in the computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. Accordingly, distributed and undistributed earnings attributable to unvested Restricted Stock and RSUs have been excluded, as applicable, from earnings available to our Class A common stockholders used in basic and diluted earnings per share. 
 46 

21. 
 million on its Credit Facility. 
 
 47 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This section presents management s perspective on our financial condition and results of operations. The following discussion and analysis is intended to highlight and supplement data and information presented elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes, and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying tables and our annual audited financial statements in our annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 7, 2024. To the extent that this discussion describes prior performance, the descriptions relate only to the periods listed, which may not be indicative of our future financial outcomes. In addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause results to differ materially from management s expectations. Factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the sections titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. In addition, amounts and percentages in the tables below may reflect rounding adjustments and consequently totals may not appear to sum. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leading alternative investment manager, diversified across specialized asset classes, with approximately 49.2 billion of AUM as of September 30, 2024. Bridge combines its nationwide operating platform with dedicated teams of investment professionals focused on various specialized and synergistic investment platforms, including real estate, credit, renewable energy and secondaries strategies. Our broad range of products and vertically integrated structure allow us to capture new market opportunities and serve investors with various investment objectives. Our ability to scale our specialized and operationally driven investment approach across multiple attractive sectors within real estate equity and debt, in a way that creates sustainable and thriving communities, is the ethos of who we are and the growth engine of our success. We have enjoyed significant growth since our establishment as an institutional fund manager in 2009, driven by strong investment returns, and our successful efforts to organically develop and strategically acquire an array of investment platforms focused on sectors of the U.S. real estate market and other alternative investments that we believe are the most attractive. We have extensive multi-channel distribution capabilities and currently manage capital on behalf of global institutions and individual investors across our investment strategies. 
 
 Business Segment 
 We operate as one business, a fully integrated alternative investment manager. The Company s chief operating decision maker, which is the executive chairman, utilizes a consolidated approach to assess financial performance and allocate resources. As such, the Company operates as one business segment. 
 
 Trends Affecting Our Business 
 Our business is affected by a variety of factors, including conditions in the financial markets and economic and political conditions. Changes in global economic conditions and regulatory or other governmental policies or actions can materially affect the values of our holdings and the ability to source attractive investments and completely deploy the capital that we have raised. However, we believe our disciplined investment philosophy across our diversified investment strategies has historically contributed to the stability of our performance throughout market cycles. 
 In addition to these macroeconomic trends and market factors, our future performance is heavily dependent on our ability to attract new capital, generate strong, stable returns, source investments with attractive risk-adjusted returns and provide attractive investment products to a growing investor base. We believe our future performance will be influenced by the following factors: 
 The extent to which fund investors favor private markets investments . Our ability to attract new capital is partially dependent on fund investors views of alternative investments relative to traditional asset classes. We believe our fundraising efforts will continue to be subject to certain fundamental asset management trends, including (1) the increasing importance and market share of alternative investment strategies to fund investors of all types as fund investors focus on lower correlated and absolute levels of return, (2) the increasing demand for private markets from private wealth fund investors, (3) shifting asset allocation policies of institutional fund investors, (4) de-leveraging of the global banking system, bank consolidation and increased regulatory requirements and (5) increasing barriers to entry and growth. 
 48 

Our ability to generate strong, stable returns and retain investor capital throughout the market cycle. Our ability to raise and retain capital is significantly dependent on our track record and the investment returns we are able to generate for our fund investors. The capital we raise drives growth in our AUM, management fees and performance fees. Although our AUM and fees generated have grown significantly since our inception and particularly in recent years, a significant deterioration in the returns we generate for our fund investors, adverse market conditions or an outflow of capital in the alternative asset management industry in general, or in the real estate space in which we specialize, could negatively affect our future growth rate. Ongoing economic headwinds continue to put downward pressure on occupancy rates, valuations, transaction volumes and the availability of financing in the commercial office sector, which represented 3 of our AUM as of September 30, 2024. We are no longer collecting fund management fees or fund administration fees on Bridge Office Fund LP BOF I ), which previously contributed 2.0 million to revenue on a quarterly basis. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a credit loss of 1.7 million related to BOF I, and certain joint venture management fees, which was attributed to fees recognized during the first quarter of 2024, as well as 0.4 million credit loss for fund administration fees beginning in the third quarter of 2024. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we also began reserving fund management fees and fund administration fees for Bridge Office Fund II LP BOF II totaling 0.7 million. We also have a 15.0 million outstanding unsecured loan to a subsidiary of BOF I, as well as a 15.7 million outstanding unsecured loan to BOF II, both of which were determined to still be recoverable as of September 30, 2024. In October 2024, BOF II repaid 2.7 million of the outstanding balance of its note receivable. In addition, market dislocations, contractions or volatility could adversely affect our returns in the future, which could in turn affect our fundraising abilities. Our ability to retain and attract fund investors also depends on our ability to build and maintain strong relationships with both existing and new fund investors, many of whom place significant emphasis on an asset manager s track record of strong fund performance and distributions. While we believe that our reputation for generating attractive risk-adjusted returns is favorable to our ability to continue to attract investors, we may face greater challenges in raising capital for new investment strategies as we continue to expand our market presence and asset classes. 
 Our ability to source investments with attractive risk-adjusted returns . Our ability to continue to grow our revenue is dependent on our continued ability to source and finance attractive investments and efficiently deploy the capital that we have raised. Capital deployed may vary significantly from period to period with the fluctuating availability of attractive opportunities, which are dependent on a number of factors, including debt financing, the general macroeconomic environment, market positioning, valuation, size, the liquidity of such investment opportunities, and the long-term nature of our investment strategies. Each of these factors impacts our ability to efficiently and effectively invest our pool of fund capital and maintain revenue growth over time. Increases in prevailing interest rates could affect not only our returns on debt and mortgage-backed securities, but also our ability to deploy capital for Bridge-sponsored funds due to the increased cost of, and ability to secure, borrowings. Moreover, with respect to our Debt Strategies and Agency MBS Funds, macro-economic trends or adverse credit and interest rate environments affecting the quality or quantity of new issuance debt and mortgage-backed securities or a substantial increase in defaults could adversely affect our ability to source investments with attractive risk-adjusted returns. 
 The attractiveness of our product offerings to a broad and evolving investor base . Investors in our industry may have changing investment priorities and preferences over time, including with respect to risk appetite, portfolio allocation, desired returns and other considerations. We continue to expand and diversify our product offerings to increase investment options for our fund investors, while balancing this expansion with our goal of continuing to deliver the consistent, attractive returns that have cultivated our reputation. We believe that achieving that balance is crucial to both our fund investors success and satisfaction, as well as our ability to maintain our competitive position and grow our revenue. 
 Our ability to maintain our data advantage relative to competitors . Our proprietary data and technology platforms, analytical tools and deep industry knowledge allow us to provide our fund investors with customized investment solutions, including specialized asset management services, tailored reporting packages, customized performance benchmarks as well as experienced and responsive compliance, administration, and tax capabilities. Our ability to maintain our data advantage is dependent on a number of factors, including our continued access to a broad set of private market information and our ability to grow our relationships with sophisticated partners and wealth management platforms. 
 49 

Business Environment 
 Global markets have shifted dramatically over the last several years, experiencing significant volatility driven by increasing concerns over persistent inflation, high interest rates, slowing economic growth and geopolitical uncertainty. In 2022, inflation reached multi-decade highs in many major economies around the world, prompting central banks to pursue monetary policy tightening actions that created, and are likely to continue to create, headwinds to economic growth. However, in the latter part of 2023 the U.S. economy began to show signs of growth, with a strong labor market and deceleration of inflation. In response to these trends, the Federal Reserve paused interest rate increases in the fourth quarter of 2023. During 2024, inflation continued to decelerate and moderated at approximately 2.5 , which led to the Federal Reserve making its first rate cut in four years during its September 2024 meeting. It is expected that the Federal Reserve will make additional rate cuts in coming quarters. 
 Our future results may be adversely affected by resulting challenges in fundraising activity, the pace of capital deployment and our ability to collect rental income when due. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Difficult economic, market and political conditions may adversely affect our businesses, including by reducing the value or hampering the performance of the investments made by our funds or reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition in our annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Key Financial Measures 
 We manage our business using financial measures and key operating metrics that we believe reflect the productivity of our core investment activities. We prepare our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Additional information regarding our significant accounting policies can be found in Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to our condensed consolidated financial statements, included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Our key financial and operating measures are discussed below. 
 
 Revenues 
 Fund Management Fees . Our fund management fees are generally based on a defined percentage of total commitments, invested capital, or net asset value NAV of the investment portfolios that we manage. Generally, with respect to fund management fees charged on committed capital, fund management fees are earned at the management fee rate on committed capital and, beginning at the expiration of the investment period, on invested capital. The majority of our fee-earning AUM pays fees on committed capital during the respective funds investment periods, which generally produces more management fee revenue than fees paid on invested capital. The fees are generally based on a quarterly measurement period and paid in advance. We typically share a portion of the fees we earn on capital raised through wirehouse and distribution channels. Fund management fees are recognized as revenue in the period in which advisory services are rendered, subject to our assessment of collectability. As of September 30, 2024, our weighted-average management fee varies by fund and is based upon the size of the commitment; however, the low average for a single fund is 0.50 and the high average for a single fund is 1.99 of committed or invested capital for our closed-end funds. Fund management fees also includes management fees for joint ventures and separately managed assets. Management fees for those types of assets are usually less than 1 and typically charged on invested capital or invested equity. For our sponsored closed-end funds, our capital raising period is traditionally 18 to 24 months. After the initial closing of a closed-end fund, we charge catch-up management fees to investors who subscribe in subsequent closings in amounts equal to the fees they would have paid if they had subscribed in the initial closing plus interest. Catch-up management fees are recognized in the period in which the investor subscribes to the fund. Fund management fees are presented net of placement agent fees, where we are acting as an agent in the arrangement. 
 50 

Property Management and Leasing Fees . We have vertically integrated platforms where we manage a significant percentage of the real estate properties owned by our funds. As of September 30, 2024, we managed approximately 100 of the multifamily properties, 100 of the workforce and affordable housing properties, 66 of the office properties, and 55 of the seniors housing properties owned by our funds. We also provide property management services for a limited number of third-party owned assets. These fees are based upon cash collections at the managed properties and traditionally range from 2.5 to 3.0 for multifamily and workforce and affordable housing properties, 2 to 3 for office properties and 4 to 5 for seniors housing properties. Additionally, we receive leasing fees upon the execution of a leasing agreement for our office assets. We determined that certain third-party asset management costs, for which we are deemed to be the primary obligor, are recorded as gross revenue with a corresponding expense. The gross presentation has no impact on our net income to the extent the expense incurred, and corresponding cost reimbursement income are recognized. The offset is recorded in third-party operating expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Construction Management Fees and Development Fees . The majority of our equity funds have a value-add component, where we seek to make improvements or reposition the properties, or have a development strategy. Similar to property management fees, we perform the construction management and development management for certain managed properties and receive fees for these services. These fees are earned as the work is completed. The rates charged are based upon market rates and are updated on an annual basis. For small projects, we occasionally charge an immaterial flat fee. For significant projects, the range is generally 0.5 to 4.0 of construction costs. 
 Transaction Fees . We earn transaction fees associated with the due diligence related to the acquisition of assets and origination of debt financing for assets. The fee is recognized upon the acquisition of the asset or origination of the mortgage or other debt. The fee range for acquisition fees is generally 0.5 to 1.0 of the gross acquisition cost of the investment or, in the case of development projects, the total development budget, and the fee range for debt origination is generally 0.3 to 1.0 . 
 Fund Administration Fees. The Company earns fees for providing fund administration services to its funds. Fund administration fees include a fixed annual amount plus a percentage of invested or deployed capital. Fund administration fees also include investor services fees, which are based on an annual fee per investor. Fees are earned as services are provided, and are recognized on a straight-line basis. 
 Insurance Premiums . BIGRM is our subsidiary that provides certain insurance products for multifamily and commercial properties owned by the funds. BIGRM insures direct risks including lease security deposit fulfillment, tenant legal liability, workers compensation deductible, property deductible and general liability deductible reimbursements. Tenant legal liability premiums are earned monthly. Deposit eliminator premiums are earned in the month that they are written. Workers compensation and property deductible premiums are earned over the terms of the policy period. 
 Other Asset Management and Property Income . Other asset management and property income includes, among other things, interest on catch-up management fees, fees related to in-house legal and tax professional services, which are generally billed on an hourly rate to various Bridge funds and properties, and other miscellaneous fees. 
 Performance Fees . We earn two types of performance fee revenues: incentive fees and performance allocations, as described below. Incentive fees comprise fees earned from certain fund investor investment mandates for which we do not have a general partner interest in a fund. Performance allocations include the allocation of performance-based fees, commonly referred to as carried interest, from limited partners in the funds to us. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 17.9 billion of carry-eligible fee-earning AUM across approximately 54 funds and other vehicles, of which 19 were in accrued carried interest positions. 
 51 

Incentive fees are generally calculated as a percentage of the profits earned with respect to certain accounts for which we are the investment manager, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels or performance benchmarks. Incentive fees are a form of variable consideration and represent contractual fee arrangements in our contracts with investors in our funds. Incentive fees are typically subject to reversal until the end of a defined performance period, as these fees are affected by changes in the fair value of the assets under management or advisement over such performance period. Moreover, incentive fees that are received prior to the end of the defined performance period are typically subject to clawback, net of tax. We recognize incentive fee revenue only when these amounts are realized and no longer subject to significant reversal, which is typically at the end of a defined performance period and/or upon expiration of the associated clawback period (i.e., crystallization). However, clawback terms for incentive fees received prior to crystallization only require the return of amounts on a net of tax basis. Accordingly, the tax basis portion of incentive fees received in advance of crystallization is not subject to clawback and is therefore recognized as revenue immediately upon receipt. Incentive fees received in advance of crystallization that remain subject to clawback are recorded as deferred incentive fee revenue and are included in accrued performance allocations compensation in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Performance allocations include the allocation of performance-based fees to us from limited partners in the funds in which we hold an equity interest. We are entitled to a performance allocation (typically 15 to 20 based on cumulative fund or account performance to date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. These performance allocations are subject to the achievement of minimum return levels (typically 6 to 8 ), in accordance with the terms set forth in the respective fund s governing documents. Performance-based fees earned by our general partners from open-end funds are generally based on the investment returns, subject to preferred returns and/or high-watermarks, for the applicable measurement period of the open-end fund. Performance-based fees are measured and eligible to be received on a recurring basis and are not dependent on realization events from the underlying investments. 
 We account for our investment balances in the funds, including performance allocations, under the equity method of accounting because we are presumed to have significant influence as the general partner or managing member. Accordingly, performance allocations are not deemed to be within the scope of Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606 ASC 606 ), Revenue from Contracts with Customers . We recognize income attributable to performance allocations from a fund based on the amount that would be due to us pursuant to the fund s governing documents, assuming the fund was liquidated based on the current fair value of its underlying investments as of that date. Accordingly, the amount recognized as performance allocation income reflects our share of the gains and losses of the associated fund s underlying investments measured at their then-fair values, relative to the fair values as of the end of the prior period. We record the amount of carried interest allocated to us as of each period end as accrued performance allocations in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Performance allocations are realized when an underlying investment is profitably disposed of and the fund s cumulative returns are in excess of the specific hurdle rates, as defined in the applicable governing documents. Performance allocations are subject to reversal to the extent that the amount received to date exceeds the amount due to us based on cumulative results. As such, a liability is accrued for the potential clawback obligations if amounts previously distributed to us would require repayment to a fund if such fund were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of their underlying investments as of the reporting date. Actual repayment obligations generally do not become realized until the end of a fund s life. 
 Earnings (Losses) from Investments in Real Estate. The Company s share of the investee s income and expenses for the Company s equity method investments (exclusive of carried interest) is included in investment income as earnings (losses) from investments in real estate. 
 
 Expenses 
 Employee Compensation and Benefits . Compensation includes salaries, bonuses (including discretionary awards), related benefits, share-based compensation, compensatory awards, and the cost of processing payroll. Bonuses are accrued over the employment period to which they relate. 
 Share-Based Compensation . To further align the interests of our employees with our shareholders and to cultivate a strong sense of ownership and commitment to our Company, certain employees are eligible to receive Class A restricted common stock Restricted Stock ), Restricted Stock Units RSUs ), and profits interests awards. Equity-classified awards granted to employees that have a service condition only are measured at fair value at date of grant and remeasured at fair value only upon a modification of the award. The fair value of the Restricted Stock and RSUs awards are based upon our stock price on the grant date. The fair value for profits interests awards classified as equity is determined using a Monte Carlo valuation on the grant date or date of modification. We recognize compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, with the amount of compensation expense recognized at the end of a reporting 
 52 

period at least equal to the fair value of the portion of the award that has vested through that date. Compensation expense is adjusted for actual forfeitures upon occurrence. Refer to Note 19, Share-Based Compensation and Profits Interests, to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for additional information about equity awards. 
 Performance Allocations Compensation . Performance fee-related compensation deemed to be compensatory awards represents the portion of performance allocation revenue and incentive fees that have been awarded to employees as a form of long-term incentive compensation. Performance fee-related compensation is generally tied to the investment performance of the funds. Up to 60 of performance allocation revenue is awarded to employees as part of our long-term incentive compensation plan, fostering alignment of interest with our fund investors and investors, and retaining key investment professionals. Performance allocations related compensation is accounted for as compensation expense in conjunction with the related performance allocation revenue and, until paid, is recorded as a component of accrued performance allocations compensation in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Amounts presented as realized indicate the amounts paid or payable to employees based on the receipt of performance allocation revenue from realized investment activity. Performance allocations related compensation expense may be subject to reversal to the extent that the related performance allocation revenue is reversed. Performance allocations related compensation paid to employees may be subject to clawback on an after-tax basis under certain scenarios. Incentive fee-related compensation is accrued as compensation expense when it is probable and estimable that payment will be made. 
 Loss and Loss Adjustment Expenses . Loss and loss adjustment expenses includes the estimated liability (based upon actuarial reports) of both losses which have been reported to us, but have not been processed and paid, and losses relating to insured events which have occurred but have not been reported to us. 
 Third-Party Operating Expenses . Third-party operating expenses represent transactions, largely operation and leasing of assets, with third-party operators of real estate owned by the funds where we were determined to be the principal rather than the agent in the transaction. 
 General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses include costs primarily related to professional services, occupancy, travel, communication and information services, transaction costs, and other general operating items. 
 Depreciation and Amortization . Deprecation or amortization of tenant improvements, furniture and equipment and intangible assets is expensed on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the asset. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses) . Realized and unrealized gains (losses) occur when the Company redeems all or a portion of its investment or when the Company receives cash income, such as dividends or distributions. Unrealized gains (losses) result from changes in the fair value of the underlying investment as well as from the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains (losses) at the time an investment is realized. Realized and unrealized gains (losses) are presented together as net realized and unrealized gains (losses) in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Finally, realized and unrealized gain (loss) associated with the financial instruments that we elect the fair value option is also included in net realized and unrealized gains (losses). 
 Interest Income . Interest (other than interest on catch-up management fees), dividends and other investment income are included in interest income. Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected using the effective interest method. Dividends and other investment income are recorded when the right to receive payment is established. 
 Other Income (Expense) . Other income (expense) relates to non-operating and non-investment related expenses, which at times can include changes in our TRA liability. 
 Interest Expense . Interest expense includes interest related to our privately offered notes, or the Private Placement Notes, which have a weighted-average fixed coupon rate of 5.03 . The Credit Facility (as defined herein) incurs interest based on a pricing grid, as determined by the Company s leverage ratio, over Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR and an unused commitment fee of up to 0.25 , which is based on the daily unused portion of the Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024, the interest rate on our Credit Facility was approximately 7.40 . 
 53 

Income Tax Expense . Income tax expense consists of taxes paid or payable by us and our operating subsidiaries. We are taxed as a corporation for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes and, as a result, are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes, in addition to local and foreign income taxes, with respect to our allocable share of any taxable income generated by the Operating Company that will flow through to its members. The Operating Company has historically been treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes. As such, income generated by the Operating Company flows through to its members and is generally not subject to U.S. federal or state income tax at the Operating Company level. Our non-U.S. subsidiaries operate as corporate entities in non-U.S. jurisdictions. Accordingly, in some cases, these entities are subject to local or non-U.S. income taxes. In addition, certain subsidiaries are subject to local jurisdiction taxes at the entity level, with the related tax provision reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC. Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC represent the economic interests held by management and third parties in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Operating Company, fund manager entities, and employees in those entities. These non-controlling interests are allocated a share of income or loss in the respective consolidated subsidiary in proportion to their relative ownership interests, after consideration of contractual arrangements that govern allocations of income or loss. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. represents the economic interests in the Operating Company held by the third-party owners of Class A Units of the Operating Company. Non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. are allocated a share of income or loss in the Operating Company in proportion to their relative ownership interests, after consideration of contractual arrangements that govern allocations of income or loss. 
 For additional discussion of components of our condensed consolidated financial statements, refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Operating Metrics 
 We monitor certain operating metrics that are either common to the asset management industry or that we believe provide important data regarding our business. 
 
 Assets Under Management 
 AUM refers to the assets we manage. Our AUM represents the sum of (a) the fair value of the assets of the funds and vehicles we manage, plus (b) the contractual amount of any uncalled capital commitments to those funds and vehicles (including our commitments to the funds and vehicles and those of Bridge affiliates). Our AUM is not reduced by any outstanding indebtedness or other accrued but unpaid liabilities of the assets we manage. We view AUM as a metric to measure our investment and fundraising performance as it reflects assets generally at fair value plus available uncalled capital. Our calculations of AUM and fee-earning AUM may differ from the calculations of other investment managers. As a result, these measures may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other investment managers. In addition, our calculation of AUM (but not fee-earning AUM) includes uncalled commitments to (and the fair value of the assets in) the funds and vehicles we manage from Bridge and Bridge affiliates, regardless of whether such commitments or investments are subject to fees. Our definition of AUM is not based on any definition contained in the agreements governing the funds and vehicles we manage or advise. 
 54 

The following table presents a rollforward of our AUM for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 a nd 2023 (dollar amounts in millions): Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 AUM as of beginning of period 48,925 48,892 47,702 43,292 New capital / commitments raised (1) 
 289 298 744 6,479 Distributions / return of capital (2) 
 (327) (572) (1,097) (1,085) Change in fair value and acquisitions (3) 
 307 809 1,845 741 AUM as of end of period 49,194 49,427 49,194 49,427 Increase 269 535 1,492 6,135 Increase 0.5 1.1 3.1 14.2 
 (1) New capital / commitments raised generally represents limited partner capital raised by our funds and other vehicles, including any reinvestments in our open-ended vehicles. New capital / commitments raised for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes 5.1 billion of AUM attributed to the Newbury Acquisition. 
 (2) Distributions / return of capital generally represents the proceeds realized from the disposition of assets, current income, or capital returned to investors. 
 (3) Change in fair value and acquisitions generally represents realized and unrealized activity on investments held by our funds and other vehicles (including changes in fair value and changes in leverage) as well as the net impact of fees, expenses, and non-investment income. 
 
 Fee-Earning AUM 
 Fee-earning AUM reflects the assets from which we earn management fee revenue. The assets we manage that are included in our fee-earning AUM typically pay management fees based on capital commitments, invested capital or, in certain cases, NAV, depending on the fee terms. 
 Management fees are only marginally affected by market appreciation or depreciation because substantially all of the funds pay management fees based on commitments or invested capital. 
 Our calculation of fee-earning AUM may differ from the calculations of other investment managers and, as a result, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other investments managers. The following table presents a rollforward of our total fee-earning AUM for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollar amounts in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Fee-earning AUM as of beginning of period 21,485 22,238 21,703 17,334 Increases (capital raised/deployment) (1) 
 469 409 972 5,633 Changes in fair market value (8) 11 25 (2) Decreases (liquidations/other) (2) 
 (177) (879) (931) (1,186) Fee-earning AUM as of end of period 21,769 21,779 21,769 21,779 Increase (decrease) 284 (459) 66 4,445 Increase (decrease) 1.3 (2.1) 0.3 25.6 
 (1) Increases generally represent limited partner capital raised or deployed by our funds and other vehicles that is fee-earning when raised or deployed, respectively, including any reinvestments in our open-ended vehicles. Increases for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes 4.3 billion of fee-earning AUM attributed to the Newbury Acquisition. 
 (2) Decreases generally represent liquidations of investments held by our funds or other vehicles or other changes in fee basis, including the change from committed capital to invested capital after the expiration or termination of the investment period. 
 Fee-earning AUM was relatively flat as of September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023, which was largely attributed to the timing of capital raising activities and deployment, changes in fee basis for certain funds from committed to invested capital or NAV, and depreciation in fair value between periods. 
 55 

The following table summarizes the balances of fee-earning AUM by fund as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 and December 31, 2023 (in millions): As of September 30, As of December 31, 2024 2023 2023 Fee-Earning AUM by Fund Bridge Debt Strategies Fund IV 2,774 2,774 2,774 Bridge Multifamily Fund V 2,239 2,233 2,233 Newbury Equity Partners Fund V 1,951 1,951 1,951 Bridge Opportunity Zone Fund IV 1,476 1,476 1,476 Newbury Equity Partners Fund IV 1,408 1,408 1,408 Bridge Workforce Fund II 1,372 1,149 1,178 Bridge Multifamily Fund IV 1,357 1,384 1,384 Bridge Opportunity Zone Fund III 1,019 1,019 1,019 Bridge Debt Strategies Fund III 840 841 839 Bridge Seniors Housing Fund II 782 782 782 Bridge Seniors Housing Fund I 615 615 615 Bridge Opportunity Zone Fund V 550 550 550 Bridge Workforce Fund I 534 556 545 Bridge Opportunity Zone Fund I 482 482 482 Newbury Equity Partners Fund III 408 886 889 Bridge Opportunity Zone Fund II 408 408 408 Bridge Debt Strategies IV JV Partners 406 440 520 Bridge Debt Strategies Fund V 338 70 Bridge Net Lease Industrial Income Fund 302 261 289 Bridge Logistics U.S. Venture I 296 285 301 Bridge Agency MBS Fund 260 221 271 Bridge Debt Strategies Fund II 246 280 266 Bridge Opportunity Zone Fund VI 236 85 152 Bridge Single-Family Rental Fund IV 233 233 233 Newbury Equity Partners Fund VI 211 49 110 Bridge Multifamily Continuation Fund 190 190 190 Bridge Workforce Fund III 189 Bridge Office Fund II 162 161 163 Bridge Logistics U.S. Venture II 98 26 40 Bridge Office III JV Partners 92 92 92 Bridge Seniors Housing Fund III 69 65 68 Bridge Debt Strategies III JV Partners 57 137 130 Bridge Office I JV Partners 51 108 71 Bridge Debt Strategies II JV Partners 33 138 126 Bridge Single-Family Rental Fund III 
 32 32 32 Bridge Office II JV Partners 21 21 21 Bridge Solar Energy Development Fund I 14 16 16 Bridge Debt Strategies V JV Partners 9 10 Bridge Workforce II JV Partners 7 Bridge Solar I JV Partners 2 
 56 

As of September 30, As of December 31, 2024 2023 2023 Fee-Earning AUM by Fund Bridge Office Fund I 424 Bridge Ventures Fund I 1 Total Fee-Earning AUM 21,769 21,779 21,704 Average remaining fund life of closed-end funds, in years 6.4 7.0 6.8 
 
 Undeployed Capital 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 2.9 billion of undeployed capital available to be deployed for future investment or reinvestment. Of this amount, 1.6 billion is currently fee-earning based on commitments and 1.2 billion will be fee-earning if and when it is deployed. 
 
 Our Performance 
 We have a demonstrated record of producing attractive returns for our fund investors across our platforms. Our historical investment returns for our closed-end funds by platform are shown in the chart below (dollar amounts in millions): 
 Investment Performance Summary as of September 30, 2024 Closed-End Funds (1) 
 (Investment Period Beginning, Ending Date) 
 Cumulative Fund Committed Capital (2) 
 Unreturned Drawn Capital plus Accrued Pref (3) 
 Cumulative Investment Invested Capital (4) 
 Realized Investment Value (5) 
 Unrealized Investment Value (6) 
 Unrealized Investment MOIC (7) 
 Total Investment Fair Value (8) 
 Total Investment MOIC (9) 
 Investor Levered Net IRR (10) 
 Investor Unlevered Net IRR (11) 
 (in millions) Equity Strategies Funds Multifamily Bridge Multifamily I (Mar 2009, Mar 2013) 
 124 150 280 N/A 280 1.87x 15.1 15.1 Bridge Multifamily II (Apr 2012, Apr 2015) 
 596 605 1,264 N/A 1,264 2.09x 23.0 22.5 Bridge Multifamily III (Jan 2015, Jan 2018) 
 912 904 2,004 N/A 2,004 2.22x 18.4 17.9 Bridge Multifamily IV (Jun 2018, Jun 2021) 
 1,590 1,665 1,537 566 2,264 1.81x 2,830 1.84x 12.9 12.7 Bridge Multifamily V (Jul 2021, to present) 2,257 1,700 1,355 60 1,015 0.79x 1,075 0.79x (18.3) (16.7) Bridge MF Continuation Vehicle (N/A) 201 220 187 4 248 1.34x 252 1.35x 22.6 22.6 Total Multifamily Funds (12) 
 5,680 3,585 4,738 4,179 3,527 1.32x 7,706 1.63x 14.3 14.0 Workforce Affordable Housing Bridge Workforce Housing I (Aug 2017, Aug 2020) 
 619 665 598 239 902 1.84x 1,141 1.91x 11.7 11.7 Bridge Workforce Housing II (Aug 2020, Aug 2024) 
 1,741 1,624 1,403 166 1,302 1.05x 1,468 1.05x (1.9) (1.6) Total Workforce Affordable Housing Funds (12) 
 2,360 2,289 2,001 405 2,204 1.27x 2,609 1.30x 5.7 5.7 Secondaries Newbury Equity Partners I (Sep 2006, Mar 2013) 
 702 631 1,039 17 1.63x 1,056 1.67x 8.2 8.1 Newbury Equity Partners II (Oct 2009, Oct 2015) 
 1,024 860 1,529 87 1.75x 1,616 1.88x 14.9 14.8 Newbury Equity Partners III (Jul 2013, Mar 2019) 
 1,102 987 1,385 407 1.79x 1,792 1.82x 14.2 12.5 Newbury Equity Partners IV (May 2017, Feb 2023) 
 1,447 739 1,283 873 1,521 1.90x 2,394 1.87x 15.3 13.1 Newbury Equity Partners V (Nov 2019, to present) 
 2,000 1,531 1,681 289 2,026 1.37x 2,316 1.38x 12.0 10.0 Total Secondaries Funds (12) 
 6,275 2,270 5,442 5,115 4,058 1.65x 9,173 1.69x 12.4 11.6 
 57 

Investment Performance Summary as of September 30, 2024 Closed-End Funds (1) 
 (Investment Period Beginning, Ending Date) 
 Cumulative Fund Committed Capital (2) 
 Unreturned Drawn Capital plus Accrued Pref (3) 
 Cumulative Investment Invested Capital (4) 
 Realized Investment Value (5) 
 Unrealized Investment Value (6) 
 Unrealized Investment MOIC (7) 
 Total Investment Fair Value (8) 
 Total Investment MOIC (9) 
 Investor Levered Net IRR (10) 
 Investor Unlevered Net IRR (11) 
 Single-Family Rental Bridge SFR Predecessor Fund I (Jan 2013, Jan 2015) 
 51 47 165 N/A 165 3.53x 15.7 15.7 Bridge SFR Predecessor Fund II (Jan 2015, Jan 2017) 
 90 81 233 N/A 233 2.88x 16.5 16.5 Bridge SFR Predecessor Fund III (Aug 2019, Aug 2022) 
 34 44 31 63 2.05x 63 2.05x 14.6 14.6 Bridge Single-Family Rental IV 
 (Jan 2022, to present) 
 150 176 149 9 198 1.38x 207 1.39x 11.2 10.3 Total Single-Family Rental Funds (12) 
 324 220 307 407 261 1.50x 668 2.17x 15.6 15.4 Opportunity Zone Opportunity Zone I (Apr 2019, Dec 2019) 
 509 692 551 64 453 0.94x 517 0.94x (3.6) (3.4) Total Opportunity Zone Fund (12) 
 509 692 551 64 453 0.94x 517 0.94x (3.6) (3.4) Office Bridge Office I (Jul 2017, Jul 2020) 
 573 769 643 178 (62) 0.10x 116 0.18x Bridge Office II (Dec 2019, Dec 2022) 
 208 239 251 84 124 0.83x 208 0.83x (12.1) (10.0) Total Office Funds (12) 
 781 1,008 894 262 62 0.39x 324 0.36x Seniors Housing Bridge Seniors I (Jan 2014, Jan 2018) 
 578 932 763 461 276 0.84x 737 0.97x (3.8) (3.6) Bridge Seniors II (Mar 2017, Mar 2020) 
 820 946 803 339 554 1.13x 893 1.11x (0.6) (0.5) Bridge Seniors III (Nov 2020, to present) 48 44 30 5 40 1.49x 45 1.49x 5.9 5.8 Total Seniors Housing Funds (12) 
 1,446 1,922 1,596 805 870 1.02x 1,675 1.05x (2.1) (1.9) Logistics Value Bridge Logistics Value I (Nov 2021, to present) 
 336 380 308 312 1.01x 312 1.01x (2.3) (0.6) Total Logistics Value Fund 336 380 308 312 1.01x 312 1.01x (2.3) (0.6) Debt Strategies Funds Bridge Debt I (Sep 2014, Sep 2017) 
 132 219 264 N/A 264 1.21x 5.9 5.9 Bridge Debt II (July 2016, July 2019) 
 1,002 236 2,835 3,079 174 1.13x 3,253 1.15x 7.5 7.4 Bridge Debt III (May 2018, May 2021) 
 1,624 813 6,814 6,769 787 1.21x 7,556 1.11x 8.9 8.8 Bridge Debt IV (Nov 2020, to present) 
 2,888 2,771 9,682 7,853 2,668 1.21x 10,521 1.09x 9.3 8.8 Total Debt Strategies Funds (12) 
 5,646 3,820 19,550 17,965 3,629 1.21x 21,594 1.10x 8.5 8.3 
 Footnotes: 
 The investment performance presented herein is intended to illustrate the performance of investments held by the funds and other vehicles we manage and the potential for which is relevant to the performance-based fees to Bridge. Other than the Investor Unlevered Net IRR and the Investor Levered Net IRR numbers presented herein, the cash flows in the investment performance do not reflect the cash flows used in presentations of fund performance due to the fund level expenses, reserves, and reinvested capital. 
 (1) Closed-End Funds represented herein does not include performance for (i) certain Opportunity Zone funds with investments which have not been marked-to-market, and (ii) funds that are currently raising capital, including our open-ended funds. Each fund identified contemplates all associated parallel and feeder limited partnerships in which investors subscribe and accordingly share common management. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the combined presentation. Values and performance presented herein are the combined investor returns gross of any applicable legal entity taxes. 
 (2) Cumulative Fund Committed Capital represents total capital commitments to the fund (excluding joint ventures or separately managed accounts). 
 (3) Unreturned Drawn Capital + Accrued Pref represents the amount the fund needs to distribute to its investors as a return of capital and a preferred return before the General Partner is entitled to receive performance fees or allocations from the fund. 
 58 

(4) Cumulative Investment Invested Capital represents the total cost of investments since inception (including any recycling or refinancing of investments). This figure will differ from Cumulative Paid-In Capital, which represents the total contributions or drawn down commitments from all investors since inception. 
 (5) Realized Investment Value represents net cash proceeds received in connection with all investments, including distributions from investments and disposition proceeds. 
 (6) Unrealized Investment Value represents the estimated liquidation values that are generally based upon appraisals, contracts and internal estimates. There can be no assurance that Unrealized Investment Fair Value will be realized at valuations shown, and realized values will depend on numerous factors including, among others, future asset-level operating results, asset values and market conditions at the time of disposition, transaction costs, and the timing and manner of disposition, all of which may differ from the assumptions on which the Unrealized Investment Fair Value are based. Direct fund investments in real property are held at cost minus transaction expenses for the first six months. 
 (7) Unrealized Investment MOIC represents the Multiple on Invested Capital MOIC for Total Investment Fair Value associated with unrealized investments before management fees, fund level expenses and carried interest, divided by Cumulative Investment Invested Capital attributable to those unrealized investments. 
 (8) Total Investment Fair Value represents the sum of Realized Investment Value and Unrealized Investment Value, before management fees, expenses and carried interest. 
 (9) Total Investment MOIC represents MOIC for Total Investment Fair Value divided by Cumulative Investment Invested Capital. 
 (10) Investor Levered Net IRR is an annualized realized and unrealized internal rate of return to fee-paying fund investors, computed from inception based on the effective dates of cash inflows (capital contributions) and cash outflows (distributions) and the remaining fair value, net of the investors actual management fees, fund level expenses, and carried interest. Net return information reflects aggregated fund-level returns for fee-paying investors using actual management fees paid by the fund. The actual management fee rates from individual investors will be higher and lower than the actual aggregate fund level rate. This return may differ from actual investor level returns due to timing, variance in fees paid by investors, and other investor-specific investment costs such as taxes. Because IRRs are time-weighted calculations, for newer funds with short measurement periods, IRRs may be amplified by fund leverage and early fund expenses and may not be meaningful. For IRRs calculated with an initial date less than one year from the reporting date, the IRR presented is de-annualized, representing such period's return. 
 (11) Investor Unlevered Net IRR is an annualized realized and unrealized internal rate of return to fee-paying fund investors, computed from inception based on the effective dates of cash inflows (capital contributions and drawdowns on fund lines of credit) and cash outflows (distributions and repayments on fund lines of credit) and the remaining fair value (after removing outstanding balances on fund lines of credit), net of the investors actual management fees, fund level expenses, and carried interest. Net return information reflects aggregated fund-level returns for fee-paying investors using actual management fees paid by the fund. The actual management fee rates from individual investors will be higher and lower than the actual aggregate fund level rate. Because IRRs are time-weighted calculations, for newer funds with short measurement periods, this IRR may be amplified by early fund expenses and may not be meaningful. For IRRs calculated with an initial date less than one year from the reporting date, the IRR presented is de-annualized, representing such period's return. 
 (12) Any composite returns presented herein do not represent actual returns received by any one investor and are for illustrative purposes only. Composite performance is based on actual cash flows of the funds within a strategy over the applicable timeframes and are prepared using certain assumptions. Each fund has varied investment periods and investments were made during different market environments; past performance of prior funds within a strategy is not a guarantee of future results. Fund investors generally pay fees based on a defined percentage of total commitments during the investment period and invested capital thereafter, but some fund investors may pay fees based on invested capital for the life of the fund according to the applicable governing documents. Additional information on the calculation of this composite performance, including applicable assumptions and supporting data, can be made available promptly upon request. 
 Indicates a negative return that results in an IRR that is incalculable. The returns for Total Office Funds are not presented because Bridge Office I is incalculable. 
 The returns presented above are those of the primary funds in each platform and not those of the Company. The returns presented above do not include returns for joint ventures or separately managed accounts. An investment in our Class A common stock is not an investment in any of our funds. The historical returns attributable to our platforms are presented for illustrative purposes only and should not be considered as indicative of the future returns of our Class A common stock or any of our current or future funds. These returns are presented by platform and include multiple funds of varied vintage, including funds that are fully realized, and performance of a specific fund within a platform can vary materially from the return of the platform as a whole. The returns represent aggregate returns for the U.S. domiciled partnerships, and such aggregate returns may differ materially from the fund-level returns for each individual partnership co-investment vehicles or separately managed accounts or each non-U.S. partnership due to varied management fee structures, timing of investments, contributions and distributions and additional structuring costs and taxes. 
 There is no guarantee that any fund or other vehicle within a platform will achieve its investment objectives or achieve comparable investment returns. 

59 

Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Amount Change Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 Revenues: Fund management fees 61,069 61,450 (381) (1 Property management and leasing fees 17,690 19,507 (1,817) (9 Construction management fees 1,845 3,086 (1,241) (40 Development fees 896 247 649 263 Transaction fees 6,279 9,679 (3,400) (35 Fund administration fees 4,224 4,359 (135) (3 Insurance premiums 5,595 4,654 941 20 Other asset management and property income 3,908 3,289 619 19 Total revenues 101,506 106,271 (4,765) (4 
 Fund Management Fees . Our fee-earning AUM was relatively flat as of September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023, which was attributed to the timing of capital raising activities and deployment, changes in fee basis for certain funds from committed to invested capital or NAV, and depreciation in fair value between periods. Our weighted-average management fee, which varies largely due to the size of investor commitments, was 1.36 as of both September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Fund management fees decreased by 0.4 million, or 1 , which was largely due to the timing of reductions in fee-earning AUM from the conversion of certain funds management fee basis from committed capital to invested capital or NAV and from reductions attributed to BOF I, and certain of its related joint ventures, due to unfavorable market conditions in the commercial office sector, which together reduced fund management fees by 2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. These decreases were partially offset by contributions of 2.0 million from Bridge Opportunity Zone Fund VI, which launched in the second quarter of 2023, from Bridge Workforce and Affordable Housing Fund III, which launched in the second quarter of 2024, and from deployment in Bridge Debt Strategies Fund V, as well as the timing of placement agents fees. 
 
 Property Management and Leasing Fees . Property management and leasing fees decreased by 1.8 million, or 9 , due to a reduction in the number of seniors housing and commercial office properties managed, which was partially offset by additional fees from an increase in the number of workforce and affordable housing properties managed. 
 
 Construction Management Fees . Construction management fees decreased by 1.2 million, or 40 , primarily due to the decrease in real estate asset acquisitions during the past 12 months. For assets acquired with value-add opportunities, the majority of the exterior construction is completed within the first year after acquisition. 
 Development Fees . Development fees increased by 0.6 million, or 263 , primarily due to the timing of projects. 
 Transaction Fees . Transaction fees decreased by 3.4 million, or 35 , primarily driven by a 4.1 million reduction in due diligence fees, which was largely attributed to a workforce and affordable housing portfolio acquisition that closed in the third quarter of 2023. This decrease was offset by a 0.7 million increase in debt origination fees, which was driven by the timing of deployment of capital. 
 Fund Administration Fees. Fund administration fees, which are based on invested capital, decreased by 0.1 million, or 3 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to credit losses written off or reserved related to BOF I and II recognized in 2024. 
 60 

Insurance Premiums . Insurance premiums increased by 0.9 million, or 20 , primarily due to higher general liability and property premiums in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 
 Other Asset Management and Property Income . Other asset management and property income increased by 0.6 million, or 19 , primarily due to an increase in additional accounting service fees during 2024. 
 
 Investment income (loss) Three Months Ended September 30, Amount Change Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 Investment income (loss): Performance allocations: Realized 10,434 20,225 (9,791) (48) Unrealized 612 (50,940) 51,552 101 Earnings from investments in real estate 537 (537) (100) Total investment income (loss) 11,046 (30,178) 41,224 (137) 
 Performance Allocations. Net performance allocations increased by 41.8 million, or 136 . The following table reflects our carried interest and incentive fees by fund (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Realized Unrealized Realized Unrealized BDS IV GP 5,240 5,508 2,912 3,981 BAMBS GP 902 3,051 BMF IV GP 807 (4,603) BSFR IV GP 276 (68) BSH III GP 157 166 BDS V GP 13 NEP V GP (1) 
 (2) 47 BMF III GP (31) 14,671 (40,970) BOF III GP (92) BDS III GP 158 (571) 2,642 (2,497) BMF CV GP (608) BWH I GP (1,025) 2,421 BNLI GP 5,036 (4,722) 1,565 BDS II GP (2,619) BOF II GP (11,414) Total 10,434 612 20,225 (50,940) 
 (1) The performance allocation income for Newbury Partners Fund V represents the portion payable to former employees of Newbury Partners and therefore no portion of such amount has or will be retained by the Company. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the realized performance income allocations were primarily related to the timing of tax distributions in Bridge Debt Strategies Funds III and IV between periods as well as fee related performance revenue earned in the third quarter of 2024 related to the crystallization of carried interest for our open-end Net Lease strategy. In July 2023, the realized performance income in Bridge Multifamily Fund III was related to dispositions, including the recapitalization of assets into a continuation vehicle. 
 61 

The unrealized performance income (loss) allocation is recorded one quarter in arrears, and as such the performance allocation income (loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 reflects asset valuations as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the change in unrealized performance allocations was largely due to the reversal of realized performance allocation income during the period. 
 
 Expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Amount Change Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 Expenses: Employee compensation and benefits 64,135 58,557 5,578 10 Incentive fee compensation 1 (1) (100) Performance allocations compensation: Realized 6,165 2,712 3,453 127 Unrealized 759 1,788 (1,029) 58 Loss and loss adjustment expenses 7,206 2,953 4,253 144 Third-party operating expenses 3,363 5,520 (2,157) (39) General and administrative expenses 12,342 12,142 200 2 Depreciation and amortization 4,997 5,275 (278) (5) Total expenses 98,967 88,948 10,019 11 
 Employee Compensation and Benefits . Employee compensation and benefits increased by 5.6 million, or 10 , largely due to a net increase in salaries and benefits attributed to changes in headcount, inflation adjustments to compensation, and increased variable compensation. 
 Performance Allocations Compensation. Net performance allocations compensation increased by approximately 2.4 million, or 54 , which is directly correlated to the changes in our realized and unrealized performance allocation income during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to realized performance allocation income and unrealized performance allocation loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Loss and Loss Adjustment Expenses . Loss and loss adjustment expenses increased by 4.3 million, or 144 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily related to a one-time loss of approximately 2.0 million associated with a claim in our captive insurance company during 2024, which resulted in a 1.5 million increase in our incurred but not reported reserves. The remaining increase was attributed to rising costs (correlated with an increase in insurance premiums) and property losses, which are subject to stop loss amounts. 
 Third-party Operating Expenses. Third-party operating expenses decreased by 2.2 million, or 39 , primarily due to a reduction in the number of seniors housing properties managed, which was attributed to fund-level dispositions during the second half of 2023, as well as a reduction in leasing commissions attributed to the timing of leasing activity. 
 General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses increased by 0.2 million, or 2 , primarily non-recurring expenses attributed to transactions costs, severance and other costs as well as credit losses written off related to BOF I, which was partially offset by a reduction in software costs, legal services and consulting fees. 
 Depreciation and Amortization . Depreciation and amortization decreased by 0.3 million, or 5 , primarily attributed to the timing of depreciation and amortization between periods. 
 62 

Other (expense) income 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Amount Change Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 Other (expense) income Realized and unrealized (losses) gains, net (3,254) (519) 2,735 527 Interest income 4,271 4,428 (157) (4) Interest expense (6,452) (7,841) (1,389) (18) Total other expense (5,435) (3,932) 1,503 (38) 
 Realized and Unrealized (Losses) Gains, Net . Realized and unrealized (losses) gains, net increased by 2.7 million, or 527 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, which was primarily attributed to the timing of depreciation recognized on certain other investments during the respective periods. 
 Interest Income . Interest income decreased by 0.2 million, or 4 , largely due to the timing of distribution income from our secondaries funds, which was partially offset by an increase in interest income attributed to the weighted-average cash and cash equivalents outstanding during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. 
 Interest Expense . Interest expense decreased by 1.4 million, or 18 , due to the outstanding balance on the Credit Facility between periods. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC. The following table summarizes the allocation of net income (loss) to the non-controlling interests in the Operating Company (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Non-controlling interests related to General Partners - realized 1,384 10,280 Non-controlling interests related to General Partners - unrealized 77 (31,990) Non-controlling interests related to Fund Managers (1,763) 1,523 Non-controlling interests related to 2019 profits interests awards 180 229 Non-controlling interests related to 2020 profits interests awards (64) Non-controlling interests related to 2021 profits interests awards (65) Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC (251) (19,958) 
 Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. was 6.2 million and 1.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 On July 1, 2023, certain of the Company s 2021 profits interests awards were collapsed into 489,407 shares of our Class A common stock and 2,429,453 Class A Units. The 2021 profits interests awards were collapsed based on their then-current fair values and the relative value of the Company, based on Distributable Earnings (as defined below) attributable to the Operating Company, Distributable Earnings of the applicable subsidiary where such profits interests are currently held, and the market price of our Class A common stock, in each case as of the date of the collapse. This resulted in a decrease in net income attributable to non-controlling interests for the applicable periods; however, there was also a corresponding increase in the aggregate number of outstanding Class A Units at the Operating Company (or shares of our Class A common stock). 
 63 

Income tax benefit (expense) 
 Income tax expense decreased by 3.5 million, or 320 , to a benefit of 2.4 million primarily due to the timing and amount of the reversal of unrealized accrued performance allocations during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Amount Change Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 Revenues: Fund management fees 183,627 175,616 8,011 5 Property management and leasing fees 55,390 58,536 (3,146) (5 Construction management fees 5,357 9,273 (3,916) (42 Development fees 2,555 1,919 636 33 Transaction fees 19,483 16,738 2,745 16 Fund administration fees 13,860 12,839 1,021 8 Insurance premiums 16,697 12,868 3,829 30 Other asset management and property income 12,087 8,732 3,355 38 Total revenues 309,056 296,521 12,535 4 
 Fund Management Fees . Our fee-earning AUM was relatively flat as of September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023, which was largely attributed to the timing of capital raising activities and deployment, changes in fee basis for certain funds from committed to invested capital or NAV, and depreciation in fair value between periods. Our weighted-average management fee, which varies largely due to the size of investor commitments, was 1.36 as of both September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Fund management fees increased by 8.0 million, or 5 , primarily attributed to the Newbury Acquisition, the timing of capital raising for funds launched in 2023 and 2024, from deployment by Bridge Debt Strategies Fund IV, whose fees are primarily based on invested capital, and by Bridge Net Lease Industrial Income Fund, whose fees are based on NAV. These factors contributed an additional 17.7 million of fund management fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These increases were partially offset by decreases of 9.1 million largely due to the timing of reductions in fee-earning AUM from the conversion of certain funds management fee basis from committed to invested capital or NAV, the timing of catch up fees recognized between periods, and from reductions attributed to BOF I and certain of its related joint ventures due to unfavorable market conditions in the commercial office sector. 
 
 Property Management and Leasing Fees . Property management and leasing fees decreased by 3.1 million, or 5 , due to a reduction in the number of commercial office and seniors housing properties managed. These decreases were partially offset by additional fees, which were primarily attributed to an increase in the number of multifamily, workforce and affordable housing and opportunity zone properties managed as well as leasing commissions recognized in 2024. 
 Construction Management Fees . Construction management fees decreased by 3.9 million, or 42 , primarily due to the timing of projects for commercial office, multifamily housing and workforce and affordable housing properties, which was attributed to a decrease in real estate asset acquisitions during the past 12 months. For assets acquired with value-add opportunities, the majority of the exterior construction is completed within the first year after acquisition. 
 
 Transaction Fees . Transaction fees increased by 2.7 million, or 16 , primarily driven by a 2.5 million increase in due diligence fees driven by the deployment of capital in our development and multifamily equity funds during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. An additional increase of 0.2 million was attributed to debt origination fees largely due to seniors housing properties. 
 64 

Fund Administration Fees. Fund administration fees increased by 1.0 million, or 8 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, largely due to an increase in fee-earning AUM for certain of our credit, opportunity zone and secondaries funds compared to 2023, which was partially offset by credit losses written off or reserved related to BOF I and II recognized in 2024. 
 Insurance Premiums . Insurance premiums increased by 3.8 million, or 30 , largely due to an increase in property and general liability premiums. 
 Other Asset Management and Property Income . Other asset management and property income increased by 3.4 million, or 38 , primarily due to an increase in additional accounting, legal and tax services fees compared to 2023 and rebates received during 2024. 
 
 Investment income 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Amount Change Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 Investment (loss) income: Incentive fees 41 (41) (100) Performance allocations: Realized 30,466 31,812 (1,346) (4) Unrealized (42,526) (177,249) 134,723 76 Earnings from investments in real estate 752 (752) (100) Total investment (loss) income (12,060) (144,644) 132,584 (92) 
 Performance allocations. Net performance allocations increased by 133.4 million, or 92 . The following table reflects our carried interest and incentive fees by fund (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Realized Unrealized Realized Unrealized BMF IV GP (34,215) (42,120) BWH I GP (9,777) (19,869) BDS II GP 96 (6,114) (7,502) BNLI GP 5,036 (3,923) 1,869 BDS III GP 1,682 (3,097) 5,542 (18,095) BMF CV GP (2,495) BSFR IV GP (2,114) (3,290) BDS V GP 25 NEP V GP (1) 
 78 456 BOF III GP 204 BSH III GP 403 336 BMF III GP 459 20,469 (63,499) BAMBS GP 3,275 3,387 BDS IV GP 23,652 14,765 5,801 1,092 BWH II GP (13,774) BOF II GP (14,388) BLV I GP (1,852) Total 30,466 (42,526) 31,812 (177,249) 
 (1) The performance allocation income for Newbury Partners Fund V represents the portion payable to former employees of Newbury Partners and therefore no portion of such amount will be retained by the Company. 
 65 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the realized performance income allocations were primarily related to the timing of tax distributions in Bridge Debt Strategies Funds II, III and IV between periods as well as fee-related performance revenue earned in 2024 by our general partner in our open-end Bridge Net Lease Industrial Income Fund. In 2023, the realized performance income in Bridge Multifamily Fund III was related to dispositions, including the recapitalization of assets into a continuation vehicle. 
 The unrealized performance income (loss) allocation is recorded one quarter in arrears, and as such the performance allocation loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 reflects asset valuations as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change in unrealized performance allocations was largely due to the underlying market fundamentals between 2024 and 2023, which contributed to the depreciation of properties within our multifamily, workforce and affordable housing funds and credit funds, and includes the reversal of realized performance allocation income. 
 
 Expenses 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Amount Change Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 Expenses: Employee compensation and benefits 189,656 166,111 23,545 14 Incentive fee compensation 4 (4) (100) Performance allocations compensation: Realized 17,320 4,939 12,381 251 Unrealized 2,787 (17,531) 20,318 (116) Loss and loss adjustment expenses 14,324 6,957 7,367 106 Third-party operating expenses 10,875 16,849 (5,974) (35) General and administrative expenses 33,089 38,903 (5,814) (15) Depreciation and amortization 14,943 11,487 3,456 30 Total expenses 282,994 227,719 55,275 24 
 Employee Compensation and Benefits . Employee compensation and benefits increased by 23.5 million, or 14 , largely due to a net increase of 19.5 million in salaries and benefits attributed to changes in headcount, inflation adjustments to compensation, and increased variable compensation. An additional increase of 4.0 million was attributed to Restricted Stock and RSU awards granted in January 2024 and the additional expense related to the 2023 profits interests awards that were granted in March 2023. 
 Performance Allocations Compensation. Performance allocations compensation increased by 32.7 million, or 260 , primarily due to a 20.3 million increase in unrealized performance allocation compensation and an increase of 12.4 million due to to realized performance allocation awards, which is directly correlated to our performance allocation income (loss) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to performance allocation income (loss) during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Loss and Loss Adjustment Expenses . Loss and loss adjustment expenses increased by 7.4 million, or 106 , primarily due to a one-time loss of approximately 2.0 million associated with a claim in our captive insurance company during 2024, which resulted in a 1.5 million increase in our incurred but not reported reserves. The remaining increase was attributed to rising costs (correlated with an increase in insurance premiums) and property losses, which are subject to stop loss amounts. 
 Third-party Operating Expenses. Third-party operating expenses decreased by 6.0 million, or 35 , primarily due to a reduction in the number of seniors housing properties managed as well as a reduction in leasing commissions attributed to the timing of leasing activity. 
 66 

General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses decreased by 5.8 million, or 15 , primarily due to 3.6 million of non-recurring transaction costs incurred related to the Newbury Acquisition and a 2.1 million reduction in consolidated fund-level expenses, with the remaining decrease attributed to overall reduction in overhead expenses. 
 Depreciation and Amortization . Depreciation and amortization increased by 3.5 million, or 30 , primarily attributed to additional amortization for intangibles acquired as part of the Newbury Acquisition. 
 
 Other (expense) income 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Amount Change Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 Other (expense) income Realized and unrealized gains (losses), net (10,757) (399) (10,358) 2596 Interest income 14,412 11,609 2,803 24 Interest expense (20,662) (20,722) 60 Total other expense (17,007) (9,512) (7,495) 79 
 Realized and Unrealized (Losses) Gains, Net . Net realized and unrealized (losses) gains decreased by 10.4 million, or 2596 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which was primarily attributed to depreciation recognized on certain other investments, including those investments acquired as part of the Newbury Acquisition. 
 Interest Income . Interest income increased by 2.8 million, or 24 , largely due to the timing of distribution income for interests acquired in the Newbury Acquisition. 
 Interest Expense . Interest expense was relatively flat as of September 30, 2024 compared to 2023, which was related to the 2023 Private Placement Notes that funded in March 2023, which resulted in an additional 2.6 million of interest expense in 2024 compared to 2023. This increase was offset by a 2.7 million reduction in interest expense largely attributed to a lower weighted-average outstanding balance on the Credit Facility in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 Net (Loss) Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC. Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC comprises non-controlling interests related to the Operating Company s subsidiaries and to our profits interests programs. The following table summarizes the allocation of net (loss) income to the non-controlling interests in the Operating Company (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Non-controlling interests related to General Partners - realized 5,439 15,966 Non-controlling interests related to General Partners - unrealized (27,914) (92,742) Non-controlling interests related to Fund Managers (5,413) (3,956) Non-controlling interests related to 2019 profits interests awards 262 339 Non-controlling interests related to 2020 profits interests awards (386) Non-controlling interests related to 2021 profits interests awards (334) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings LLC (28,346) (80,393) 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. was 17.6 million and net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. was 5.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 On January 1, 2023, certain of the Company s 2020 profits interests awards were collapsed into 801,927 shares of our Class A common stock and 2,025,953 Class A Units. On July 1, 2023, certain of the Company s 2021 profits interests awards were collapsed into 489,407 shares of our Class A common stock and 2,429,453 Class A Units. The 2020 and 2021 
 67 

profits interests were collapsed based on their then-current fair values and the relative value of the Company, based on Distributable Earnings attributable to the Operating Company, Distributable Earnings of the applicable subsidiary where such profits interests are currently held, and the market price of our Class A common stock, in each case as of the date of the collapse. This resulted in a decrease in net income attributable to non-controlling interests for the applicable periods; however, there was also a corresponding increase in the number of outstanding Class A Units at the Operating Company (or shares of our Class A common stock). 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 Income tax expense decreased by 7.0 million, or 257 , to a benefit of 4.3 million, which was primarily due to the reversal of unrealized accrued performance allocations during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures 
 We use non-GAAP financial measures, such as Distributable Earnings, Fee Related Earnings, Fee Related Revenues and Fee Related Expenses, to supplement financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe that excluding certain items from our GAAP results allows management to better understand our condensed consolidated financial performance from period to period and better project our future condensed consolidated financial performance as forecasts are developed at a level of detail different from that used to prepare GAAP-based financial measures. Fee Related Revenues and Fee Related Expenses are presented separately in our calculation of non-GAAP measures in order to better illustrate the profitability of our Fee Related Earnings. Moreover, we believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide our stakeholders with useful information to help them evaluate our operating results by facilitating an enhanced understanding of our operating performance and enabling them to make more meaningful period to period comparisons. 
 There are limitations to the use of the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this report. For example, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered as indicators of performance in isolation from or as a substitute for measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, and should be read only in conjunction with financial information presented on a GAAP basis. Reconciliations of each of Distributable Earnings, Fee Related Earnings, Fee Related Revenues and Fee Related Expenses to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are presented below. We encourage you to review the reconciliations in conjunction with the presentation of the non-GAAP financial measures for each of the periods presented. In future fiscal periods, we may exclude such items and may incur income and expenses similar to these excluded items. 
 Distributable Earnings . Distributable Earnings is a key performance measure used in our industry and is evaluated regularly by management in making resource deployment and compensation decisions, and in assessing our performance. We believe that reporting Distributable Earnings is helpful to understanding our business and that investors should review the same supplemental financial measure that management uses to analyze our performance. 
 Distributable Earnings differs from net income before the provision for income taxes, computed in accordance with GAAP in that it does not include depreciation and amortization, income (loss) from consolidated Bridge-sponsored funds, unrealized performance allocations and related compensation expense, unrealized gains (losses), share-based compensation, cash net income attributable to non-controlling interests, charges (credits) related to corporate actions and non-recurring items. Such items, where applicable, include: charges associated with acquisitions or strategic investments, changes in the TRA liability, corporate conversion costs, amortization and any impairment charges associated with acquired intangible assets, transaction costs associated with acquisitions, impairment charges associated with lease right-of-use assets, gains and losses from the retirement of debt, charges associated with contract terminations and employee severance. Distributable Earnings is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. Although we believe the inclusion or exclusion of these items provides investors with a meaningful indication of our core operating performance, the use of Distributable Earnings without consideration of the related GAAP measures is not adequate due to the adjustments described herein. This measure supplements and should be considered in addition to and not in lieu of the results of operations discussed further under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our calculations of Distributable Earnings may differ from the calculations of other investment managers. As a result, these measures may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other investment managers. 
 68 

Fee Related Earnings . Fee Related Earnings is a supplemental performance measure used to assess our ability to generate profits from fee-based revenues that are measured and received on a recurring basis. Fee Related Earnings differs from net income (loss) before provision for income taxes, computed in accordance with GAAP in that it adjusts for the items included in the calculation of Distributable Earnings, and also adjusts Distributable Earnings to exclude realized performance allocations income and related compensation expense, net insurance income, earnings from investments, net interest (interest income less interest expense), net realized gain (loss), income (loss) from consolidated fund investments, and, if applicable, certain general and net administrative expenses when the timing of any future payment is uncertain. Fee Related Earnings is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. The use of Fee Related Earnings without consideration of the related GAAP measures is not adequate due to the adjustments described herein. Our calculations of Fee Related Earnings may differ from the calculations of other investment managers. As a result, these measures may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other investment managers. During the second quarter of 2024, we revised our definition of Fee Related Earnings to account for the impact of fee related performance revenue related to our open-end funds, which have become more meaningful to our results of operations. However, this does not impact historical performance measures as no such fees have yet been realized, and therefore the revised definition will only effect Fee Related Earnings on a prospective basis. 
 Fee Related Revenues . Fee Related Revenues is a component of Fee Related Earnings. Fee Related Revenues includes fund management fees, transaction fees net of any third-party operating expenses, fee related performance revenue net of fee related performance compensation, net earnings from Bridge property operators, development fees, fund administration fees, and other asset management and property income. 
 Fee related performance revenue comprises performance-based fees earned by our general partners from open-end funds. These fees are generally based on the investment returns, subject to preferred returns and/or high-watermarks, for the applicable measurement period of the open-end fund. Fee related performance revenues are measured and eligible to be received on a recurring basis and are not dependent on realization events from the underlying investments. 
 Net earnings from Bridge property operators is calculated as a summation of property management, leasing fees and construction management fees less third-party operating expenses and property operating expenses. Property operating expenses is calculated as a summation of employee compensation and benefits, general and administrative expenses and interest expense at our property operators. We believe our vertical integration enhances returns to our shareholders and fund investors, and we view the net earnings from Bridge property operators as part of our fee related revenue as these services are provided to essentially all of the real estate properties in our equity funds. Net earnings from Bridge property operators is a metric that is included in management s review of our business. 
 Please refer to the reconciliation below to the comparable line items on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Fee Related Revenues differs from revenue computed in accordance with GAAP in that it excludes insurance premiums and income (loss) from consolidated fund investments. Additionally, Fee Related Revenues is reduced by the costs associated with our property operations, which are managed internally in order to enhance returns to the Limited Partners in our funds. 
 Fee Related Expenses . Fee Related Expenses is a component of Fee Related Earnings. Fee Related Expenses differs from expenses computed in accordance with GAAP in that it does not include incentive fee compensation, performance allocations compensation, share-based compensation, loss and loss adjustment expenses associated with our insurance business, depreciation and amortization, or charges (credits) related to corporate actions and non-recurring items, expenses from consolidated fund investments, and expenses attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities. Additionally, Fee Related Expenses is reduced by the costs associated with our property operations, which are managed internally in order to enhance returns to the Limited Partners in our funds. Fee Related Expenses are used in management s review of the business. Please refer to the reconciliation below to the comparable line items on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Fee Related Revenues and Fee Related Expenses are presented separately in our calculation of non-GAAP measures in order to better illustrate the profitability of our Fee Related Earnings. 
 69 

Income before provision for income taxes is the GAAP financial measure most comparable to Distributable Earnings and Fee Related Earnings. The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income to Distributable Earnings attributable to the Operating Company and to Total Fee Related Earnings attributable to the Operating Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 10,583 (17,894) 1,278 (88,085) Income tax expense (benefit) 
 (2,433) 1,107 (4,283) 2,731 Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 8,150 (16,787) (3,005) (85,354) Depreciation and amortization 4,997 5,275 14,943 11,487 Impact of fund consolidation (710) 1,314 (3,040) 3,574 Less: Unrealized performance allocations (612) 50,940 42,526 177,249 Plus: Unrealized performance allocations compensation 759 1,788 2,787 (17,531) Less: Unrealized losses (gains), net 4,043 (1,113) 10,770 (1,237) Plus: Share-based compensation 10,624 10,655 35,166 31,134 Plus: Transaction and non-recurring costs (1) 
 2,848 80 3,915 4,198 Less: Cash (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests in subsidiaries (1,008) (1,074) (3,248) 1,646 Less: Net realized performance allocations attributable to non-controlling interests (862) (10,280) (4,924) (15,966) Distributable Earnings attributable to the Operating Company 28,229 40,798 95,890 109,200 Realized performance allocations and incentive fees (5,398) (20,225) (25,430) (31,853) Realized performance allocations and incentive fees compensation 3,154 2,713 14,309 4,943 Net realized performance allocations to non-controlling interests 862 10,280 4,917 15,966 Net insurance loss 1,611 (1,701) (2,373) (5,911) Losses from investments in real estate (537) (752) Net investment and interest (income) expense and realized (gain) loss 3,900 4,711 14,871 10,424 Plus: Fee related loss attributable to non-controlling interests in subsidiaries (110) 1,074 (1,755) (1,646) Total Fee Related Earnings 32,248 37,113 100,429 100,371 Total Fee Related Earnings attributable to non-controlling interests 110 (1,074) 1,755 1,646 Total Fee Related Earnings attributable to the Operating Company 32,358 36,039 102,184 102,017 
 (1) Transaction costs and non-recurring expenses represent transaction costs, severance and additional credit loss reserves written off related to BOF I as well as lease termination costs recognized in 2023 related to one of our corporate office leases. 
 70 

The following table sets forth our total Fee Related Earnings and Distributable Earnings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Fund-level fee revenues Fund management fees 61,106 61,584 183,482 175,786 Fee related performance revenue 5,036 5,036 Transaction fees 6,279 9,679 19,483 16,738 Total net fund-level fee revenues 72,421 71,263 208,001 192,524 Net earnings from Bridge property operators 951 2,142 5,472 8,212 Development fees 896 247 2,555 1,919 Fund administration fees 4,300 4,556 14,083 13,036 Other asset management and property income 3,906 3,289 12,085 8,732 Fee Related Revenues 82,474 81,497 242,196 224,423 Cash-based employee compensation and benefits (44,779) (37,275) (123,403) (104,145) Net administrative expenses (5,447) (7,109) (18,364) (19,907) Fee Related Expenses (50,226) (44,384) (141,767) (124,052) Total Fee Related Earnings 32,248 37,113 100,429 100,371 Total Fee Related Earnings attributable to non-controlling interests 110 (1,074) 1,755 1,646 Total Fee Related Earnings to the Operating Company 32,358 36,039 102,184 102,017 Realized performance allocations and incentive fees 5,398 20,225 25,430 31,853 Realized performance allocations and incentive fees compensation (3,154) (2,713) (14,309) (4,943) Net realized performance allocations attributable to non-controlling interests (862) (10,280) (4,917) (15,966) Net insurance income (1,611) 1,701 2,373 5,911 Earnings from investments in real estate 537 752 Net investment and interest income (expense) and realized gain (loss) (3,900) (4,711) (14,871) (10,424) Distributable Earnings attributable to the Operating Company 28,229 40,798 95,890 109,200 
 71 

The following table sets forth the components of the employee compensation and benefits, general and administrative expenses, and total other income (expense) line items on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Other income (expense) is disclosed in our non-GAAP measures based upon the nature of the income. Realized amounts are disclosed separately in order to determine Distributable Earnings. Other income from Bridge property operators is included in net earnings from Bridge property operators (in thousands). The following table sets forth these components for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Realized performance allocations and incentive fees 5,398 20,225 25,430 31,853 Fee related performance revenue 5,036 5,036 Incentive fees (41) Performance allocations, realized 10,434 20,225 30,466 31,812 Cash-based employee compensation and benefits 44,779 37,275 123,403 104,145 Compensation expense of Bridge property operators 11,743 10,627 34,098 30,832 Share-based compensation 10,624 10,655 35,166 31,134 Fee related performance revenue compensation expense (3,011) (3,011) Employee compensation and benefits 64,135 58,557 189,656 166,111 Realized performance allocations and incentive fees compensation 3,154 2,713 14,309 4,943 Incentive fees (1) (4) Fee related performance revenue compensation expense 3,011 3,011 Performance allocations compensation, realized 6,165 2,712 17,320 4,939 Administrative expenses, net of Bridge property operators 5,447 7,109 18,364 19,907 Administrative expenses of Bridge property operators 3,477 4,304 10,301 11,916 Transaction and non-recurring costs 2,848 80 3,915 4,198 Impact of fund consolidation 570 649 509 2,882 General and administrative expenses 12,342 12,142 33,089 38,903 Unrealized (losses) gains (4,043) 1,113 (10,770) 1,237 Net investment and interest income (expense) and realized gain (loss) (3,900) (4,711) (14,871) (10,424) Non-FRE income attributable to non-controlling interest in subsidiaries 1,118 5,009 Impact of fund consolidation 1,390 (334) 3,625 (325) Total other expense (5,435) (3,932) (17,007) (9,512) 
 72 

Fee Related and Distributable Earnings Related to the Operating Company 
 Total Fee Related Earnings to the Operating Company decreased by 3.7 million, or 10 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, and Distributable Earnings to the Operating Company decreased by 12.6 million, or 31 , during the same period due to the following: 
 Total fee related revenues increased by 1.0 million, or 1 , principally due to: 
 Fee related performance revenue of 5.0 million, which was attributed to the timing of performance fees earned from our open-end Bridge Net Lease Industrial Income Fund; 
 Fund management fees decreased by 0.5 million, or 1 , primarily due to the timing of capital raising and reduction in fee-earnings AUM related to BOF I and conversion of fee basis for certain funds between 2024 and 2023; and 
 Transaction fees decreased by 3.4 million, or 35 , primarily due to a reduction in acquisitions over the last year which reduced due diligence fees from properties during the period. 
 Net earnings from Bridge property operators decreased by 1.2 million, or 56 , driven by a reduction in the number of internally managed seniors housing and commercial office properties as of September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023. 
 Other asset management and property income increased by 0.6 million, or 19 , which was attributed to additional accounting service fees earned in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 Fee related expenses increased by 5.8 million, or 13 , principally due to an increase in cash-based employee compensation and benefits of 7.5 million, or 20 , attributed to changes in headcount, inflation adjustments to compensation, and increased variable compensation. 
 Net of related compensation, realized performance allocations and incentive fees decreased by 13.2 million, or 76 , compared to 2023, primarily due to the timing of realizations in Bridge Debt Strategies Funds III and IV as well as fee related performance compensation paid in the third quarter of 2024 for our open-end Bridge Net Lease Industrial Income Fund, compared to the realized compensation for Bridge Multifamily Fund III in 2023. 
 Total Fee Related Earnings to the Operating Company increased by 0.2 million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which was relatively flat compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, while Distributable Earnings to the Operating Company decreased by 13.3 million, or 12 , during the same period due to the following: 
 Total fee related revenues increased by 17.8 million, or 8 , principally due to: 
 Fund management fees increased by 7.7 million, or 4 , primarily due to the timing of capital raising between 2024 and 2023 and the Newbury Acquisition; 
 Fee related performance revenue of 5.0 million, which was attributed to the timing of performance fees earned from our open-end Bridge Net Lease Industrial Income Fund; and 
 Transaction fees increased by 2.7 million, or 16 , primarily due to an increase in due diligence fees from real estate transactions for development and multifamily properties. 
 Net earnings from Bridge property operators decreased by 2.7 million, or 33 , driven by a reduction in the number of internally managed seniors housing and commercial office properties as of September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023. 
 Other asset management and property income increased by 3.4 million, or 38 , which was attributed to additional accounting service fees and rebates received during 2024. 
 73 

Fee related expenses increased by 17.7 million, or 14 , principally due to an increase in cash-based employee compensation and benefits of 19.3 million, or 18 , which is primarily attributed to changes in headcount, inflation adjustments to compensation, and increased variable compensation. 
 Net of related compensation, realized performance allocations and incentive fees decreased by 13.8 million, or 51 , compared to 2023, primarily due to the timing of realizations in Bridge Debt Strategies Funds II, III and IV as well as fee related performance compensation paid in the third quarter of 2024 for our open-end Bridge Net Lease Industrial Income Fund compared to the realized compensation for Bridge Multifamily Fund III in 2023. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our liquidity needs primarily include working capital and debt service requirements. We believe that our current sources of liquidity, which include cash generated by our operating activities, and cash and funds available under our credit sources, will be sufficient to meet our projected operating and debt service requirements for at least the next 12 months. To the extent that our current liquidity is insufficient to fund future activities, we may need to raise additional funds. In the future, we may raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities or through debt financing arrangements. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, the ownership of our existing stockholders will be diluted. The incurrence of additional debt financing would result in debt service obligations, and any future instruments governing such debt could provide for operating and financial covenants that could restrict our operations. We operate in a rapidly evolving and unpredictable business environment that may change the timing or amount of expected future cash receipts and expenditures. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we may not be required to raise additional funds through the sale of equity or debt securities or from credit facilities. Additional capital, if needed, may not be available on satisfactory terms, or at all. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had total assets of 1,246.8 million and 1,288.8 million, respectively, which included 61.9 million and 57.7 million of cash and cash equivalents, respectively, and total liabilities of 723.9 million and 743.5 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, 11.7 million was outstanding under the Credit Facility, with 138.3 million of available capacity. We generate cash primarily from fund management fees, property and construction management fees, leasing fees, development fees, transaction fees, and fund administration fees. We have historically managed our liquidity and capital resource needs through (a) cash generated from our operating activities and (b) borrowings under credit agreements and other borrowing arrangements. 
 Ongoing sources of cash include (a) fund management fees and property management and leasing fees, which are collected monthly or quarterly, (b) transaction fee income, and (c) borrowings under our Credit Facility. In the future, we will also evaluate opportunities, based on market conditions, to access the capital markets. We use cash flow from operations to pay compensation and related expenses, general and administrative expenses, income taxes, debt service, capital expenditures and to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that would expose us to any liability or require us to fund losses or guarantee target returns to investors in our funds that are not reflected in our condensed consolidated financial statements. Refer to Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies and Note 17, Variable Interest Entities to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for additional information on commitments and contingencies and variable interest entities, respectively. 
 The following table presents a summary of our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 74,777 111,165 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 12,701 (336,891) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (80,542) 90,215 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 6,936 (135,511) 
 74 

Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by our earnings in the respective periods after adjusting for significant non-cash activity, including non-cash performance allocations and incentive fees, the related non-cash performance allocations and incentive fee related compensation expense, non-cash investment income, non-cash share-based compensation, depreciation, amortization and impairments, and the effect of changes in working capital and other activities. Operating cash inflows primarily included the receipt of management fees, property management and leasing fees, and realized performance allocations and incentive fees, while operating cash outflows primarily include payments for operating expenses, including compensation and general and administrative expenses. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 cash provided by operating activities was 74.8 million, primarily consisting net income during the period of 1.3 million and adjustments for non-cash items of 108.5 million, which was partially offset by cash used for operating assets and liabilities of 35.0 million. Adjustments for non-cash items primarily consisted of a 42.5 million reversal of unrealized performance allocations, 35.2 million of share-based compensation, 11.9 million of equity in income of investments and 14.9 million of depreciation and amortization, which was partially offset by a reduction of 2.8 million in unrealized accrued performance allocations compensation. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 cash provided by operating activities was 111.2 million, primarily consisting of adjustments for non-cash items of 204.0 million offset by a net loss during the period of 88.1 million and cash provided by operating assets and liabilities of 4.8 million. Adjustments for non-cash items primarily consisted of a 177.2 million reversal of unrealized performance allocations, 31.1 million of share-based compensation, and 11.5 million of depreciation and amortization, which was partially offset by a reduction of 17.5 million in unrealized accrued performance allocations compensation. 
 Investing Activities 
 Our investing activities primarily consist of lending to affiliate entities and investing activities related to our other investments. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 net cash provided by investing activities of 12.7 million primarily consisted of 286.0 million from collections of notes receivable, 17.2 million of proceeds from sale of investments and 13.0 million from the sale of marketable securities. These increases were partially offset by 281.3 million of issuances of notes receivable related to our lending activities to affiliate entities and 22.2 million used for purchases of investments. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 net cash used in investing activities of 336.9 million primarily consisted of 319.4 million in cash paid for the Newbury Acquisition, issuances of notes receivable of 208.3 million, and 54.9 million for purchases of investments. These decreases were primarily offset by 221.3 million in collections of notes receivable related to our lending activities to affiliate entities and 20.5 million of proceeds from sale of investments. 
 Financing Activities 
 Our financing activities primarily consist of distributions to our members and shareholders as well as borrowings associated with our Private Placement Notes (as defined herein) and Credit Facility, and at times proceeds from issuances of our common stock. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 net cash used in financing activities of 80.5 million was largely due to 60.8 million of distributions paid to non-controlling interests and 13.3 million of dividends paid to our Class A common stockholders, and net payments of 22.3 million on our Credit Facility. These decreases were partially offset by 16.7 million of capital contributions received from non-controlling interests. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 net cash provided by financing activities of 90.2 million was largely due to the 150.0 million in proceeds received from our 2023 Private Placement Notes, net proceeds of 50.0 million drawn on our Credit Facility, both of which were used to fund the Newbury Acquisition, and 16.8 million of capital contributions from non-controlling interests. These increases were partially offset by 106.7 million of distributions paid to non-controlling interests, 16.2 million of dividends paid to our Class A common stockholders, and the payment of deferred financing costs related to the amendment to our Credit Facility and the 2023 Private Placement Notes. 
 75 

Corporate Credit Facilities 
 On June 3, 2022, the Operating Company entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with CIBC, Inc. and Zions Bancorporation, N.A. d/b/a Zions First National Bank as Joint Lead Arrangers, which allows for revolving commitments (the Credit Facility ). 
 On January 31, 2023, the Operating Company entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement, pursuant to which (i) the Operating Company exercised its option to increase the total revolving commitments under the Credit Facility to 225.0 million, (ii) the variable interest rates under the applicable pricing grid were each increased by 15 basis points and (iii) the quarterly unused commitment fee was increased to 0.25 . 
 On February 28, 2024, the Operating Company entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement with CIBC, Zions and Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as Joint Lead Arrangers, which included a reduction in the total aggregate commitments under the Credit Facility from 225.0 million to 150.0 million, with the ability to increase aggregate commitments up to an additional 75.0 million, and extended the maturity date from June 3, 2024 to June 3, 2026. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest based on a pricing grid with a range of a 2.65 to 3.15 over Term SOFR as determined by the Operating Company s leverage ratio, or upon achievement of an investment grade rating, interest is then based on a range of 1.90 to 2.40 over Term SOFR. The Credit Facility is also subject to a quarterly unused commitment fee of up to 0.25 , which is based on the daily unused portion of the Credit Facility. Borrowings under the Credit Facility may be repaid at any time during the term of the Credit Agreement, but the Credit Facility requires paydown at least once annually or if the aggregate commitment exceed certain thresholds for an extended period of time. 
 Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, certain of the Operating Company s assets serve as pledged collateral. In addition, the Credit Agreement contains covenants that, among other things, limit the Operating Company s ability to: incur indebtedness; create, incur or allow liens; merge with other companies; pay dividends or make distributions; engage in new or different lines of business; and engage in transactions with affiliates. The Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants requiring the Operating Company to maintain (1) a debt to EBITDA ratio of no more than 3.75x, (2) minimum liquidity of 15.0 million and (3) minimum quarterly EBITDA of 15.0 million and minimum EBITDA for the trailing four fiscal quarters of 80.0 million. 
 The interest rate in effect for the Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024 was approximately 7.40 . As of September 30, 2024, 11.7 million was outstanding on the Credit Facility. On October 10, 2024, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of 11.7 million on its Credit Facility. 
 Private Placement Notes 
 On July 22, 2020, the Operating Company entered into a 150.0 million note purchase agreement, pursuant to which the Operating Company issued two tranches of notes in a private placement offering. The transaction consisted of 75.0 million of 3.9 notes with a five-year term maturing on July 22, 2025, and 75.0 million of 4.15 notes with a seven-year term maturing on July 22, 2027 (the 2020 Private Placement Notes ). 
 On June 3, 2022, the Operating Company entered into a 150.0 million note purchase agreement pursuant to which the Operating Company issued two tranches of notes in a private placement offering. The transaction consisted of 75.0 million of 5.00 notes with a ten-year term maturing on July 12, 2032, and 75.0 million of 5.10 notes with a twelve-year term maturing on July 12, 2034 (the 2022 Private Placement Notes ). 
 On February 13, 2023, the Operating Company entered into a 150.0 million note purchase agreement pursuant to which the Operating Company issued two tranches of notes in a private placement offering. The transaction consisted of 120.0 million of 5.99 notes with a seven-year term maturing on March 29, 2030 and 30.0 million of 6.10 notes with a ten-year term maturing on March 29, 2033 (the 2023 Private Placement Notes and together with the 2020 and 2022 Private Placement Notes, the Private Placement Notes ). The 2023 Private Placement Notes closed in connection with the closing of the Newbury Acquisition. 
 Under the terms of the Private Placement Notes, certain of the Operating Company s assets are pledged as collateral. The Private Placement Notes contain covenants that, among other things, limit the Operating Company s ability to: incur 
 76 

indebtedness; create, incur or allow liens; merge with other companies; engage in new or different lines of business; and engage in transactions with affiliates. The Private Placement Notes also contain financial covenants requiring the Operating Company to maintain (1) a debt to EBITDA ratio of no more than 3.75x, (2) minimum liquidity of 15.0 million and (3) minimum quarterly EBITDA of 15.0 million and minimum EBITDA for the trailing four fiscal quarters of 80.0 million. 
 Debt Covenants 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company was in full compliance with all debt covenants. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent liabilities. We base our judgments on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making estimates about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 For a more complete discussion of the accounting judgments and estimates that we have identified as critical in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements, please refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting estimates during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 . 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a discussion of new accounting pronouncements recently adopted and not yet adopted, refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 
 JOBS Act 
 As an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), we can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We intend to rely on other exemptions provided by the JOBS Act, including without limitation, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the IPO, (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, (iii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of such year, or (iv) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 In the normal course of business, we are exposed to a broad range of risks inherent in the financial markets in which we participate, including market risk, interest rate risk, credit and counterparty risk, liquidity risk, and foreign exchange rate risk. Potentially negative effects of these risks may be mitigated to a certain extent by those aspects of our investment approach, investment strategies, fundraising practices or other business activities that are designed to benefit, either in relative or absolute terms, from periods of economic weakness, tighter credit, or financial market dislocations. 
 77 

Market Risk 
 Our predominant exposure to market risk is related to our role as general partner or investment manager for our specialized funds and customized separate accounts and the sensitivities to movements in the fair value of their investments, which may adversely affect our equity in income of affiliates. Since our management fees are generally based on commitments or invested capital, our management fee and advisory fee revenue is not significantly impacted by changes in investment values. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 1.1 million deposited in non-interest bearing accounts and 60.8 million deposited in an interest-bearing account, with limited to no interest rate risk. In addition, our Credit Facility bears interest based on a margin over Term SOFR (see the disclosures contained in Corporate Credit Facilities ). Interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. 
 Credit and Counterparty Risk 
 Access to and the cost of obtaining credit from financial institutions and other lenders may be uncertain due to market conditions, and under certain circumstances we may not be able to access financing. We are also a party to agreements providing for various financial services and transactions that contain an element of risk in the event that the counterparties are unable to meet the terms of such agreements. In such agreements, we depend on the respective counterparty to make payment or otherwise perform. We generally endeavor to minimize our risk of exposure by limiting the counterparties with which we enter into financial transactions to reputable financial institutions. 
 Liquidity Risk 
 See the disclosures contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Foreign Exchange Rate Risk 
 We do not possess significant assets in foreign countries in which we operate or engage in material transactions in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Therefore, changes in exchange rates are not expected to materially impact our financial statements. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic and current reports that we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 78 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Our process for evaluating controls and procedures is continuous and encompasses constant improvement of the design and effectiveness of established controls and procedures and the remediation of any deficiencies, which may be identified during this process. 
 79 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We are, from time to time, party to various claims and legal proceedings arising out of our ordinary course of business, but we do not believe that any of these claims or proceedings will have a material effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part 1, Item 1A of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 . 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 There were no unregistered equity securities sold from July 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024, other than as previously disclosed in our current reports on Form 8-K. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 None. 
 80 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Filing Date Exhibit Number Filed Herewith 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. 
 10-Q 8/17/21 3.1 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. 
 10-Q 8/17/21 3.2 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purpose of section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 81 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 BRIDGE INVESTMENT GROUP HOLDINGS INC. Date: November 7, 2024 
 By: /s/ Jonathan Slager Jonathan Slager Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 
 By: /s/ Katherine Elsnab Katherine Elsnab Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 82 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 brdg-20240930exx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jonathan Slager, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 By s Jonathan Slager Jonathan Slager Chief Executive Officer 
 principal executive officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 brdg-20240930exx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Katherine Elsnab, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 By s Katherine Elsnab Katherine Elsnab Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 brdg-20240930exx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 By s Jonathan Slager Jonathan Slager Chief Executive Officer 
 principal executive officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 brdg-20240930exx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bridge Investment Group Holdings Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 By s Katherine Elsnab Katherine Elsnab Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 brdg-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 brdg-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 brdg-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 brdg-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 brdg-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

