<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1530979_0001530979-24-000086.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5516671</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112455</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1139478</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1656634</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1346311</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1150977</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001530979-24-000086.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112162119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001530979-24-000086
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Honest Company, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001530979
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				900750205
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40378
		FILM NUMBER:		241448593

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12130 MILLENNIUM DR., #500
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90094
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 917-9199

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12130 MILLENNIUM DR., #500
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90094

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001530979-24-000086.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 hnst-20240930.htm
 10-Q

hnst-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) N/A 
 (Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report) Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 8, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share outstanding. 

The Honest Company, Inc. 
 
 Table of Contents 

Page 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Loss 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity Deficit 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 5 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 28 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 29 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 29 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 31 
 Item 3. Defaults Under Senior Securities 
 31 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 32 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 33 
 Signatures 
 34 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act )) about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will or would or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation , those set forth in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors, if any, and other factors set forth in other parts of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as well as in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report ), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 8, 2024. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our expectations regarding our future results of operations and financial condition, including our ability to achieve or sustain profitability; our ability to continue to launch new products; momentum in our business; our ability to attract and retain customers; our ability to execute on and to continue driving benefits from our Transformation Pillars of Brand Maximization, Margin Enhancement, and Operating Discipline; our marketing strategies; our continued focus on research, development and innovation; our expectations regarding consumer demand and the timing and amount of orders from key customers; the effect of macroeconomic factors, including supply chain disruptions and inflationary pressures; anticipated trends, growth rates, and challenges in our business and in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute on other business strategies, plans and objectives of management for future operations. 
 
 ii. 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The Honest Company, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Operating lease right-of-use asset Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long term liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7 
 par value, shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 1 

The Honest Company, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative Marketing Restructuring Research and development Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) ) ) Interest and other income (expense), net ) ) Income (loss) before provision for income taxes ) ) ) Income tax provision Net income (loss) ) ) ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted-average shares used in computing net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic Diluted Other comprehensive income (loss) Unrealized gain (loss) on short-term investments, net of taxes Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 2 

The Honest Company, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss Stock-based compensation Vested restricted stock units Balances at March 31, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss Stock options exercised Stock-based compensation Vested restricted stock units Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Balances at June 30, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Vested restricted stock Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 

3 

The Honest Company, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2023 
 ) Net loss ) ) Stock options exercised Stock-based compensation Vested restricted stock units Balances at March 31, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Vested restricted stock units Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Balances at June 30, 2024 ) Net income Stock options exercised Stock-based compensation Vested restricted stock ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

The Honest Company, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Other Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from 2021 ESPP Payments on finance lease liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents Beginning of the period End of the period Supplemental disclosures of noncash activities Capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

The Honest Company, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 

2. 

operating segment. All of the Company s long-lived assets are located in the United States and substantially all of the Company s revenue is from customers located in the United States. 

6 

The allowance for credit losses was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

7 

3. 
 
 and , respectively, of the Company's total revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and and , respectively, of the Company's total revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Retail and Third-Party Ecommerce 
 
 For retail and third-party ecommerce sales, the Company's performance obligation consists of the sale of finished goods to retailers and third-party ecommerce customers. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods is transferred to those customers at time of shipment or delivery, depending on the contract terms. After the completion of the performance obligation, the Company has the right to consideration as outlined in the contract. Payment terms vary among the retail and third-party ecommerce customers although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 to 45 days of product shipment. 
 
 Non-Monetary Transactions 
 
 The Company has in the past and may in the future enter into trade agreements with a vendor to exchange excess inventory for future marketing and transportation credits. The Company recognizes revenue reflecting the fair value of the marketing and transportation credits upon delivery of goods, with the corresponding short and long-term asset included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company may use the marketing and transportation credits over from the date of the respective agreement, with an option to extend for another if agreed upon by both parties. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not enter into any new trade agreements. 
 
 t recognize any revenue or associated cost of revenue related to these marketing and transportation credits. The Company assesses the recoverability of the marketing and transportation credits periodically. Factors considered in evaluating the recoverability include management s history of credit usage and future plans with respect to advertising, freight and other services for which these credits can be used. Any impairment losses are charged to marketing expense in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) as they become determinable. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded impairment losses related to these credits and used an aggregate of million and million of credits, respectively. 

4. 
 
 8 

Total cash equivalents 
 
 December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (In thousands) Cash equivalents Money market funds Total cash equivalents 

5. 
 
 million revolving credit facility that matures on April 30, 2026. The 2023 Credit Facility includes a sub-facility that provides for the issuance of letters of credit in an amount of up to million at any time outstanding. Availability of the 2023 Credit Facility is based upon a borrowing base formula and periodic borrowing base certifications valuing certain of the Company s accounts receivable and inventory as reduced by certain reserves. The 2023 Credit Facility includes an uncommitted accordion feature that allows for increases in the revolving commitment to as much as an additional million, for up to million in potential revolving commitment. The 2023 Credit Facility is subject to customary fees for loan facilities of this type, including a commitment fee based on the average daily undrawn portion of the 2023 Credit Facility. The Company recognizes the commitment fee as incurred in interest and other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the commitment fee incurred was immaterial. As of September 30, 2024, there were million outstanding letters of credit and million available to be drawn upon. As of September 30, 2024, there was outstanding balance under the 2023 Credit Facility. 
 
 The interest rate applicable to the 2023 Credit Facility is, at the Company s option, either (a) the Adjusted Term SOFR rate (subject to a floor), plus a margin ranging from to or (b) the CB floating rate, (i) plus a margin of or (ii) minus a margin ranging from to . The margin is based upon the Company s fixed charge coverage ratio. The CB floating rate is the higher of (a) the Wall Street Journal prime rate and (b) . 
 
 The 2023 Credit Facility will terminate and borrowings thereunder, if any, would be due in full on April 30, 2026. Debt under the 2023 Credit Facility is guaranteed by substantially all of the Company s material domestic subsidiaries and is secured by substantially all of the Company s and such subsidiaries assets. 
 
 The 2023 Credit Facility contains covenants that restrict, among other things, the Company's ability to sell assets, make investments and acquisitions, grant liens, change the Company s lines of business, pay dividends and make certain other restricted payments. The Company is subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants including the requirement that it maintains a minimum total fixed charge coverage ratio during the periods set forth in the 2023 Credit Facility. Failure to do so, unless waived by the lenders under the 2023 Credit Facility pursuant to its terms, as amended, would result in an event of default under the 2023 Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024, the Company is in compliance with all covenants under the 2023 Credit Facility. 
 
 9 

6. 
 
 Accrued inventory purchases Accrued returns Accrued rent (2) 
 Accrued restructuring (3) 
 Other accrued expenses Total accrued expenses 
 ____________________ 
 
 (1) Includes million and million of executive transition related expenses as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Represents short-term operating lease liabilities. Refer to Note 11, "Leases" included in these condensed consolidated financial statements for more information on leases. 

7. 
 
 10 

8. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Cancelled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 In April 2021, the Company s board of directors adopted the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), which became effective in connection with the IPO. All equity-based awards granted on or after the effectiveness of the 2021 Plan are granted under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan provides for grants of incentive stock options ISOs within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), to the Company s employees and its parent and 
 11 

shares of the Company s common stock. In addition, the number of shares of the Company s common stock reserved for issuance under its 2021 Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each year for a period of , beginning on January 1, 2022 and continuing through January 1, 2031, in an amount equal to (1) of the total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on December 31 of the immediately preceding year, or (2) a lesser number of shares determined by the Company s board of directors prior to the date of the increase. On January 1, 2024, additional shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to this provision. The maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be issued on the exercise of ISOs under its 2021 Plan is shares. 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) Unvested RSUs at September 30, 2024 

As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 In April 2021, the Company s board of directors adopted the Company s 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2021 ESPP ). The Company authorized the issuance of shares of common stock under the 2021 ESPP. In addition, the number of shares available for issuance under the 2021 ESPP will be annually increased on January 1 of each year for a period of , beginning on January 1, 2022 and continuing through January 1, 2031 by the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the immediately preceding year; and (ii) shares, except before the date of any such increase, the Company s board of directors may determine that such increase will be less than the amount set forth in clauses (i) and (ii). On January 1, 2024, additional shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to this provision. Subject to any limitations contained therein, the 2021 ESPP allows eligible employees to contribute (in the form of payroll deductions or otherwise to the extent permitted by the administrator) an amount established by the administrator from time to time in its discretion to purchase common stock at a discounted price per share. 
 
 Under the 2021 ESPP, eligible employees are granted the right to purchase shares of common stock at the lower of of the fair value at the time of grant or of the fair value at the time of exercise. The right to purchase shares of common stock is granted in May and November of each year for an offering period of approximately . For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, shares were purchased under the 2021 ESPP. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had remaining authorized shares available for purchase. 
 
 Expected stock price volatility Risk free interest rate Expected dividend yield Weighted average grant-date fair value per share 
 
 2023 Inducement Plan 
 In March 2023, the Company's Compensation Committee adopted the 2023 Inducement Plan (the Inducement Plan ). The Inducement Plan reserved shares of the Company s common stock for issuance under the Inducement Plan to 
 12 

shares available for future grant under the Inducement Plan. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 
 Research and development Total stock-based compensation expense 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Includes and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and million and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 related to the acceleration of RSUs held by certain former executives. 

9. 
 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders basic ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders - diluted ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding basic Add: effect of dilutive RSUs Add: effect of dilutive stock options Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted Net income (loss) per share, attributable to common shareholders: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) 
 13 

Unvested restricted stock units Employee stock purchase plan Total 

10. 
 
 t recorded any uncertain tax positions and has t recognized interest or penalties in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 

11. 
 
 . 
 
 Short-term lease expense Operating lease expense: Operating lease expense (1) 
 Sublease income ) ) ) ) Total lease expense, net 
 ______________________ 

Based on the nature of the Right-Of-Use ROU assets, amortization of finance leases and amortization of operating ROU assets, operating lease expense and other lease expense are recorded within either cost of revenue or selling, general and administrative expenses and interest on finance lease liabilities is recorded within interest and other expense, net in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 14 

Operating lease assets Operating lease right-of-use asset Total lease assets Liabilities Current Finance lease liabilities Accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses Non-current Operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Total lease liabilities 
 
 Supplemental information related to the Company s leases for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was as follows: 
 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Finance leases Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate Finance leases Operating leases Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities (in thousands) Operating cash flows for operating leases Financing cash flows for finance leases 
 
 t have any non-cash ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 for either finance or operating leases. 

12. 

15 

Charges (adjustments) Cash payments ) ) Non-cash asset write-offs ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 ___________ 

million related to severance costs as of September 30, 2024 are expected to result in cash expenditures funded from cash provided by operations in future periods and are included in accrued expenses on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report ), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 8, 2024. This discussion, particularly information with respect to our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties as described under the heading Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. You should review the disclosure under the heading Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as well as in the Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to we, us, our, our company, the Company and Honest refer to The Honest Company, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Honest Company, Inc. Honest and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company, we, us and our is a personal care company dedicated to creating cleanly-formulated and sustainably-designed products. Our commitment to our core values, continual innovation and engaging our community has differentiated and elevated our brand and our products. Since our launch in 2012, we have been dedicated to developing clean, sustainable, effective and thoughtfully-designed products. By doing so with transparency, we have cultivated deep trust around what matters most to our consumers: their health, their families and their homes. We are an omnichannel brand, ensuring our products are available wherever our consumers shop. Our differentiated platform positions us for continued growth through our trusted brand, award-winning multi-category product offerings and omnichannel accessibility. Our integrated multi-category product architecture is intentionally designed to serve our consumers every day, at every age and through every life stage, no matter where they are on their journey. We believe this drives loyalty, increases our consumer wallet share and generates attractive consumer lifetime value. 
 
 We believe that our consumers are modern, aspirational, conscious and style-forward and that they seek out high quality, effective and thoughtfully-designed products. We believe that they are passionate about living a conscious life and are enthusiastic ambassadors for brands they trust. As purpose-driven consumers, they transcend any one demographic, spanning gender, age, geography, ethnicity and household income. Honest consumers are often young, mobile-centric and digitally-inclined. We build relationships with these consumers through a disruptive digital marketing strategy that engages them with snackable digital content (short-form, easily digestible content), immerses them in our brand values, and inspires them to join the Honest community. Our direct connection with our community enables us to understand what consumers needs are and inspires our product innovation pipeline, generating a significant competitive advantage over more traditional consumer packaged goods CPG peers. 
 
 Our omnichannel approach seeks to meet consumers wherever they want to shop, balancing deep consumer connection with broad convenience and accessibility. Since our launch, we have built a well-integrated omnichannel presence by expanding our product accessibility, including the launch of strategic partnerships with Target, Amazon and Walmart in 2014, 2017 and 2022, respectively. We maintain direct relationships with our consumers via our flagship digital platform, Honest.com, which allows us to influence brand experience and better understand consumer preferences and behavior. We increase accessibility of our products to more consumers through third-party pureplay ecommerce sites, Honest.com and leading retailers and their websites. Our integrated omnichannel presence provides meaningful benefits to our consumers which we believe are not easily 
 16 

replicated by our competitors. This distinctive business model has allowed us to efficiently scale our business while remaining agnostic as to the channel where consumers purchase our products. 
 
 Transformation Initiative 
 
 In 2023, we executed a broad-based Transformation Initiative designed to build the Honest brand and drive growth in higher-margin areas of the portfolio, strengthen our cost structure, drive focus on the most productive areas of our business, deliver greater impact from brand-building investments, and improve executional excellence across the enterprise. The restructuring element of the Transformation Initiative was substantially completed by December 31, 2023. The Company expects to continue driving benefits from its three Transformation Pillars of Brand Maximization, Margin Enhancement, and Operating Discipline: 
 
 1) Brand Maximization 
 
 Leveraging the strength of the Honest brand to drive growth through innovation, margin-accretive products, and marketing effectiveness. 
 The impact of additional pricing increases across the majority of our product portfolio throughout 2023, following pricing increases in 2022 that resulted in revenue growth driven by both volume and pricing. 
 
 2) Margin Enhancement 
 
 Focusing our resources on North America, which includes the exit of our low-margin business in Europe and Asia. 
 Exiting low-margin elements of the cleaning and sanitization business in 2023. 
 Executing an inventory, or stock-keeping unit SKU ), rationalization program in 2023. 
 Re-directing resources to accelerate cost savings, including optimization of our contract manufacturing strategies, reduced shipping and logistic costs, and product costs. 
 Realigning resources to reflect the prioritization of higher-margin opportunities. 
 
 3) Operating Discipline 
 
 Building a culture that emphasizes returns across growth drivers, including marketing, trade promotion, and innovation. 
 Managing working capital including the reduction of inventory. 
 
 For further details on the restructuring element of the Transformation Initiative, refer to Note 12, Restructuring included in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 
 We believe that the growth of our business and our future success are dependent on many factors. While each of these factors presents significant opportunities for us, they also pose important challenges that we must successfully address to enable us to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operations while staying true to our mission, including those discussed below and in the section titled Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report. 
 
 Ability to Grow Our Brand Awareness 
 
 Our brand is integral to the growth of our business and is essential to our ability to engage and stay connected with the growing clean products consumer. In order to increase the share of wallet of existing conscious consumers and to attract new consumers, our brand has to maintain its trustworthiness and authenticity. Our ability to attract new consumers will depend, among other things, on our ability to successfully produce products that are free of defects and communicate the value of those products as clean, sustainable and effective, the efficacy of our marketing efforts and the offerings of our competitors. Beyond preserving the integrity of our brand, our performance will depend on our ability to augment our reach and increase the number of consumers aware of Honest and our product portfolio. As part of the Transformation Pillars, we have been focused on Brand Maximization, including improving the return on marketing by reducing marketing spend on low-return campaigns and emphasizing best-selling items, focusing on the most profitable areas of our business. We believe our brand strength will enable us to continue to launch new products, allowing us to deepen relationships with consumers. Our performance depends significantly on factors that may affect the level and pattern of consumer spending in the product categories in which we operate. 
 
 Continued Innovation 
 
 Research, development and innovation are core elements underpinning our growth strategy. Through our in-house research and development laboratories, we are able to access the latest advancements in clean ingredients and continue to innovate in the clean conscious space. Based in Los Angeles, California, our research and development team, including chemists, an in-house toxicologist and an eco-toxicologist, develops innovative clean products based on the latest green technology. At Honest, product innovation is top of mind. The improvement of existing products and the introduction of new products have been, and 
 17 

continue to be, integral to our growth. We have made significant investments in our product development capabilities and plan to continue to do so in the future. We believe our rigorous approach to product innovation has helped redefine and grow the clean and natural product categories in which we operate. Our continued focus on research and development will be central to attracting and retaining consumers in the future. Our ability to successfully develop, market and sell new products will depend on a variety of factors, including our continued investment in innovation, integrated business planning processes and capabilities. 
 
 Continued Product Growth 
 
 Our product mix is a driver of our financial performance given our focus on accretive product launches and innovation to increase product margins. Even though our growth strategy aims to boost sales across all products by increasing total distribution, we intend to prioritize growth in products with attractive margin characteristics, including personal care, and leverage our brand equity and consumer insights to extend into new products. We are also committed to bringing our Honest Standard to new products where we believe there is a need for a higher standard for clean personal care. 
 
 Continued Execution of Omnichannel Strategy 
 
 The continued execution of our omnichannel strategy impacts our financial performance. We intend to continue leveraging our marketing strategy to drive increased consumer awareness and leverage our flagship digital platform, Honest.com, to create direct connections with our consumers, influence brand experience and understand consumer preference and behavior. Our partnerships with leading third-party retail platforms and national retailers have broadened our consumer reach, raised our brand awareness and enhanced our margins through operating leverage. We will continue to pursue partnerships with a wide variety of retailers, including mass retailers, online retailers, club retailers, grocery stores, drugstores and specialty retailers. Our ability to execute this strategy will depend on a number of factors, such as competitive dynamics and retailers satisfaction with the sales and profitability of our products, channel shifts of their customers, and their own supply chain, order timing, and inventory needs, which may fluctuate from period to period. 
 
 Operational and Marketing Efficienc y 
 
 To grow our business, we intend to continue to improve our operational and marketing efficiency, which includes attracting new consumers, increasing community engagement and improving fulfillment and distribution operations. We invest significant resources in marketing and content generation, use a variety of brand and performance marketing channels and work continuously to improve brand exposure at our retail customers to acquire new consumers. It is important to maintain reasonable costs for these marketing efforts relative to the revenue we expect to derive from our consumers. We leverage our proprietary data and systems to generate valuable consumer insights that guide our omnichannel strategy and inform our marketing spend optimization. Our future success depends in part on our ability to effectively attract consumers on a cost-efficient basis and achieve efficiencies in our operations. In addition, we believe we have been able to achieve some operational and marketing efficiency as part of cost savings in connection with our Brand Maximization Transformation Pillar. 
 
 Our marketing model is inclusive of a best-in-class modern approach across paid, owned, and earned marketing channels. Additionally, we have optimized our spend in an omnichannel distribution model, which has led to spending less on media driving directly to Honest.com and investing more in driving to our retailer and other digital partners. 
 
 Overall Macro Trends 
 
 We have strategically positioned ourselves to benefit from several macro trends related to changes in consumer behavior. We believe consumers increasing interest in purpose-designed products has contributed to higher demand for certain of our products. At the same time, changes in macro-level trends, including as a result of global pandemics or other macroeconomic conditions, such as inflation, have resulted and could in the future result in fluctuations in our operating results. 
 
 Business Operations 
 
 Global economic and political uncertainty have increased due to the impact of continued inflationary pressures, adverse impact on confidence in financial markets and geopolitical events, including the conflict in Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war. Additionally, the extent of the impact of macroeconomic trends on the Company s operational and financial performance in the future will depend on future developments. Prolonged unfavorable economic conditions, including as a result of global pandemics, rising inflation and interest rates and any resulting recession or slowed economic growth, have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. All of these factors are difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape as the Company continues to expect a variable operating environment going forward. 
 
 Supply Chain Disruptions 
 
 There has been and continues to be an adverse impact on global economic conditions, specifically inflationary pressures, which has adversely affected our supply chain in regards to cost of goods sold. We have experienced and anticipate continued increases in product costs and labor costs due to inflationary pressures and higher transportation costs from ocean container delivery, which has in the past and could continue to hamper our ability to drive margin expansion. We have taken measures to 
 18 

bolster key aspects of our supply chain, such as ensuring sufficient inventory to support our continued growth, minimizing lead times for raw materials, and implementing a robust cost-savings program, as part of our Operating Discipline Transformation Pillar. We expect to continue to receive fulfillment costs savings due to warehouse and labor operational efficiencies gained with our Las Vegas, Nevada fulfillment center partner. If we are not successful in negotiating future renewals with our other fulfillment partner such that these renewals are at increased costs to us, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. In January 2024, we negotiated better purchase price terms with one of our third-party manufacturers, Ontex. However, we have experienced purchase price increases from our third-party manufacturers in the past and could face escalation of purchase costs and cost of revenue in the future. 
 
 We implemented price increases that took effect in 2022 and 2023 and we may implement additional price increases in the future as needed to offset current and future input cost inflation and to pursue productivity initiatives to offset inflation. However, we may not be able to increase our prices or productivity sufficiently enough to offset these costs. Customer demand for our products may change based on price increases. 
 
 Consumer Preferences 
 
 We believe in the power of our omnichannel distribution model. We believe consumers value the flexibility in terms of where and when they choose to purchase Honest products. We also believe that consumers research their personal care ingredients and recognize the quality of Honest products, knowing that there are over 3,500 chemicals and materials that we choose not to formulate with. 
 
 Inventory 
 
 Inventory is reflected at net realizable value which includes a reserve for excess inventory. We estimate reserve requirements based on current and forecasted demand, including the ability to liquidate excess inventory and estimated liquidation value. As a part of the Transformation Initiative, we exited certain low-margin household products and implemented an inventory, or SKU rationalization, program in 2023, which resulted in our recording an inventory write-down and earmarking donations primarily related to the liquidation of low-margin household products. In addition, in connection with the termination of the Likeness Agreement with Jessica Warren, as part of Ms. Warren's departure from her Chief Creative Officer position, after April 4, 2025 we are prohibited from selling existing inventory that uses certain specified licensed intellectual property on its packaging, which we anticipate will result in inventory write-offs. We continue to incur inventory write-downs each quarter, as necessary. Depending on future consumer behavior in relation to the macroeconomic environment or otherwise and related aging of inventory, among other factors, we have and expect to incur in the future additional inventory write-downs, customer returns or incur donation expense or disposal costs as we reduce excess inventory. 
 
 Furthermore, we are currently in discussions with Butterblu regarding our respective obligations under the supplier services agreement pursuant to which Butterblu provides certain design, manufacturing, sales and marketing services to us. As part of the supplier services agreement, we have agreed to purchase and own inventory for the term of the supplier service agreement, which is until December 31, 2026, unless terminated sooner. Butterblu continues to operate and maintain our baby apparel offerings independently through the honestbabyclothing.com website under our supplier services agreement and Honest Baby Clothing sales are reflected as revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. These discussions could result in termination of the supplier services agreement prior to its termination date, potential disputes over the terms of termination, and costs to us related to the inventory we agreed to purchase and own for the term of the agreement. In addition, any loss of the relationship with Butterblu may negatively impact sales of our baby apparel, which will adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 
 Revenue 

We generate revenue through sales of our products directly to consumers through our website, sales to traditional brick and mortar retailers and their respective websites, and sales to third-party ecommerce customers, and such retailers or third-party ecommerce customers may also resell our products through their own respective online platforms. Our revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns, discounts, credits and any taxes collected from consumers. 
 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 
 We had previously presented our revenue by sales channel of Digital and Retail and by product category of Diapers and Wipes, Skin and Personal Care and Household and Wellness. In determining the appropriate categories to use to disaggregate revenue in accordance with the requirements of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, we had considered the information regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker CODM for evaluating our financial performance and making resource allocation decisions and the guidance to disaggregate revenue from contracts with customers into categories that depict how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are 
 19 

affected by economic factors. In 2023, we executed a broad-based Transformation Initiative with Brand Maximization as one of the Pillars designed to leverage the strength of the Honest brand. As part of our strategy to build the Honest brand, our CODM evaluates our financial performance and makes resource allocation decisions across our products as one brand of a portfolio of multiple products. As a result, in the first quarter of 2024, we removed the disaggregation of revenue by product category to align with changes made to our long-term strategy and we began disaggregating revenue by (i) direct-to-consumer and (ii) retail and third-party ecommerce customers. The change had no effect on our results of operations or timing of revenue recognition. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue includes the purchase price of merchandise sold to customers, inbound and outbound shipping and handling costs, freight and duties, shipping and packaging supplies, credit card processing fees and warehouse fulfillment costs incurred in operating and staffing warehouses, including rent. Cost of revenue also includes depreciation and amortization for warehouse fulfillment facilities and equipment, allocated overhead and direct and indirect labor for warehouse personnel, inventory reserves and destruction costs. 
 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 
 Gross profit represents revenue less cost of revenue. Gross margin is gross profit expressed as a percentage of revenue. Our gross margin may in the future fluctuate from period to period based on a number of factors, including commodity costs, manufacturing costs, warehousing and transportation rates, the promotional environment in the marketplace, the mix of products we sell, the channel through which we sell our products, and innovation initiatives we undertake in each product category, among other factors. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Our operating expenses consist of selling, general and administrative, marketing and research and development expenses. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, principally for our selling and administrative functions. These include personnel-related expenses, including salaries, bonuses, benefits and stock-based compensation expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include technology expenses; professional fees, including audit and legal expenses; donation expenses including tariffs; facility costs, including insurance, utilities and rent relating to our headquarters; third-party service fees related to our supplier services agreement for Honest Baby Clothing, our baby apparel business; and, depreciation and amortization expenses. We expect our general and administrative expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue as we continue to grow our business and organizational capabilities and efficiencies. We expect in the future to incur additional third-party professional fees related to compliance obligations as a public company. 
 
 Marketing 
 
 Marketing expenses include costs related to our branding initiatives, retail customer marketing activities, point of purchase displays, targeted online advertising through sponsored search, display advertising, email and influencer marketing campaigns, market research, content production and other public relations and promotional initiatives. Given higher costs in digital marketing and increased retail distribution, we have shifted the focus of our marketing spend towards supporting retail marketing programs and top of funnel marketing activities. We will continue to invest in marketing initiatives in our best-selling products with key retailers, as well as expand brand awareness, introduce new product innovation across multiple product categories and implement new marketing strategies. As we launch new products, we expect to make marketing investments to build brand awareness, drive trial and set the foundation for future revenue growth. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses for our research and development team. Research and development expenses also include costs incurred for the development of new products, improvement in the quality of existing products and the development and implementation of new technologies to enhance the quality and value of products. This includes the expense related to claims and clinical trials as well as formulation and packaging testing. Research and development expenses also include allocated depreciation and amortization and overhead costs. We expect research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we invest in the enhancement of our product offerings through innovation and the introduction of new adjacent product categories. 
 20 

Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest income earned on our short-term investments and our cash and cash equivalents balances. Interest expense includes fees incurred under our 2023 Credit Facility, including commitment fees and debt issuance costs. 
 
 Other income (expense), net consists of our foreign currency exchange gains, losses relating to transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar and contingent gains. We expect our foreign currency gains and losses to be immaterial in future periods but continue to fluctuate due to changes in both the volume of foreign currency transactions and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Income Tax Provision 
 
 We are subject to federal and state income taxes in the United States. Our annual estimated tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily as a result of a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets, stock-based compensation, state taxes, nondeductible executive compensation and other permanent differences. We maintain a full valuation allowance for our federal and state deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards, as we have concluded that it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth our condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) data for each of the periods indicated: 
 For the three months ended September 30, 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands) Revenue 99,237 86,169 278,503 254,101 Cost of revenue 60,841 58,964 172,613 183,796 Gross profit 38,396 27,205 105,890 70,305 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative (1) 
 23,427 24,146 72,277 74,995 Marketing 13,170 9,110 33,778 28,605 Restructuring 357 2,104 Research and development (1) 
 1,742 1,584 5,137 4,638 Total operating expenses 38,339 35,197 111,192 110,342 Operating income (loss) 57 (7,992) (5,302) (40,037) Interest and other income (expense), net 127 (71) 44 (269) Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 184 (8,063) (5,258) (40,306) Income tax provision 19 35 56 75 Net income (loss) 165 (8,098) (5,314) (40,381) 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands) Selling, general and administrative 2,012 3,608 13,164 13,648 Research and development 154 99 429 244 Total 2,166 3,707 13,593 13,892 
 21 

The following table sets forth our condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) data expressed as a percentage of revenue : 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 (as a percentage of revenue) Revenue 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of revenue 61.3 68.4 62.0 72.3 Gross profit 38.7 31.6 38.0 27.7 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative 23.6 28.0 26.0 29.5 Marketing 13.3 10.6 12.1 11.3 Restructuring 0.4 0.8 Research and development 1.8 1.8 1.8 1.8 Total operating expenses 38.6 40.8 39.9 43.4 Operating income (loss) 0.1 (9.3) (1.9) (15.8) Interest and other income (expense), net 0.1 (0.1) (0.1) Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 0.2 (9.4) (1.9) (15.9) Income tax provision Net income (loss) 0.2 (9.4) (1.9) (15.9) 
 ______________ 
 
 Amounts may not sum due to rounding. 
 
 Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 For the three months ended September 30, 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 change change 2024 
 2023 
 change change (In thousands, except percentages) Revenue 99,237 86,169 13,068 15.2 278,503 254,101 24,402 9.6 
 
 Revenue was 99.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 86.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 13.1 million, or 15.2 , was primarily due to an increase in wipes revenue of 9.9 million, an increase in baby personal care revenue of 2.3 million, an increase in diaper revenue of 1.8 million and an increase in baby apparel revenue of 1.5 million, partially offset by a decline in skincare and color cosmetics revenue of 2.7 million. 
 
 Revenue was 278.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 254.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 24.4 million, or 9.6 , was primarily due to an increase in wipes revenue of 14.3 million, an increase in baby apparel revenue of 11.3 million and an increase in baby personal care revenue of 5.4 million, as well as lower trade spend compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, partially offset by a decline in skincare and color cosmetics of 6.6 million. We estimate that pricing increases taken in 2023 contributed 3.2 million, excluding price pack architecture, to revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 22 

Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change 2024 2023 change change (In thousands, except percentages) Cost of revenue 60,841 58,964 1,877 3.2 172,613 183,796 (11,183) (6.1) Gross profit 38,396 27,205 11,191 41.1 105,890 70,305 35,585 50.6 
 
 Cost of revenue was 60.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 59.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 1.9 million, or 3.2 , was primarily driven by an increase in product costs related to higher sales volume, partially offset by savings in fulfillment costs mainly due to the decline in Honest.com revenue. Cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased by 712 basis points primarily due to cost savings across most of the cost structure, including supply chain and product costs compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Cost of revenue was 172.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 183.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease of 11.2 million, or 6.1 , was primarily driven by lower transportation and fulfillment costs as we focus on operating discipline, as well as a one-time reduction of 3.0 million in costs as a result of the Transformation Initiative recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, partially offset by an increase in product costs related to higher sales volume. Cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased by 1,035 basis points primarily due to cost savings across most of the cost structure, including supply chain and product costs, price increases and lower trade promotion levels as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Gross profit was 38.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 27.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 11.2 million, or 41.1 , was primarily related to cost savings, including reduced transportation, product and fulfillment costs, and sales volume growth. 
 
 Gross profit was 105.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 70.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 35.6 million, or 50.6 , was primarily related to cost savings, including reduced transportation, product and fulfillment costs, price increases, sales volume growth and efficient trade spend. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change 2024 2023 change change (In thousands, except percentages) Selling, general and administrative 23,427 24,146 (719) (3.0) 72,277 74,995 (2,718) (3.6) 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses were 23.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 24.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease of 0.7 million, or 3.0 , was primarily due to a 1.6 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense, a 0.6 million decrease in donations expense primarily related to our SKU rationalization program under the Transformation Initiative and a 0.5 million decrease in general administrative expenses, partially offset by a 2.7 million increase in legal expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased 4.4 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses were 72.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 75.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease of 2.7 million, or 3.6 , was primarily due to a 3.2 million decrease in donations expense primarily related to our SKU rationalization program under the Transformation Initiative, a 2.1 million decrease in general administrative expenses and a 0.5 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by a 2.2 million increase in service fees related to baby apparel and a 2.1 million increase in legal expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased 3.6 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 23 

Marketing Expenses 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change 2024 2023 change change (In thousands, except percentages) Marketing 13,170 9,110 4,060 44.6 33,778 28,605 5,173 18.1 
 
 Marketing expenses were 13.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 9.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 4.1 million, or 44.6 , was primarily due to a 3.3 million increase in retail marketing. Marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue increased 2.7 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Marketing expenses were 33.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 28.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 5.2 million, or 18.1 , was primarily due to a 3.2 million increase in retail marketing and a 1.0 million increase in marketing agency fees. Marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue increased 0.9 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change 2024 2023 change change (In thousands, except percentages) Research and development 1,742 1,584 158 10.0 5,137 4,638 499 10.8 
 
 Research and development expenses were 1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 1.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 0.2 million, or 10.0 , was primarily related to an increase in research and development spend in safety testing and related-employee expenses, consistent with our focus on continued innovation. Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased 0.08 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Research and development expenses were 5.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 4.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 0.5 million, or 10.8 , was primarily related to an increase in research and development spend in safety testing, pilot trials, and related-employee expenses, consistent with our focus on continued innovation. Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenue increased 0.02 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 change 2024 2023 change (In thousands, except percentages) Interest income (expense), net 94 (27) 121 75 (253) 328 Other income (expense), net 33 (44) 77 (31) (16) (15) Interest and other income (expense), net 127 (71) 198 44 (269) 313 
 
 Interest and other income (expense), net was net income of 127 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net expense of 71 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Interest and other income (expense), net was net income of 44 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net expense of 269 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 53.4 million of cash and cash equivalents. Although we are dependent on our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or raise capital to achieve our business objectives, we believe our existing cash 
 24 

and cash equivalents together with cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our short-term projected operations for the next 12 months from the date of issuance of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. We will need to generate sufficient cash from operations or raise additional capital to meet our long-term working capital and capital expenditure needs. We also have availability under our 2023 Credit Facility, which was not drawn as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 2023 Credit Facility 
 
 In January 2023, we entered into a first lien credit agreement (the 2023 Credit Facility ), with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and lender, and the other lenders party thereto, which provides for a 35.0 million revolving credit facility that matures on April 30, 2026. The 2023 Credit Facility includes a sub-facility that provides for the issuance of letters of credit in an amount of up to 15.0 million at any time outstanding. Availability of the 2023 Credit Facility is based upon a borrowing base formula and periodic borrowing base certifications valuing certain of our accounts receivable and inventory as reduced by certain reserves. The 2023 Credit Facility includes an uncommitted accordion feature that allows for increases in the revolving commitment to as much as an additional 35.0 million, for up to 70.0 million in potential revolving commitment. The 2023 Credit Facility is subject to customary fees for loan facilities of this type, including a commitment fee based on the average daily undrawn portion of the 2023 Credit Facility. We recognize the commitment fee as incurred in interest and other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the commitment fee incurred was immaterial. As of September 30, 2024, there were 2.7 million of outstanding letters of credit and 30.4 million available to be drawn upon. As of September 30, 2024, there was no outstanding balance under the 2023 Credit Facility. 
 
 The interest rate applicable to the 2023 Credit Facility is, at our option, either (a) the Adjusted Term SOFR rate (subject to a 0.00 floor), plus a margin ranging from 1.50 to 2.25 or (b) the CB floating rate, (i) plus a margin of 0.25 or (ii) minus a margin ranging from 0.25 to 0.50 . The margin is based upon our fixed charge coverage ratio. The CB floating rate is the higher of (a) the Wall Street Journal prime rate and (b) 2.50 . 
 
 The 2023 Credit Facility will terminate and borrowings thereunder, if any, would be due in full on April 30, 2026. Debt under the 2023 Credit Facility is guaranteed by substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries and is secured by substantially all of our and such subsidiaries assets. 
 
 The 2023 Credit Facility contains covenants that restrict, among other things, our ability to sell assets, make investments and acquisitions, grant liens, change our lines of business, pay dividends and make certain other restricted payments. We are subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants including the requirement that we maintain a minimum total fixed charge coverage ratio during the periods set forth in the 2023 Credit Facility. Failure to do so, unless waived by the lenders under the 2023 Credit Facility pursuant to its terms, as amended, would result in an event of default under the 2023 Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024, we are in compliance with all covenants under the 2023 Credit Facility. 
 
 Refer to Note 5 Credit Facilities included in the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information on the 2023 Credit Facility. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 For the nine months ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 18,366 9,431 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (184) 4,095 Net cash provided by financing activities 2,432 60 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Our largest source of operating cash is from the sales of our products to our consumers and customers. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for cost of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses, marketing expenses and research and development expenses. We have in the past generated negative cash flows from operating activities and have supplemented working capital requirements through net proceeds from the sale and maturity of short-term investments. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities of 18.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to non-cash adjustments of 22.1 million and a net increase in cash related to changes in operating assets and liabilities of 1.6 million, partially offset by a net loss of 5.3 million. Non-cash adjustments primarily consisted of stock-based compensation of 13.6 million, amortization of operating Right-of-Use ("ROU") assets of 4.8 million, utilization of marketing credits of 1.6 million and depreciation and amortization of 2.1 million. Changes in cash flows related to operating assets and liabilities 
 25 

primarily consisted of 6.9 million increase in accounts receivable and a 1.2 million decrease in inventory, partially offset by a 6.1 million use of cash due to operating lease obligations and a 3.6 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses driven by timing of payments to vendors. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities of 9.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to net loss of 40.4 million, non-cash adjustments of 20.6 million and a net increase in cash related to changes in operating assets and liabilities of 29.2 million. Non-cash adjustments primarily consisted of stock-based compensation of 13.9 million, amortization of operating ROU assets of 4.7 million and depreciation and amortization of 2.0 million. Changes in cash flows related to operating assets and liabilities primarily consisted of cash provided by a 36.2 million decrease in inventory, a 7.5 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets and a 4.1 million decrease in accounts receivable due to improved collection efforts, partially offset by a decrease of 13.9 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses driven by lower inventory purchases due to our disciplined inventory management and a 5.7 million use of cash due to operating lease obligations in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Our primary source of investing cash historically has been the sale and maturity of short-term investments. Our primary use of investing cash historically has been the purchase of short-term investments and currently is property and equipment. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due to purchases of property and equipment. 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities of 4.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to proceeds from maturities of short-term investments of 5.7 million, offset by purchases of property and equipment of 1.6 
 million. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Our financing activities primarily consisted of proceeds from sales of securities, proceeds from stock option award exercises and principal payments of financing lease obligations. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of 2.4 million of proceeds from stock option award exercises. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 60 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted of proceeds from the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2021 ESPP ), partially offset by principal payments of financing lease 
 obligations. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination regarding the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions (including any restrictions in our then-existing debt arrangements), capital requirements, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. The 2023 Credit Facility contains restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 
 We prepare and present our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. However, management believes that adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, provides investors with additional useful information in evaluating our performance. 
 
 We calculate adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), adjusted to exclude: (1) interest and other (income) expense, net; (2) income tax provision; (3) depreciation and amortization; (4) stock-based compensation expense, including payroll tax; (5) litigation and settlement fees associated with certain non-ordinary course securities litigation claims; (6) Chief Executive Officer CEO and founder and former Chief Creative Officer CCO transition expenses and (7) restructuring expenses in connection with the Transformation Initiative. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a financial measure that is not required by, or presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe that adjusted EBITDA, when taken together with our financial results presented in accordance with GAAP, provides meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance and facilitates internal comparisons of our historical operating performance on a more consistent basis by excluding certain items that may not be indicative of our business, results of operations or outlook. In particular, we believe that the use of adjusted EBITDA is helpful to our investors as it is a measure used by 
 26 

management in assessing the health of our business, determining incentive compensation and evaluating our operating performance, as well as for internal planning and forecasting purposes. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is presented for supplemental informational purposes only, has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Some of the limitations of adjusted EBITDA include that (1) it does not reflect capital commitments to be paid in the future; (2) although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the underlying assets may need to be replaced and adjusted EBITDA does not reflect these capital expenditures; (3) it does not consider the impact of stock-based compensation expense; (4) it does not reflect other non-operating expenses, including interest expense; (5) it does not reflect tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; and (6) does not include certain non-ordinary cash expenses that we do not believe are representative of our business on a steady-state basis, such as CEO and founder/CCO transition expenses and restructuring expenses in connection with the Transformation Initiative. In addition, our use of adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies because they may not calculate adjusted EBITDA in the same manner, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these limitations, when evaluating our performance, you should consider adjusted EBITDA alongside other financial measures, including our revenue, net income (loss) and other results stated in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss), the most directly comparable financial measure stated in accordance with GAAP, to adjusted EBITDA, for each of the periods presented: 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 
 (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA Net income (loss) 165 (8,098) (5,314) (40,381) Interest and other (income) expense, net (127) 71 (44) 269 Income tax provision 19 35 56 75 Depreciation and amortization 706 681 2,132 2,021 Stock-based compensation 2,166 3,707 13,593 13,892 Securities litigation expense 4,089 1,374 5,759 4,325 CEO and founder/CCO transition expense (1) 
 808 858 2,085 Restructuring costs (2) 
 357 2,104 Payroll tax expense related to stock-based compensation 61 9 277 122 Adjusted EBITDA 7,079 (1,056) 17,317 (15,488) 
 __________________ 
 
 (1) Includes sign-on bonus and relocation costs related to the appointment of our CEO and separation costs related to the termination of our former founder and CCO. 
 (2) See Note 12 Restructuring in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for items included in restructuring expense. 
 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were no changes to our material cash requirements from those described under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from our estimates. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. 
 
 Our critical accounting estimates are described under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in our Annual Report and the notes to the 
 27 

audited consolidated financial statements appearing in our Annual Report. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to our critical accounting estimates from those discussed in our Annual Report. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted and recently adopted accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 
 In April 2012, the JOBS Act was enacted. Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Thus, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards and to adopt certain of the reduced disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies. As a result of the accounting standards election, we are not subject to the same implementation timing for new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies which may make comparison of our financials to those of other public companies more difficult. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Under SEC rules and regulations, as a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls a nd procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer , evaluated, as of the period ended September 30, 2024, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer , believe that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. 
 
 28 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 The information contained under the heading Litigation in Note 7 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is incorporated by reference into this Item. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks. The following summary highlights some of the risks you should consider with respect to our business and prospects. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described in our Annual Report, together with all of the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes as disclosed in our Annual Report. The risks and uncertainties described in our Annual Report and in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not the only ones we face. Additional risk and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we deem immaterial may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. The realization of any of these risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, growth and future prospects as well as our ability to accomplish our strategic objectives. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 
 Investing in our common stock involves substantial risks. Some of the more significant risks include the following: 
 
 Our past growth may not be indicative of our future growth and we may not be able to effectively manage our future growth or evaluate our future prospects. If we fail to effectively manage our future growth or evaluate our future prospects, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to achieve our long-term strategy. 
 Consolidation of retail customers, the loss of a significant retail or third-party ecommerce customer or a significant change in such customers' historical purchasing patterns has in the past and could in the future negatively impact our sales and ability to achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We may not be able to compete successfully in our highly competitive market. 
 If we fail to cost-effectively acquire new consumers or retain our existing consumers, our business could be adversely affected. Our sales and profit are dependent upon our ability to expand our existing consumer relationships and acquire new consumers. 
 We are increasingly dependent on information technology and our ability to process data in order to operate and sell our products, and if we (or our third parties) are unable to protect against software and hardware vulnerabilities, service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks, ransomware or security breaches, or if we fail to comply with our commitments and assurances regarding the privacy and security of such data, we could experience adverse consequences, including but not limited to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions to our business operations; interruptions in our ability to provide our goods and services exposure to liability; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales; and other adverse consequences. 
 Pandemics or disease outbreaks and overall macroeconomic trends have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our strategic initiatives, including as part of the Transformation Pillars, could have long-term adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, could result in total costs and expenses that are greater than expected, and we may not realize the operational or financial benefits from such actions. 
 We must expend resources to maintain consumer awareness of our brand, build brand loyalty and generate interest in our products. Our marketing strategies and channels will evolve and shifts in our marketing strategies and efforts may or may not be successful. 
 Our brand and reputation may be diminished due to real or perceived quality, safety, efficacy or environmental impact issues with our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our ability to maintain our competitive position is largely dependent on the services of our senior management and other key personnel. 
 We have a history of net losses and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 Our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to provide our consumers with a technology platform that is able to respond and adapt to rapid changes in technology. 
 29 

A disruption in our operations could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business, including our costs and supply chain, is subject to risks associated with sourcing, manufacturing, warehousing, distribution and logistics, and the loss of any of our key suppliers or logistical service providers could negatively impact our business. 
 We rely on third-party suppliers, manufacturers, retail and ecommerce customers and other vendors, and they may not continue to produce products or provide services that are consistent with our standards or applicable regulatory requirements, which could harm our brand, cause consumer dissatisfaction, and require us to find alternative suppliers of our products or services. 
 Health and safety incidents or advertising inaccuracies or product mislabeling may have an adverse effect on our business by exposing us to lawsuits, product recalls or regulatory enforcement actions, increasing our operating costs and reducing demand for our product offerings. 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from stakeholders with respect to our ESG practices, performance, commitments and disclosures may impact our reputation, increase our costs and impact our access to capital. 
 International trade disputes and the U.S. government s trade policy could adversely affect our business. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 Other than the risk factors set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in the section titled Risk Factors included in our Annual Report. 
 
 Our ability to maintain our competitive position is largely dependent on the services of our senior management and other key personnel. 
 
 Our ability to maintain our competitive position is largely dependent on the services of our senior management and other key personnel, and the loss of their services could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Jessica Warren departed as our Chief Creative Officer on April 9, 2024. Jessica Warren is a globally recognized Latina business leader, entrepreneur, advocate, actress, and New York Times bestselling author. We believe that the success of our brand has historically been based in part on our affiliation with Jessica Warren. We had an agreement with Jessica Warren, or the Likeness Agreement, which, among other things, included a license for her likeness and imposed various obligations on us. The Likeness Agreement was terminated as part of Ms. Warren's departure from her Chief Creative Officer position. Resulting from the termination of the Likeness Agreement, we are required to remove certain licensed property from our website, digital assets, social media and Company-owned or -controlled assets, digital assets and sell existing inventory that use the licensed intellectual property on its packaging. Our obligations from the termination of the Likeness Agreement could result in a reduction of our operating margins and cash flow from operations or otherwise adversely affect our business. Additionally, the loss of our ability to use Ms. Warren s likeness could result in marketplace confusion, loss of goodwill and/or similar negative consequences. We have also historically depended on Ms. Warren s social media reach and influence to connect with consumers and provide insight on current trends. The loss of the services of Ms. Warren and the loss of our ability to use Ms. Warren s likeness, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, our future success depends on our continued ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled employees, including Carla Vern n, who became our CEO effective January 9, 2023. The market for such positions is competitive. Qualified individuals, like Ms. Vern n with her extensive experience in CPG and with founder-built businesses, are in high demand and we may incur significant costs to attract them. In addition, the loss of any of our senior management or other key employees or our inability to recruit and develop mid-level managers could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and we may be unable to find adequate replacements. All of our employees are at-will employees, meaning that they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry would be extremely difficult to replace. If we fail to retain talented senior management and other key personnel, or if we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations under our existing license agreements or cannot license rights to use technologies on reasonable terms or at all, we may be unable to license rights that are critical to our business. 
 
 We license or have the right to use certain intellectual property which is critical to our business, including in connection with the Mutual Separation Agreement with Jessica Warren. If we fail to comply with any of the obligations under our license agreements or the Mutual Separation Agreement with Jessica Warren, including not selling licensed products after the agreed timeframe, we may be required to pay damages, dispose of licensed products, increase our reserves for licensed products that cannot be sold, and the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and result of operations. Termination by the licensor would cause us to lose valuable rights, and could inhibit our ability to commercialize our products. If any contract interpretation disagreement were to arise, the resolution could narrow what we 
 30 

believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement. Any of the foregoing could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, in the future we may identify additional third-party intellectual property we may need to license in order to engage in our business, including to develop or commercialize new products. However, such licenses may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and companies with greater size and capital resources than us may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. Even if such licenses are available, we may be required to pay the licensor substantial royalties or other fees. If we are unable to enter into the necessary licenses on acceptable terms or at all, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We may seek to grow our business through acquisitions of, or investments in, new or complementary businesses, facilities, technologies or products, or through strategic alliances, and the failure to successfully manage or execute these acquisitions, investments or alliances, or to integrate them with our existing business, could have an adverse effect on us. 
 
 From time to time we may consider opportunities to acquire or make investments in new or complementary businesses, facilities, technologies, offerings or products, or enter into strategic alliances, that may enhance our capabilities, expand our outsourcing and supplier network, complement our current products or expand the breadth of our markets. 
 
 Acquisitions, investments and other strategic alliances, including our supplier services agreement with Butterblu, involve numerous risks, including: 
 problems integrating the acquired business, facilities, technologies or products, including issues maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies; 
 risks associated with quality control and brand reputation; 
 unanticipated costs associated with acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances; 
 diversion of management s attention from our existing business; 
 adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers, outsourced private brand manufacturing partners and retail and ecommerce partners; 
 risks associated with any dispute that may arise with respect to such strategic alliance; 
 risks associated with entering new markets in which we may have limited or no experience; 
 potential loss of key employees of acquired businesses; and 
 increased legal and accounting compliance costs. 
 
 We are currently in discussions with Butterblu regarding our respective obligations under the supplier services agreement pursuant to which Butterblu provides certain design, manufacturing, sales and marketing services to us. As part of the supplier services agreement, we have agreed to purchase and own inventory for the term of the supplier service agreement, which is until December 31, 2026, unless terminated sooner. Butterblu continues to operate and maintain our baby apparel offerings independently through the honestbabyclothing.com website under our supplier services agreement and Honest Baby Clothing sales are reflected as revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. These discussions could result in termination of the supplier services agreement prior to its termination date, potential disputes over the terms of termination, and costs to us related to the inventory we agreed to purchase and own for the term of the agreement. In addition, any loss of the relationship with Butterblu may negatively impact sales of our baby apparel, which will adversely affect our results of operations. Revenue generated from baby apparel was 11 and 11 , respectively, of our total revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and 11 and 7 , respectively, of our total revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Our ability to successfully grow through strategic transactions depends upon our ability to identify, negotiate, complete and integrate suitable target businesses, facilities, technologies and products and to obtain any necessary financing. These efforts could be expensive and time-consuming and may disrupt our ongoing business and prevent management from focusing on our operations. If we are unable to identify suitable acquisitions or strategic relationships, or if we are unable to integrate any acquired businesses, facilities, technologies and products effectively, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. Also, while we employ several different methodologies to assess potential business opportunities, the new businesses may not meet or exceed our expectations. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 
 None. 
 
 31 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 of our officers or directors entered into a 10b5-1 trading plan during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. However, during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 our officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) entered into sell-to-cover arrangements adopted pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 authorizing the pre-arranged sale of shares to satisfy tax withholding obligations of the Company arising exclusively from the vesting of time-vesting or performance-vesting restricted stock units and the related issuance of shares of Common Stock. The amount of shares of Common Stock to be sold to satisfy the Company s tax withholding obligations under these arrangements is dependent on future events which cannot be known at this time, including the future trading price of Company shares. The expiration date relating to these arrangements is dependent on future events which cannot be known at this time, including the final vest date of the applicable time-vesting or performance-vesting restricted stock units and the officer s termination of service. 
 32 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as currently in effect (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40378), filed with the SEC on May 11, 2021). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, as currently in effect (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40378), filed with the SEC on March 16, 2023). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 104 Cover page formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

Furnished herewith and not deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

33 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 The Honest Company, Inc. Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Carla Vern n 
 Carla Vern n 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ David Loretta David Loretta 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 
 34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 honestcoq3-24exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Carla Vern n, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The Honest Company, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Carla Vern n Carla Vern n Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 honestcoq3-24exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, David Loretta, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The Honest Company, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By 
 s David Loretta 

David Loretta 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 honestcoq3-24exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of The Honest Company, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Carla Vern n, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Carla Vern n Carla Vern n Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 honestcoq3-24exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of The Honest Company, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Loretta, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 12, 2024 
 By s David Loretta David Loretta 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 
 This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hnst-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hnst-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hnst-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hnst-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hnst-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

