<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_357173_0000357173-24-000075.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>31227722</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>189088</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2155842</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14554689</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3517005</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>9527914</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000357173-24-000075.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107133048
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000357173-24-000075
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OLD SECOND BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000357173
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				363143493
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10537
		FILM NUMBER:		241434486

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		37 S RIVER ST
		CITY:			AURORA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60507
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6308920202

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		37 SOUTH RIVER STREET
		CITY:			AURORA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60507

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000357173-24-000075.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 tmb-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 
 
 Table of Contents 
 I UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For transition period from to Commission File Number (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) of incorporation or organization) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes No As of November 5, 2024, the Registrant has shares of common stock outstanding at 1.00 par value per share. 

Table of Contents 
 OLD SECOND BANCORP, INC. Form 10-Q Quarterly Report Table of Contents Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements PART I Page Number Item 1. Financial Statements 5 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 41 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 65 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 66 PART II Item 1. Legal Proceedings 67 Item 1.A. Risk Factors 67 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 67 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 67 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 68 Item 5. Other Information 68 Item 6. Exhibits 69 Signatures 70 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report and other publicly available documents of the Company contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, including, but not limited to, management s expectations regarding future plans, strategies and financial performance, including regulatory developments, industry and economic trends and estimates and assumptions underlying accounting policies. Forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions and on information currently available and, can be identified by the use of words such as expects, intends, believes, may, will, would, could, should, plan, anticipate, estimate, possible, likely or the negative thereof as well as other similar words and expressions of the future. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict as to timing, extent, likelihood and degree of occurrence, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in or by such statements. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: our ability to execute our growth strategy; negative economic conditions that adversely affect the economy, real estate values, the job market and other factors nationally and in our market area, in each case that may affect our liquidity and the performance of our loan portfolio; risks with respect to our ability to successfully expand and integrate businesses and operations that we acquire, as well our ability to identify and complete future mergers or acquisitions; the financial success and viability of the borrowers of our commercial loans; changes in U.S. monetary policy, the level and volatility of interest rates, the capital markets and other market conditions that may affect, among other things, our liquidity and the value of our assets and liabilities; competitive pressures from other financial service businesses and from nontraditional financial technology FinTech companies; any negative perception of our reputation or financial strength; our ability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed; our ability to raise cost-effective funding to support business plans when needed; our ability to use technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands and create efficiencies in operations; adverse effects on our information technology systems resulting from system failures, human error or cyberattacks; adverse effects of failures by our vendors to provide agreed upon services in the manner and at the cost agreed, particularly our information technology vendors and those vendors performing a service on the Company s behalf; the impact of any claims or legal actions, including any effect on our reputation; losses incurred in connection with repurchases and indemnification payments related to mortgages; the soundness of other financial institutions and other counter-party risk; changes in accounting standards, rules and interpretations and the related impact on our financial statements; our ability to receive dividends from our subsidiaries; a decrease in our regulatory capital ratios or negative changes in our capital position; adverse federal or state tax assessments, or changes in tax laws or policies; risks associated with actual or potential litigation or investigations by customers, regulatory agencies or others; economic, legislative or regulatory changes, including the impact of changes to Congress and the Office of the President, particularly changes in regulation of financial services companies; increased costs of compliance, heightened regulatory capital requirements and other risks associated with changes in regulation and the current regulatory environment; 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 risks associated with complex and changing regulatory environments, including, among others, with respect to data privacy, artificial intelligence, information security, climate change or other environmental, social and governance matters, and labor matters, relating to our operations; the adverse effects of events beyond our control that may have a destabilizing effect on financial markets and the economy, such as epidemics and pandemics, war or terrorist activities, such as the war in Ukraine , the Middle East conflict, and the conflict between China and Taiwan, essential utility outages, deterioration in the global economy, instability in the credit markets, disruptions in our customers supply chains or disruption in transportation and disruptions caused from widespread cybersecurity incidents; changes in trade policy and any related tariffs; and each of the factors and risks under the heading Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in subsequent filings we make with the SEC. Because the Company s ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain, there can be no assurances that future actual results will correspond to any forward-looking statements and you should not rely on any forward-looking statements. Additionally, all statements in this Form 10-Q, including forward-looking statements, speak only as of the date they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any statement in light of new information or future events, except as required by applicable law. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except share data) 

(unaudited) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest earning deposits with financial institutions Cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale, at fair value Federal Home Loan Bank Chicago FHLBC and Federal Reserve Bank Chicago FRBC stock Loans held-for-sale Loans Less: allowance for credit losses on loans Net loans Premises and equipment, net Other real estate owned Mortgage servicing rights, at fair value Goodwill Core deposit intangible Bank-owned life insurance BOLI Deferred tax assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities Deposits: Noninterest bearing demand Interest bearing: Savings, NOW, and money market Time Total deposits Securities sold under repurchase agreements Other short-term borrowings Junior subordinated debentures Subordinated debentures Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders Equity Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Common Common Stock Stock Par value Shares authorized Shares issued Shares outstanding Treasury shares See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements . 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Income (In thousands, except per share data) 

(unaudited) (unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest and dividend income Loans, including fees Loans held-for-sale Securities: Taxable Tax exempt Dividends from FHLBC and FRBC stock Interest bearing deposits with financial institutions Total interest and dividend income Interest expense Savings, NOW, and money market deposits Time deposits Securities sold under repurchase agreements Other short-term borrowings Junior subordinated debentures Subordinated debentures Senior notes - - - Notes payable and other borrowings - - - Total interest expense Net interest and dividend income Provision for credit losses Net interest and dividend income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Wealth management Service charges on deposits Secondary mortgage fees Mortgage servicing rights mark to market (loss) gain ) ) ) Mortgage servicing income Net gain on sales of mortgage loans Securities losses, net ) ) - ) Change in cash surrender value of BOLI Death benefit realized on BOLI - - Card related income Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy, furniture and equipment Computer and data processing FDIC insurance Net teller bill paying General bank insurance Amortization of core deposit intangible Advertising expense Card related expense Legal fees Consulting management fees Other real estate expense, net ) Other expense Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Dividends declared per share See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (In thousands) 

(unaudited) (unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities arising during the period ) ) Related tax (expense) benefit ) ) Holding gains (losses), after tax, on available-for-sale securities ) ) Less: Reclassification adjustment for the net gains (losses) realized during the period Net realized losses ) ) - ) Related tax benefit - - Net realized (losses) gains, after tax ) ) - ) Other comprehensive income (loss) on available-for-sale securities ) Changes in fair value of derivatives used for cash flow hedges Related tax expense ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income on cash flow hedges Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income 

Accumulated Accumulated Total Unrealized Gain Unrealized Gain Accumulated Other (Loss) on Securities (Loss) on Derivative Comprehensive (unaudited) Available-for -Sale Instruments Income/(Loss) For the Three Months Ended Balance, July 1, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Balance, July 1, 2024 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) For the Nine Months Ended Balance, January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Balance, January 1, 2024 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) 

(unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net premium / discount amortization on securities Securities losses, net - Provision for credit losses Originations of loans held-for-sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held-for-sale Net gains on sales of mortgage loans ) ) Mortgage servicing rights mark to market loss Net accretion of discount on loans and unfunded commitments ) ) Net change in cash surrender value of BOLI ) ) Net gains on sale of other real estate owned ) ) Provision for other real estate owned valuation losses - Depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of leasehold improvements Net gains on disposal and transfer of fixed assets - ) Amortization of core deposit intangibles Change in current income taxes receivable Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) Change in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) Accretion of purchase accounting adjustment on time deposits ) ) Change in accrued interest payable and other liabilities Stock based compensation Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Proceeds from maturities and calls, including pay down of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from sales of securities available-for-sale Purchases of securities available-for-sale ) ) Net redemptions (purchases) of FHLBC/FRBC stock ) Net change in loans ) Purchases of BOLI policies ) - Proceeds from claims on BOLI, net of claims receivable - Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned, net of participations and improvements Proceeds from disposition of premises and equipment - Net purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Net change in deposits ) ) Net change in securities sold under repurchase agreements ) Net change in other short-term borrowings ) Repayment of term note - ) Repayment of senior notes - ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements . 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (In thousands) 

Accumulated Additional Other Total (unaudited) Common Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Treasury Stockholders Stock Capital Earnings (Loss) Income Stock Equity For the Three Months Ended Balance, July 1, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends declared on common stock, per share) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock ) - Stock based compensation Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance, July 1, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends declared on common stock, per share) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock ) - Stock based compensation Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 

For the Nine Months Ended Balance, January 1, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends declared on common stock, per share) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock ) - Stock based compensation Purchase of treasury stock from taxes withheld on stock awards ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance, January 1, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends declared on common stock, per share) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock ) - Stock based compensation Purchase of treasury stock from taxes withheld on stock awards ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 

 10 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 Change in Significant Accounting Policies Significant accounting policies are presented in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. These policies, along with the disclosures presented in the other financial statement notes and in this discussion, provide information on how significant assets and liabilities are valued in the consolidated financial statements and how those values are determined. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company had no changes to significant accounting policies or estimates. , our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of per share of common stock payable on , to stockholders of record as of ; dividends of million were paid to stockholders on November 4, 2024. 

 11 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 million at September 30, 2024, and million at December 31, 2023. FRBC stock was recorded at million at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. The following tables summarize the amortized cost and fair value of the securities portfolio at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, and the corresponding amounts of gross unrealized gains and losses: ) U.S. government agencies - ) U.S. government agencies mortgage-backed - ) States and political subdivisions ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Asset-backed securities ) Collateralized loan obligations ) Total securities available-for-sale ) 

Gross Gross Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair December 31, 2023 Cost 1 Gains Losses Value Securities available-for-sale U.S. Treasury - ) U.S. government agencies - ) U.S. government agencies mortgage-backed - ) States and political subdivisions ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Asset-backed securities ) Collateralized loan obligations ) Total securities available-for-sale ) 1 Excludes accrued interest receivable of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, that is recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

 12 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 The fair value, amortized cost and weighted average yield of debt securities at September 30, 2024, by contractual maturity, are listed in the table below. Securities not due at a single maturity date are shown separately. Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed and collateralized mortgage obligations Asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Total securities available-for-sale At September 30, 2024, the Company had securities issued from any originator, other than the U.S. Government and its agencies, which individually amounted to over of the Company s stockholders equity. Securities with unrealized losses with corresponding allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, were as follows (in thousands except for number of securities): U.S. government agencies - - - U.S. government agencies mortgage-backed - - - States and political subdivisions Collateralized mortgage obligations Asset-backed securities - - - Collateralized loan obligations Total securities available-for-sale Less than 12 months 12 months or more December 31, 2023 in an unrealized loss position in an unrealized loss position Total Number of Unrealized Fair Number of Unrealized Fair Number of Unrealized Fair Securities available-for-sale Securities Losses Value Securities Losses Value Securities Losses Value U.S. Treasuries - - - U.S. government agencies - - - U.S. government agencies mortgage-backed - - - States and political subdivisions Collateralized mortgage obligations Asset-backed securities - - - Collateralized loan obligations - - - Total securities available-for-sale Each quarter, we perform an analysis to determine if any of the unrealized losses on securities available-for-sale are comprised of credit losses as compared to unrealized losses due to market interest rate adjustments. Our assessment includes a review of the unrealized loss for each security issuance held; the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, including external credit ratings and recent downgrades; and our ability and intent to hold the security for a period of time sufficient for a recovery in value. We also consider the extent to which the securities are issued by the federal government or its agencies, and any guarantee of issued amounts by those agencies. The portfolio continues to consist of a mix of fixed and floating-rate, high quality securities, largely rated AA (or better), displaying an overall effective duration of approximately years. credit losses were determined to be present as of September 30, 2024, as there was no credit quality deterioration noted. Therefore, provision for credit losses on securities was recognized for the third quarter of 2024. 

 13 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 Gross realized gains on securities - - - Gross realized losses on securities ) ) ) ) Net realized (losses) gains ) ) - ) Income tax benefit on net realized losses - - Effective tax rate applied N/M N/M Not meaningful. As of September 30, 2024, securities valued at million were pledged for borrowings and for other purposes, a decrease from million of securities pledged at year-end 2023. Leases Commercial real estate investor Commercial real estate owner occupied Construction Residential real estate investor Residential real estate owner occupied Multifamily HELOC Other 1 Total loans Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Net loans 2 1 The Other segment includes consumer loans and overdrafts in this table and in subsequent tables within Note 3 Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans. 2 Excludes accrued interest receivable of million and million at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, that is recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. It is the policy of the Company to review each prospective credit prior to making a loan in order to determine if an adequate level of security or collateral has been obtained. The type of collateral, when required, will vary from liquid assets to real estate. The Company seeks to ensure access to collateral, in the event of borrower default, through adherence to lending laws, the Company s lending standards and credit monitoring procedures. Although the Bank makes loans primarily within its market area, there are no significant concentrations of loans where the customers ability to honor loan terms is dependent upon a single economic sector. The real estate related categories listed above represent and of the portfolio at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, and include a mix of owner occupied and non-owner occupied commercial real estate, residential, construction and multifamily loans. 

 14 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 Leases Commercial real estate investor ) - Commercial real estate owner occupied ) ) Construction - - Residential real estate investor ) - Residential real estate owner occupied - Multifamily ) - - HELOC - Other Total 1 Amount does not include the provision for unfunded commitment liability. 

Provision for Beginning (Release of) Ending Allowance for credit losses Balance Credit Losses 1 Charge-offs Recoveries Balance Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Commercial Leases ) Commercial real estate investor Commercial real estate owner occupied ) Construction - - Residential real estate investor ) - Residential real estate owner occupied ) - Multifamily ) - - HELOC ) - Other Total 1 Amount does not include the provision for unfunded commitment liability. 

Provision for Beginning (Release of) Ending Allowance for credit losses Balance Credit Losses 1 Charge-offs Recoveries Balance Three months ended September 30, 2023 Commercial ) Leases ) - Commercial real estate investor Commercial real estate owner occupied ) Construction ) - Residential real estate investor ) - Residential real estate owner occupied ) - Multifamily ) - - HELOC ) - Other Total 1 Amount does not include the provision for unfunded commitment liability. 

 15 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 ) Leases Commercial real estate investor Commercial real estate owner occupied ) Construction ) - Residential real estate investor ) - Residential real estate owner occupied ) - Multifamily - - HELOC ) - Other Total 1 Amount does not include the provision for unfunded commitment liability. At September 30, 2024, our allowance for credit losses ACL on loans totaled million, and our ACL on unfunded commitments, included in other liabilities, totaled million. During the first nine months of 2024, we recorded net provision for credit losses on loans of million based on historical loss rate updates driven by higher charge offs in commercial real estate-investor, downward risk rating migration, and our assessment of estimated future credit losses. The ACL on loans excludes an allowance for unfunded commitments of million as of September 30, 2024, and million as of both December 31, 2023, and September 30, 2023, which is recorded within other liabilities. Generally, the Bank considers a loan to be collateral dependent when, based on current information and events, it is probable that foreclosure could be initiated. Additionally, the Bank will review all loans meeting the criteria for individual analysis, to determine if repayment or satisfaction of the loan is expected through the sale of collateral. This will generally be the case for credits with high loan-to-values. Exceptions to this policy would include loans with guarantors or sponsors that have the means and willingness to support the obligation. Non-accruing loans with an outstanding balance of or more are assessed on an individual loan level basis. When a financial asset is deemed collateral-dependent, the level of credit loss is measured by the difference between amortized cost of the financial asset and the fair value of collateral adjusted for estimated cost to sell. The Company had million and million of collateral dependent loans secured by real estate or business assets as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

 16 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 - - Leases - - - - - - Commercial real estate investor - - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - - - - Construction - - - Residential real estate investor - - - - Residential real estate owner occupied - - - Multifamily - - - - HELOC - - - - - - Other - - - - - - Total - - Accounts ACL December 31, 2023 Real Estate Receivable Equipment Other Total Allocation Commercial - - Leases - - - Commercial real estate investor - - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - - - Construction - - - - Residential real estate investor - - - - Residential real estate owner occupied - - - - Multifamily - - - - HELOC - - - - Other - - - - - - Total - Aged analysis of past due loans by segments of loans was as follows: - Leases - Commercial real estate investor - - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - Construction - - - Residential real estate investor - - - Residential real estate owner occupied - Multifamily - HELOC - Other - - Total 

 17 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 - Leases - - Commercial real estate investor - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - Construction - Residential real estate investor - Residential real estate owner occupied - Multifamily - - HELOC Other - - - Total The table presents all nonaccrual loans as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023: Leases Commercial real estate investor Commercial real estate owner occupied Construction - Residential real estate investor Residential real estate owner occupied Multifamily HELOC Other - - - - Total The Company recognized and of interest on nonaccrual loans during the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

 18 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 and excludes homogeneous loans such as home equity lines of credit and residential mortgages. Loans with a classified risk rating are reviewed quarterly regardless of size or loan type. The Company uses the following definitions for classified risk ratings: Special Mention. Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan at some future date. Substandard. Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. The substandard credit quality indicator includes both potential problem loans that are currently performing and nonperforming loans. Doubtful. Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. Credits that are not covered by the definitions above are pass credits, which are not considered to be adversely rated. 

 19 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 - Special Mention - - - Substandard - - - - Total commercial - Leases Pass - - Special Mention - - - - Substandard - - - - - Total leases - - Commercial real estate investor Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - Total commercial real estate investor - Commercial real estate owner occupied Pass - Special Mention - - Substandard - - - Total commercial real estate owner occupied - Construction Pass - - Special Mention - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - - Total construction - - Residential real estate investor Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - Total residential real estate investor - Residential real estate owner occupied Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - Total residential real estate owner occupied - Multifamily Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - Total multifamily - HELOC Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - Total HELOC - Other Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - - - - Total other - Total loans Pass - Special Mention - Substandard - Total loans - 

 20 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 Special Mention - - - - Substandard - - - - Total commercial Leases Pass - - Special Mention - - - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - Total leases - - Commercial real estate investor Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - Substandard - - - Total commercial real estate investor - Commercial real estate owner occupied Pass - Special Mention - - Substandard - - - Total commercial real estate owner occupied - Construction Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - Total construction - Residential real estate investor Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - Total residential real estate investor - Residential real estate owner occupied Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - Total residential real estate owner occupied - Multifamily Pass - Special Mention - - - - Substandard - - - - - - Total multifamily - HELOC Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - - - Substandard - - Total HELOC - Other Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - - - - Total other - Total loans Pass Special Mention - Substandard - - Total loans 

 21 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 - - - - - - Leases - - - - - - Commercial real estate investor - - - - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - - - - - Other - - - - - - - Total - - - 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving Loans Revolving Loans Converted To Term Loans Total Commercial - - - - - Leases - - - - - - Commercial real estate investor - - - - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - - - - Other - - - - Total - - - The Company had and in residential real estate loans in the process of foreclosure as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. There were loans modified during the nine-month period ending September 30, 2024, totaling million in aggregate, which were experiencing financial difficulty. There were loans modified during the nine-month period ending September 30, 2023, totaling million in aggregate, which were experiencing financial difficulty. There were modified loans experiencing financial difficulty in payment default as of September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023. The following tables present the amortized costs basis of loans at September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, that were both experiencing financial difficulty and modified during the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, by class and by type of modification. The percentage of the amortized cost basis of loans that were modified to borrowers in financial distress as compared to the amortized cost basis of each class of financing receivable is also presented below. - - Commercial real estate investor - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - - - Residential real estate owner occupied - - - - - Multifamily - - - HELOC - - - - - Total - 1 Payment modifications are either contractual delays in payment or a modification of the payment amount. 

 22 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 - - Commercial real estate investor - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - Residential real estate investor - - - - - Multifamily - - - HELOC - - - - - Total 1 Payment modifications are either contractual delays in payment or a modification of the payment amount. Three months ended September 30, 2023 Term Extension Combination - Term Extension, Interest Rate Modification, Payment Modification, and Principal Reduction Combination - Term Extension and Interest Rate Modification Combination - Term Extension and Payment Modification 1 Total Loans Modified of Total Loan Segment Modified to Total Loan Segment Commercial - - - Commercial real estate investor - - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - - - Residential real estate owner occupied - - - Multifamily - - - HELOC - - - - - Total - - 1 Payment modifications are either contractual delays in payment or a modification of the payment amount. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Term Extension Combination - Term Extension, Interest Rate Modification, Payment Modification, and Principal Reduction Combination - Term Extension and Interest Rate Modification Combination - Term Extension and Payment Modification 1 Total Loans Modified of Total Loan Segment Modified to Total Loan Segment Commercial - - Commercial real estate investor - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - - - Residential real estate owner occupied - - - Multifamily - - - HELOC - - - Total - 1 Payment modifications are either contractual delays in payment or a modification of the payment amount. 

 23 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 Commercial real estate investor - - - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - - Residential real estate owner occupied - - - - Multifamily - - - - HELOC - - - - Total - - September 30, 2023 30-59 days past due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or Greater Past Due Total Past Due Current Total Loans Modified Commercial - - Commercial real estate investor - - - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - - - - Residential real estate owner occupied - - - - Multifamily - - - - HELOC - - - - Total - - The following tables summarize the financial effect of the loan modifications presented above to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023. The Company had loans that had a payment modification as of September 30, 2024. had an increase of monthly payment until maturity, had a reduction of monthly payment until maturity, and with interest-only payments during forbearance; the financial impact of these modifications is immaterial. As of September 30, 2023, there were loans that had a payment modification, to a single payment at maturity and the other to interest-only until maturity. - Commercial real estate investor - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - - Residential real estate owner occupied - - - Multifamily - HELOC - - - Total - 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Weighted-Average Term Extension (In Months) Weighted-Average Interest Rate Change Weighted-Average Delay of Payment (In Months) Commercial - Commercial real estate investor - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - Residential real estate owner occupied - - - Multifamily - HELOC - - - Total - 

 24 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 - - Commercial real estate investor - - Commercial real estate owner occupied - - Residential real estate owner occupied - - Multifamily - - HELOC - - - Total - - 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Weighted-Average Term Extension (In Months) Weighted-Average Interest Rate Change Weighted-Average Delay of Payment (In Months) Commercial - Commercial real estate investor - Commercial real estate owner occupied - - Residential real estate owner occupied - - Multifamily - - HELOC - - Total Property additions, net of acquisition adjustments Less: Proceeds from property disposals, net of participation purchase and gains/losses - Period valuation write-down - - - Balance at end of period Activity in the valuation allowance was as follows: Provision for unrealized losses - - - Reductions taken on sales - - ) Balance at end of period 

 25 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited)) ) ) Provision for unrealized losses - - - Operating expenses Less: Lease revenue - Net OREO expense ) Savings NOW accounts Money market accounts Certificates of deposit of less than 100,000 Certificates of deposit of 100,000 through 250,000 Certificates of deposit of more than 250,000 Total deposits Other short-term borrowings Junior subordinated debentures 1 Subordinated debentures Total borrowings 1 See Note 7: Junior Subordinated Debentures. The Company enters into deposit sweep transactions where the transaction amounts are secured by pledged securities. These transactions consistently mature overnight from the transaction date and are governed by sweep repurchase agreements. All sweep repurchase agreements are treated as financings secured by U.S. government agencies and collateralized mortgage-backed securities, and had a carrying amount of million at September 30, 2024, and million at December 31, 2023. The fair value of the pledged collateral was million at September 30, 2024, and million at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, there were customers with secured balances exceeding of stockholders equity. The Company s borrowings at the FHLBC require the Bank to be a member and invest in the stock of the FHLBC. Total borrowings are generally limited to the lower of of total assets or of the book value of certain mortgage loans. As of September 30, 2024, the Bank had million in short-term advances outstanding under the FHLBC, and million in short-term advances as of December 31, 2023. FHLBC stock held at September 30, 2024, was valued at million, and any potential FHLBC advances were collateralized by loans and securities with a principal balance of billion, which carried a FHLBC-calculated combined collateral value of billion. The Company had excess collateral of million available to secure borrowings at September 30, 2024. 

 26 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 million in aggregate principal amount of our Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due April 15, 2031 (the Notes ). The Company used the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes. The Notes bear interest at a fixed annual rate of , from and including the date of issuance to but excluding April 15, 2026, payable semi-annually in arrears. From and including April 15, 2026, to, but excluding the maturity date or early redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to three-month Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR (as defined by the Note) plus basis points, payable quarterly in arrears. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, we had million of subordinated debentures outstanding, net of deferred issuance cost. The Company issued senior notes in December 2016 with a ten-year maturity, and terms included interest payable semiannually at for . Beginning December 31, 2021, the senior debt began to pay interest at a floating rate, with interest payable quarterly at three-month LIBOR plus basis points. The notes were redeemable, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company, beginning with the interest payment date on December 31, 2021, and on any floating rate interest payment date thereafter, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes plus accrued and unpaid interest. On June 30, 2023, we redeemed all of the million senior notes, at which point the interest rate was . Upon redemption, the related deferred debt issuance costs of was also recorded as interest expense, resulting in an effective cost of this debt issuance of for the second quarter of 2023. On February 24, 2020, the Company originated a million term note with a correspondent bank. The term note was issued at one-month LIBOR plus basis points, and required principal payments quarterly and interest payments monthly. This note was included within Notes payable and other borrowings on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the remaining million balance of the note was paid off on February 24, 2023. The Company also has an undrawn line of credit of million with a correspondent bank to be used for short-term funding needs; advances under this line can be outstanding up to 360 days from the date of issuance. This line of credit has not been utilized since early 2019. million of cumulative trust preferred securities through a private placement completed by an unconsolidated subsidiary, Old Second Capital Trust II, in April 2007. These trust preferred securities mature in , but subject to regulatory approval, can be called in whole or in part on a quarterly basis commencing June 15, 2017. The quarterly cash distributions on the securities were fixed at through June 15, 2017, and now have a floating rate of basis points over . Upon conversion to a floating rate, a cash flow hedge was initiated which resulted in the total interest rate paid on the debt of and for the quarters ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company issued a million subordinated debenture to Old Second Capital Trust II in return for the aggregate net proceeds of this trust preferred offering. The interest rate and payment frequency on the debenture are equivalent to the cash distribution basis on the trust preferred securities. The junior subordinated debentures issued by the Company are disclosed on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the related interest expense for each issuance is included in the Consolidated Statements of Income. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs related to the junior subordinated debentures were less than and are included as a reduction to the balance of the junior subordinated debentures on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remaining deferred issuance costs on the junior subordinated debentures related to the issuance of Old Second Capital Trust II will be amortized to interest expense over the remainder of the -year term of the notes and are included in the Consolidated Statements of Income. shares, and at the May 2021 annual stockholders meeting, the Company obtained stockholder approval to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2019 Plan by shares, from shares to shares. Following the approval of the 2019 Plan, no further awards will be granted under any other prior plan. The 2019 Plan authorizes the granting of qualified stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and stock appreciation rights SARs ). Awards may be granted to selected directors, officers, employees or eligible service providers under the 2019 Plan at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2024, shares remained available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. The Company has granted only restricted stock units under the 2019 Equity Plan. 

 27 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 from the grant date, but the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors has discretionary authority to change the terms of particular awards including the vesting schedule. Under the 2019 Plan, unless otherwise provided in an award agreement, upon the occurrence of a change in control, all equity awards then held by the participant will become fully exercisable immediately if, and all stock awards and cash incentive awards will become fully earned and vested immediately if, (i) the 2019 Plan is not an obligation of the successor entity following a change in control or (ii) the 2019 Plan is an obligation of the successor entity following a change in control and the participant incurs a termination of service without cause or for good reason following the change in control. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, if the vesting of an award is conditioned upon the achievement of performance measures, then such vesting will generally be subject to the following: if, at the time of the change in control, the performance measures are less than attained (pro rata based upon the time of the period through the change in control), the award will become vested and exercisable on a fractional basis with the numerator being equal to the percentage of attainment and the denominator being ; and if, at the time of the change in control, the performance measures are at least attained (pro rata based upon the time of the period through the change in control), the award will become fully earned and vested immediately upon the change in control. Awards of restricted stock under the 2019 Plan generally entitle holders to voting and dividend rights upon grant and are subject to forfeiture until certain restrictions have lapsed including employment for a specific period. Awards of restricted stock units under the 2019 Plan are also subject to forfeiture until certain restrictions have lapsed including employment for a specific period, but do not entitle holders to voting rights until the restricted period ends and shares are transferred in connection with the units. There were and restricted stock units issued under the 2019 Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively. Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period of the restricted stock units based on the market value of the award on the issue date. Total compensation cost that has been recorded for the 2019 Plan was million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. A summary of changes in the Company s unvested restricted awards for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, is as follows: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at September 30 Total unrecognized compensation cost of restricted awards was million as of September 30, 2024, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

 28 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 Net income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share: Weighted-average common shares outstanding Dilutive effect of unvested restricted awards 1 Diluted average common shares outstanding Net Income Diluted earnings per share 1 Includes the common stock equivalents for restricted share rights that are dilutive. percent (8 and a total risk-based capital ratio at or above percent (12 ). At September 30, 2024, the Bank exceeded those thresholds. At September 30, 2024, the Bank s Tier 1 capital leverage ratio was , an increase of basis points from December 31, 2023, and is above the objective. The Bank s total capital ratio was , an increase of basis points from December 31, 2023, and also above the objective of . Bank holding companies are generally required to maintain minimum levels of capital in accordance with capital guidelines implemented by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The general bank and holding company capital adequacy guidelines are shown in the accompanying table, as are the capital ratios of the Company and the Bank, as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. The Basel III Rules are applicable to all banking organizations that are subject to minimum capital requirements, including federal and state banks and savings and loan associations, as well as to bank and savings and loan holding companies, other than small bank holding companies, which are generally holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 3.0 billion. A detailed discussion of the Basel III Rules is included in Part I, Item 1 of the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, under the heading Supervision and Regulation. At September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company, on a consolidated basis, exceeded the minimum thresholds to be considered well capitalized under current regulatory defined capital ratios. 

 29 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 N/A N/A Old Second Bank Total capital to risk weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A Old Second Bank Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A Old Second Bank Tier 1 capital to average assets Consolidated N/A N/A Old Second Bank December 31, 2023 Common equity tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A Old Second Bank Total capital to risk weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A Old Second Bank Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A Old Second Bank Tier 1 capital to average assets Consolidated N/A N/A Old Second Bank 1 Amounts are shown inclusive of a capital conservation buffer of 2.50 . 2 The prompt corrective action provisions are only applicable at the Bank level. The Bank exceeded the general minimum regulatory requirements to be considered well capitalized. As part of its response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, in the first quarter of 2020, U.S. federal regulatory authorities issued an interim final rule that provided banking organizations that adopted the Current Expected Credit Losses CECL methodology during the 2020 calendar year with the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital relative to regulatory capital determined under the prior incurred loss methodology, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of the capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay (i.e., a five-year transition in total). In connection with our adoption of CECL on January 1, 2020, we elected to utilize the five-year CECL transition. As of September 30, 2024, the above capital measures of the Company include , which is the modified CECL transition adjustment. 

 30 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 , subject to the capital requirements described above. As of September 30, 2024, the Bank had capacity to pay dividends of million to the Company without prior regulatory approval. Pursuant to the Basel III rules, the Bank must keep a capital conservation buffer of above the regulatory minimum capital requirements, which must consist entirely of Common Equity Tier 1 capital in order to avoid additional limitations on capital distributions and certain other payments. transfers between levels during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, however the Company reclassified one states and political subdivisions security to an asset-backed security in all periods presented. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, million of asset-backed securities and million of collateralized mortgage obligations were transferred to Level 2 from Level 3. The majority of securities available-for-sale are valued by external pricing services or dealer market participants and are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Both market and income valuation approaches are utilized. Quarterly, the Company evaluates the methodologies used by the external pricing services or dealer market participants to develop the fair values to determine whether the results of the valuations are representative of an exit price in the Company s principal markets and an appropriate representation of fair value. The Company uses the following methods and significant assumptions to estimate fair value: Government-sponsored agency debt securities are primarily priced using available market information through processes such as benchmark spreads, market valuations of like securities, like securities groupings and matrix pricing. Other government-sponsored agency securities, mortgage-backed securities MBS and some of the actively traded real estate mortgage investment conduits and collateralized mortgage obligations are priced using available market information including benchmark yields, prepayment speeds, spreads, volatility of similar securities and trade date. State and political subdivisions are largely grouped by characteristics (e.g., geographical data and source of revenue in trade dissemination systems). Because some securities are not traded daily and due to other grouping limitations, active market quotes are often obtained using benchmarking for like securities. Auction rate securities are priced using market spreads, cash flows, prepayment speeds, and loss analytics. Therefore, the valuations of auction rate asset-backed securities are considered Level 2 valuations. Asset-backed collateralized loan obligations were priced using data from a pricing matrix supported by our bond accounting service provider and are therefore considered Level 2 valuations. Annually every security holding is priced by a pricing service independent of the regular and recurring pricing services used. The independent service provides a measurement to indicate if the price assigned by the regular service is within or outside of a reasonable range. Management reviews this report and applies judgment in adjusting calculations at year end related to securities pricing. 

 31 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 - - U.S. government agencies - - U.S. government agencies mortgage-backed - - States and political subdivisions - Collateralized mortgage obligations - - Asset-backed securities - Collateralized loan obligations - - Loans held-for-sale - - Mortgage servicing rights - - Interest rate derivatives 1 - - Mortgage banking derivatives - - Total Liabilities: Interest rate swap agreements, including risk participation agreements - - Total - - 1 Interest rate derivatives includes interest rate swaps, a rate cap and risk participation agreements. 

 32 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 - - U.S. government agencies - - U.S. government agencies mortgage-backed - - States and political subdivisions - Collateralized mortgage obligations - - Asset-backed securities - Collateralized loan obligations - - Loans held-for-sale - - Mortgage servicing rights - - Interest rate derivatives 1 - - Total Liabilities: Interest rate swap agreements, including risk participation agreements - - Mortgage banking derivatives - - Total - - 1 Interest rate derivatives includes interest rate swaps, a rate cap and risk participation agreements. Transfers out of Level 3 - - - Total gains or losses Included in earnings - ) ) Included in other comprehensive income ) - Purchases, issuances, sales, and settlements Purchases - - Issuances - - Settlements ) ) ) Ending balance September 30, 2024 

 33 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 Transfers into Level 3 - - - - Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) - - Total gains or losses Included in earnings ) - ) Included in other comprehensive income ) ) - Purchases, issuances, sales, and settlements Purchases - - - Issuances - - - Settlements ) - ) ) Ending balance September 30, 2023 - Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Liquidity Premium Asset-backed securities Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Mortgage servicing rights Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Prepayment Speed The following table and commentary present quantitative and qualitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements as December 31, 2023: 

Weighted Measured at fair value Significant Unobservable Average on a recurring basis: Fair Value Valuation Methodology Inputs Range of Input of Inputs States and political subdivisions Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Liquidity Premium Asset-backed securities Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Mortgage servicing rights Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Prepayment Speed 

 34 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 Other real estate owned, net 2 - - Total - - 1 Represents carrying value and related write-downs of loans for which adjustments are substantially based on the appraised value of collateral for collateral-dependent loans, which had a carrying amount of million and a valuation allowance of million resulting in a decrease of specific allocations within the allowance for credit losses on loans of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 2 OREO is measured at fair value, less costs to sell, and had a net carrying amount of million at September 30, 2024, which is made up of the outstanding balance of million, net of a valuation allowance of . 

December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Individually evaluated loans 1 - - Other real estate owned, net 2 - - Total - - 1 Represents carrying value and related write-downs of loans for which adjustments are substantially based on the appraised value of collateral for collateral-dependent loans, which had a carrying amount of million and a valuation allowance of million resulting in a decrease of specific allocations within the allowance for credit losses on loans of million for the year December 31, 2023. 2 OREO is measured at fair value, less costs to sell, and had a net carrying amount of million at December 31, 2023, which is made up of the outstanding balance of million, net of a valuation allowance of . The Company has estimated the fair values of these assets based primarily on Level 3 inputs. OREO and individually evaluated loans are generally valued using the fair value of collateral provided by third party appraisals. These valuations include assumptions related to cash flow projections, discount rates, and recent comparable sales. The numerical ranges of unobservable inputs for these valuation assumptions are not meaningful. 

 35 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 - - Interest earning deposits with financial institutions - - Securities available-for-sale FHLBC and FRBC stock - - Loans held-for-sale - - Net loans - - Mortgage servicing rights - - Interest rate swap and rate cap agreements - - Interest rate lock commitments and forward contracts - - Interest receivable on securities and loans - - Financial liabilities: Noninterest bearing deposits - - Interest bearing deposits - - Securities sold under repurchase agreements - - Other short-term borrowings - - Junior subordinated debentures - - Subordinated debentures - - Interest rate swap and rate cap agreements - - Interest payable on deposits and borrowings - - 

 36 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 - - Interest earning deposits with financial institutions - - Securities available-for-sale FHLBC and FRBC stock - - Loans held-for-sale - - Net loans - - Mortgage servicing rights - - Interest rate swap and rate cap agreements - - Interest receivable on securities and loans - - Financial liabilities: Noninterest bearing deposits - - Interest bearing deposits - - Securities sold under repurchase agreements - - Other short-term borrowings - - Junior subordinated debentures - - Subordinated debentures - - Interest rate swap and rate cap agreements - - Interest rate lock commitments and forward contracts - - Interest payable on deposits and borrowings - - 

 37 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, were designated as cash flow hedges of certain variable rate commercial and commercial real estate loan pools. Each of these hedges were executed to pay variable and receive fixed rate cash flows. Each of these hedges was determined to be effective during all periods presented and the Company expects the hedges to remain effective during the remaining terms of the swaps. An interest rate swap with a notional amount of million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, is designated as a cash flow hedge of junior subordinated debentures and was executed to pay fixed and receive variable rate cash flows. The hedge was determined to be effective during all periods presented and the Company expects the hedge to remain effective during the remaining terms of the swap. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that an additional million will be reclassified as an increase to interest income and an additional will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense. Non-designated Hedges Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service the Company provides to certain customers. The Company executes interest rate swaps and rate cap agreements with commercial banking customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. The notional amounts of interest rate swaps with its loan customers as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023 were million and million, respectively. The notional amounts of interest rate cap agreements with its loan customers were million as of September 30, 2024, and there were interest rate cap agreements held at December 31, 2023. Those interest rate swaps and rate cap agreements are simultaneously hedged by offsetting derivatives that the Company executes with a third party, such that the Company minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate derivatives associated with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the customer derivatives and the offsetting derivatives are recognized directly in earnings. At September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million of cash collateral pledged with correspondent financial institutions, respectively. The Company held million and million of cash pledged from correspondent financial institution to support the interest rate swap activity during the periods presented, respectively. investment securities were required to be pledged to any correspondent financial institution during 2024 through September 30, 2024, or during 2023. The Company offsets derivative assets and liabilities that are subject to a master netting arrangement. The Company also grants mortgage loan interest rate lock commitments to borrowers, subject to normal loan underwriting standards. The interest rate risk associated with these loan interest rate lock commitments is managed with contracts for future deliveries of loans as well as selling forward mortgage-backed securities contracts. Loan interest rate lock commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The notional amount of these commitments at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Commitments to originate residential mortgage loans held-for-sale and forward commitments to sell residential mortgage loans or forward MBS contracts are considered derivative instruments and changes in the fair value are recorded to mortgage banking revenue. Fair values are estimated based on observable changes in mortgage interest rates including mortgage-backed securities prices from the date of the commitment. 

 38 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 Other Assets Other Liabilities Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest rate swaps with commercial loan customers and rate cap Other Assets Other Liabilities Interest rate lock commitments and forward contracts Other Assets Other Liabilities - Other contracts Other Assets Other Liabilities Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments December 31, 2023 No. of Trans. Notional Amount Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Derivatives designated as hedging instruments Interest rate swap agreements Other Assets Other Liabilities Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest rate swaps with commercial loan customers Other Assets Other Liabilities Interest rate lock commitments and forward contracts Other Assets ) Other Liabilities - Other contracts Other Assets Other Liabilities - Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Disclosure of the Effect of Fair Value and Cash Flow Hedge Accounting The fair value and cash flow hedge accounting related to derivatives covered under ASC Subtopic 815-20 impacted Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI and the Income Statement. The gain recognized in AOCI on derivatives totaled as of September 30, 2024, and the loss recognized in AOCI totaled million as of September 30, 2023. The amount of the loss reclassified from AOCI to net interest income on the income statement was million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Credit-risk-related Contingent Features For derivative transactions involving counterparties who are lending customers of the Company, the derivative credit exposure is managed through the normal credit review and monitoring process, which may include collateralization, financial covenants and/or financial guarantees of affiliated parties. Agreements with such customers require that losses associated with derivative transactions receive payment priority from any funds recovered should a customer default and ultimate disposition of collateral or guarantees occur. Credit exposure to broker/dealer counterparties is managed through agreements with each derivative counterparty that require collateralization of fair value gains owed by such counterparties. Some small degree of credit exposure exists due to timing differences between when a gain may occur and the subsequent point in time that collateral is delivered to secure that gain. This is monitored by the Company and procedures are in place to minimize this exposure. Such agreements also require the Company to collateralize counterparties in circumstances wherein the fair value of the derivatives result in loss to the Company. 

 39 

Table of Contents Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data, unaudited) 
 Performance standby Non-borrower: Performance standby - - Total letters of credit Unused loan commitments: As of September 30, 2024, the Company evaluated current market conditions, including any impacts related to market interest rate changes and unused line of credit utilization trends during the third quarter of 2024, and based on that analysis under the CECL methodology, the Company determined credit losses related to unfunded commitments totaled million. The resultant increase in the ACL for unfunded commitments of for the third quarter of 2024, compared to the second quarter of 2024, is primarily driven by adjustments to historical benchmark assumptions, such as the funding rates and the period used to forecast those rates within the ACL calculation. The Company will continue to assess the credit risk at least quarterly, and adjust the allowance for unfunded commitments, which is carried within other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as needed, with the appropriate offsetting entry to the provision for credit losses on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s Overview The following discussion provides additional information regarding our operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and our financial condition at September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements as well as the financial and statistical data appearing elsewhere in this report and our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, are not necessarily indicative of future results. Dollar amounts presented in the following tables are in thousands, except per share data, and September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounts are unaudited. In this report, unless the context suggests otherwise, references to the Company, we, us, and our mean the combined business of Old Second Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiary bank, Old Second National Bank (the Bank ). We have made, and will continue to make, various forward-looking statements with respect to financial and business matters. Comments regarding our business that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements that involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements. For additional information regarding our cautionary disclosures, see the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements on page 3 of this report. Business Overview The Company is a bank holding company headquartered in Aurora, Illinois. Through our wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Old Second National Bank, a national banking organization also headquartered in Aurora, Illinois, we offer a wide range of financial services through our 48 banking centers located in Cook, DeKalb, DuPage, Kane, Kendall, LaSalle and Will counties in Illinois. These banking centers offer access to a full range of traditional retail and commercial banking services including treasury management operations as well as fiduciary and wealth management services. We focus our business on establishing and maintaining relationships with our clients while maintaining a commitment to provide for the financial services needs of the communities in which we operate. We emphasize relationships with individual customers as well as small to medium-sized businesses throughout our market area. We also have extensive wealth management services, which includes a registered investment advisory platform in addition to trust administration and trust services related to personal and corporate trusts and employee benefit plan administration services. On August 27, 2024, we announced that Old Second National Bank and First Merchants Bank FRME ), headquartered in Muncie, Indiana, had entered into a Purchase and Assumption Agreement where the Bank will purchase five Illinois branches of First Merchants, located in the southeast Chicago metropolitan statistical area. This purchase will result in the Bank assuming approximately 304.0 million in deposits and purchasing approximately 12.0 million in branch-related loans, with fixed assets and cash also acquired. The acquisition of the five branches is anticipated to close late in the fourth quarter of 2024. Our results of operations depend generally on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is affected by regulatory, economic and competitive factors that influence interest rates, loan demand and deposit flows. In addition, we are subject to interest rate risk to the degree that our interest-earning assets mature or reprice at different times, or at different speeds, than our interest-bearing liabilities. Our results of operations are also affected by noninterest income, such as service charges, wealth management fees, loan fees, gains from the sale of newly originated loans, gains or losses on investments and certain other noninterest related items. Our principal operating expenses, aside from interest expense, consist of compensation and employee benefits, occupancy costs, professional fees, data processing expenses and provision for credit losses. We are significantly impacted by prevailing economic conditions, including federal monetary and fiscal policies, and federal regulations of financial institutions. Deposit balances are influenced by numerous factors such as competing investments, the level of income and the personal rate of savings within our market areas. Factors influencing lending activities include the demand for housing and the interest rate pricing competition from other lending institutions. As of September 30, 2024, all of our capital ratios were in excess of all regulatory requirements. While we believe that we have sufficient capital to withstand an extended economic recession, our reported and regulatory capital ratios could be adversely impacted by credit losses. 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 Financial Overview Net income for the third quarter of 2024 was 23.0 million, or 0.50 per diluted share, compared to 24.3 million, or 0.54 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2023. The reduction in net income was primarily due to a decrease in net interest and dividend income of 2.5 million year over year driven by a 4.3 million increase to interest expense as a result of higher interest rates offered on deposits, partially offset by increased interest and dividend income of 1.8 million and lower short-term borrowing expense. Also contributing to the decrease in net income compared to the prior year like quarter was an increase in noninterest expenses of 1.9 million, partially offset by a decrease in provision for credit losses of 1.0 million, an increase in noninterest income of 704,000, and a decrease in provision for income taxes of 1.2 million. Adjusted net income, a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes certain nonrecurring items, as applicable, was 23.3 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 21.0 million for the second quarter of 2024, and 24.8 million for the third quarter of 2023. Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 66.2 million, or 1.45 per diluted share, compared to 73.5 million, or 1.62 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Adjusted net income was 65.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 73.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. See the discussion entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 43, as well as the table below, which provides a reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure to the most comparable GAAP equivalents. 

Quarters Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income Income before income taxes (GAAP) 29,851 29,190 32,484 87,584 99,470 Pre-tax income adjustments: Death benefit related to BOLI (12) (893) - (905) - Merger related costs, net of gains on branch sales 471 - - 471 (277) Liquidation and deconversion costs on Visa credit card portfolio - - 629 - 629 Adjusted net income before taxes 30,310 28,297 33,113 87,150 99,822 Taxes on adjusted net income 7,009 7,299 8,307 21,539 26,051 Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 23,301 20,998 24,806 65,611 73,771 Basic earnings per share (GAAP) 0.52 0.48 0.55 1.48 1.65 Diluted earnings per share (GAAP) 0.50 0.48 0.54 1.45 1.62 Adjusted basic earnings per share (non-GAAP) 0.52 0.46 0.55 1.46 1.65 Adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-GAAP) 0.51 0.46 0.55 1.44 1.63 The following provides an overview of some of the factors impacting our financial performance for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to the like period ended September 30, 2023: Net interest and dividend income was 60.6 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 63.0 million for the third quarter of 2023. The reduction in net interest and dividend income in the third quarter of 2024 was primarily due to higher deposit costs, partially offset by higher loan yields. We recorded a net provision for credit losses of 2.0 million in the third quarter of 2024, driven by the downgrade of two credits resulting in a higher specific allocation, as well as a slight upward adjustment to unemployment assumptions within the macro-economic forecast. These negative trends were offset, however, by upgrades and payoffs on credits that carried higher loss rates during the third quarter of 2024, resulting in net recoveries of 155,000. Further, we recorded a 2,000 provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments based on an adjustment of historical benchmark assumptions, such as funding rates and the period used to forecast those rates, within the ACL calculation. We recorded a net provision for credit losses of 3.0 million in the third quarter of 2023. Noninterest income was 10.6 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 9.9 million for the third quarter of 2023. Contributing to the higher noninterest income was a 312,000 increase in wealth management income, a 571,000 increase in other income, and 1,000 of security losses in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 924,000 in securities losses in the third quarter of 2023. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 1.2 million in mortgage banking revenue driven by mark to market losses on mortgage servicing rights. 

 42 

Table of Contents 
 Noninterest expense was 39.3 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 37.4 million for the third quarter of 2023, an increase of 1.9 million, or 5.0 . Contributing to the increase in noninterest expense in the third quarter of 2024 was higher salaries and employee benefits as well as increases in occupancy, furniture and equipment, computer and data processing, and advertising expense. Partially offsetting the increase in noninterest expense was a reduction in other expenses for the year over year quarters. We had a provision for income tax expense of 6.9 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to a provision for income tax expense of 8.1 million for the third quarter of 2023. The effective tax rate for these two periods was 23.1 and 25.1 , respectively. The reduction in the effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2024 reflects the new state of Illinois ruling regarding tax rate apportionment factors related to income generated from securities or loans originated in other states. As of September 30, 2024, we experienced a decrease of 51.9 million in total loans compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, and a decrease of 38.5 million in total loans compared to September 30, 2023. The fourth quarter is historically a slower period for loan originations; however, we believe we are positioned for loan growth in 2025, though likely at a slower pace than in recent years, as we continue to serve our customers needs in a competitive economic environment. We continue to seek to provide value to our customers and the communities in which we operate, by executing on growth opportunities in our local markets and developing new banking relationships, while seeking to ensure the safety and soundness of our Bank, our customers, and our employees. Nonaccrual loans decreased 15.4 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, and decreased 9.9 million compared to September 30, 2023. The reduction in nonaccrual loans in the third quarter of 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, was primarily due to 9.3 million of net charge-offs year to date, primarily due to two charge-offs totaling 5.1 million for a large healthcare loan and two charge-offs totaling 4.1 million for two CRE-investor loans, as well as 17.8 million of paid off loans, and four loans totaling 4.7 million that were transferred to OREO. The decrease in nonaccrual loans year over year is due to various large charge-offs, larger transfers to OREO, and an increase in paid off loans over the last twelve months, primarily related to the CRE-Investor portfolio, the majority of which are office and healthcare loans. Nonperforming loans as a percent of total loans was 1.3 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 1.7 as of December 31, 2023, and 1.6 as of September 30, 2023. Classified assets decreased to 121.0 million as of September 30, 2024, which is 16.9 million, or 12.2 , less than December 31, 2023, and 32.6 million, or 21.2 , less than September 30, 2023. Critical Accounting Estimates Our consolidated financial statements are prepared based on the application of accounting policies in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and follow general practices within the banking industry. These policies require the reliance on estimates and assumptions, which may prove inaccurate or are subject to variations. These estimates, assumptions, and judgments are based on information available as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. Future changes in information may affect these estimates, assumptions, and judgments, which, in turn, may affect amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. Changes in underlying factors, assumptions, or estimates could have a material impact on our future financial condition and results of operations. Of the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we have identified certain items as critical accounting policies based on the associated estimates, assumptions, judgments and complexity. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies or the estimates made pursuant to those policies during the most recent quarter from those disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report in Form 10-K. Non-GAAP Financial Measures This report contains references to financial measures that are not defined in GAAP. Such non-GAAP financial measures include the presentation of net interest income and net interest margin on a tax equivalent TE basis, adjusted net income, adjusted basic and diluted earnings per share, our adjusted efficiency ratio, and our tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio. Management believes that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures (a) provides important supplemental information that contributes to a proper understanding of our operating performance, (b) enables a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business, and (c) allows investors to evaluate our performance in a manner similar to management, the financial services industry, bank stock analysts, and bank regulators. Management uses non-GAAP measures as follows: in the preparation of our operating budgets, monthly financial performance reporting, and in our presentation of our performance to investors. However, we acknowledge that these non-GAAP financial measures have a number of limitations. Limitations associated with non-GAAP financial measures include the risk that persons might disagree as to the appropriateness of items comprising these measures and that different companies might calculate these measures differently. These measures should not be considered an alternative to our GAAP results. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is presented below or alongside the first instance where each non-GAAP financial measure is used. 

 43 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations Overview Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Our income before taxes was 29.9 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 32.5 million in the third quarter of 2023. This decrease in pretax income was primarily due to a 2.5 million decrease in net interest and dividend income and a 1.9 million increase in noninterest expenses. Income before taxes was positively impacted by a 1.0 million decrease in provision for credit losses, and a 704,000 increase in noninterest income, primarily due to a minimal loss on the call of a security in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 924,000 of security losses, net, in the third quarter of 2023, as well as a 571,000 increase in other income. The noninterest expense increase of 1.9 million is primarily due to a 1.6 million increase in salary and employee benefits expense, a 370,000 increase in occupancy, furniture and equipment, a 453,000 increase in computer and data processing expenses primarily due to First Merchants acquisition related costs, a 206,000 increase in advertising expense, and a 269,000 increase in OREO related expenses. Our net income was 23.0 million, or 0.50 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2024, compared to net income of 24.3 million, or 0.54 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2023. The Bank remains well positioned to navigate uncertain macroeconomics; we have mitigated interest rate risk, controlled expenses in an inflationary environment, and actively managed daily liquidity. Furthermore, we continue to possess strong liquidity metrics and a short duration securities portfolio for short term funding needs. Net interest and dividend income was 60.6 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 63.0 million in the third quarter of 2023. The 2.5 million decrease was driven by an increase in deposit interest expense in the third quarter of 2024, compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to exception pricing on deposit accounts and product migration into term deposits. Partially offsetting the decrease in net interest and dividend income during the third quarter of 2024, compared to the like quarter a year ago, was higher loan interest income due to the effect of higher market interest rates on our portfolio coupled with lower short-term borrowing expense on lower average FHLB advances. Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Our income before taxes was 87.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 99.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease in pretax income was primarily due to a 10.6 million decrease in net interest and dividend income, a 749,000 increase in provision for credit losses, and a 7.3 million increase in noninterest expenses. These changes were partially offset by a 6.8 million increase in noninterest income, primarily due to no net security gains or losses in the first nine months of 2024, compared to 4.1 million of security losses, net, recorded in the first nine months of 2023, a 1.3 million increase in the cash surrender value of BOLI, and a 905,000 death benefit realized on BOLI. Our net income was 66.2 million, or 1.45 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net income of 73.5 million, or 1.62 per diluted share, for the same period of 2023. Net interest and dividend income was 180.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 190.7 million for the same period of 2023. The 10.6 million decrease was primarily driven by an increase in interest expense in the first nine months of 2024, compared to the first nine months of 2023, due to a rise in deposit interest rates stemming from exception pricing on deposit accounts. Also contributing to the decrease in net interest and dividend income was a 4.0 million decrease in securities related income due to the year over year decrease in the securities portfolio. Higher interest expenses were partially offset by the effect of higher market interest rates on our loan portfolio, which contributed to the 7.9 million increase in loan related income year over year. Also mitigating the decrease in net interest and dividend income year over year was a reduction in overall borrowing expense derived from our redemption of senior notes and subordinated debt in 2023 and the decrease in average short-term borrowing. Net Interest Income Net interest income, which is our primary source of earnings, is the difference between interest income earned on interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, accretion income on purchased loans, dividend income earned on certain equity investments, and interest incurred on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Net interest income depends upon the relative mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the ratio of interest-earning assets to total assets and of interest-bearing liabilities to total funding sources, and movements in market interest rates. Our net interest income can be significantly influenced by a variety of factors, including overall loan demand, economic conditions, credit risk, the amount of nonearning assets including nonperforming loans and OREO, the amounts of and rates at which assets and liabilities reprice, variances in prepayment of loans and securities, early withdrawal of deposits, exercise of call options on borrowings or securities, a general rise or decline in interest rates, changes in the slope of the yield-curve, and balance sheet growth or contraction. 

 44 

Table of Contents 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 The increased yield of 16 basis points on interest earning assets compared to the linked period was driven by repricing within the loan and taxable securities portfolios. Changes in the market interest rate environment impact earning assets at varying intervals depending on the repricing timeline of loans, as well as the securities maturity, paydown and purchase activities. The year over year increase of 34 basis points on interest earning assets was primarily driven by overall increases to benchmark interest rates over the past twelve months, primarily impacting variable rate loans and securities. Average balances of securities available for sale decreased 121.3 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the prior year like quarter, while the tax equivalent yield on the securities available for sale portfolio increased 38 basis points year over year due to variable security rate resets. Although average balances of loans and loans held-for-sale decreased 44.1 million, the tax equivalent yield on the loan portfolio increased 28 basis points in the year over year like quarters. Average balances of interest-bearing deposit accounts have declined since the second quarter of 2024, from 2.81 billion to 2.79 billion. The decline was driven by NOW and savings accounts while average balances on time deposits increased due to CD rate specials. We have continued to control the cost of funds over the periods reflected by slowing the pace of change; however, the rate of overall interest-bearing deposits increased to 148 basis points for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, from 133 basis points for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, and from 65 basis points for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. A 17 basis point increase in the cost of money market funds for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior linked quarter, and a 90 basis point increase compared to the prior year like quarter were both due to select deposit account exception pricing, and drove a significant portion of the overall increase. Although there was a decrease in transactional account average balances from the prior year like quarter for NOW and savings accounts, average rates paid on these balances increased. Average rates paid on time deposits for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 increased by 11 basis points and 169 basis points in the quarter over linked quarter and year over year quarters, respectively, primarily due to CD rate specials we offered. Average balances on time deposits increased 185.4 million in the year over year quarters, and the growth in rates and average balances resulted in an increase to interest expense on time deposits of 3.6 million. Borrowing costs increased in the third quarter of 2024, compared to the second quarter of 2024, primarily due to the 62.6 million increase in average other short-term borrowings stemming from an increase in average daily FHLB advances over the prior quarter. The decrease of 121.7 million year over year of average FHLB advances was based on daily liquidity needs, and was the primary driver of the 1.7 million decrease to interest expense on other short-term borrowings. Subordinated and junior subordinated debt interest expense were essentially flat over each of the periods presented. Our net interest margin, for both GAAP and TE presentations, was relatively static over the periods presented above. The impact of the Federal Reserve Bank (Federal Open Market Committee, or FOMC fed funds rate reduction made in mid-September 2024 will not have a material impact on our financials until 30-, 60-, and 90-day rate resets are reached on our securities and loans, and deposit exception pricing is lowered. Our net interest margin (GAAP) increased two basis points to 4.62 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 4.60 for the second quarter of 2024, and decreased two basis points compared to 4.64 for the third quarter of 2023. Our net interest margin (TE) increased one basis point to 4.64 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 4.63 for the second quarter of 2024, and decreased two basis points compared to 4.66 for the third quarter of 2023. The increase in the third quarter of 2024, compared to the prior quarter, was driven by market interest rates as well as the composition of assets and liabilities as interest income and expense both increased compared to the prior quarter while there was only a 2.9 million increase in interest earning assets. The net interest margin decrease in the third quarter of 2024, compared to the prior year like quarter, is primarily due to an increase in market interest rates, and the related increase in costs of interest-bearing deposits. See the discussion entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures and the table on page 49 that provides a reconciliation of each non-GAAP measure to the most comparable GAAP equivalent. 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 The year over year increase of 34 basis points on interest earning assets was driven by increases to benchmark interest rates over the past twelve months. The securities portfolio was primarily impacted by maturities and paydowns of lower yielding assets and timely purchase of higher yielding securities as we work to increase the weighted average yield in the portfolio. Average securities available-for-sale decreased 221.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to maturities, paydowns, and strategic sales. Due to market interest rate increases year over year, securities available-for-sale interest income yields were slightly higher in the nine months ended September 30, 2024; however, the decrease in balances resulted in a reduction of tax equivalent securities income to 30.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 34.7 million for the like 2023 period. Average loans, including loans held for sale, decreased 13.3 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The rising interest rate environment resulted in 189.4 million of loan and dividend interest income in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 181.5 million in the like 2023 period. Average balances of interest bearing deposit accounts have decreased steadily since September 30, 2023, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 2.89 billion to 2.79 billion, with these decreases reflected in all categories other than time deposits. We have continued to control the cost of funds over the periods reflected, with the rate of overall interest bearing deposits increasing by 90 basis points to 133 basis points from 43 basis points as of September 30, 2023. A 102 basis point increase in the cost of money market funds as of September 30, 2024, compared to September 30, 2023, was due to select deposit account exception pricing and drove a significant portion of the overall increase. Interest expense paid on time deposits also contributed to the increase in cost of deposits year over year, as the cost of average time deposits increased 206 basis points to 320 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 114 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to CD rate specials we offered. Market rates associated with borrowings increased in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the like prior year period. Our borrowing interest expense was controlled over the past twelve months due to lower FHLB advance volumes and the redemption of senior notes and notes payable in 2023. Subordinated and junior subordinated debt interest expense remained flat over the periods presented. Senior notes had the most significant interest expense decrease year over year, as we redeemed all of the 45.0 million senior notes, net of deferred issuance costs, in June 2023, resulting in senior notes having no balance after that time. In February 2023, we paid off the remaining balance of 9.0 million on the original 20.0 million term note issued in 2020, resulting in notes payable and other borrowings having no balance after that time. Our net interest margin (GAAP) decreased seven basis points to 4.59 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.66 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our net interest margin (TE) decreased six basis points to 4.62 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.68 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in the current period, compared to the prior year like period, is primarily due to higher interest expense related to the current interest rate environment and its effect on interest bearing deposits. We continue to observe competitive pressure to maintain reduced interest rates on loans retained at renewal. While our loan prices are targeted to achieve certain returns on equity, significant competition for commercial and industrial loans as well as commercial real estate loans has put pressure on loan yields, and our stringent underwriting standards limit our ability to make higher-yielding loans. The following tables set forth certain information relating to our average consolidated balance sheets and reflect the yield on average earning assets and cost of average interest bearing liabilities for the periods indicated. These yields reflect the related interest, on an annualized basis, divided by the average balance of assets or liabilities over the applicable period. Average balances are derived from daily balances. For purposes of discussion, net interest income and net interest income to total earning assets in the following tables have been adjusted to a non-GAAP TE basis using a marginal rate of 21 in 2024 and 2023 to compare returns more appropriately on tax-exempt loans and securities to other earning assets. 

 46 

Table of Contents 

Analysis of Average Balances, Tax Equivalent Income / Expense and Rates (Dollars in thousands - unaudited) Quarters Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average Income / Rate Average Income / Rate Average Income / Rate Balance Expense Balance Expense Balance Expense Assets Interest earning deposits with financial institutions 48,227 616 5.08 50,740 625 4.95 49,737 659 5.26 Securities: Taxable 1,010,379 9,113 3.59 1,016,187 8,552 3.38 1,125,688 8,946 3.15 Non-taxable (TE) 1 163,569 1,634 3.97 163,243 1,636 4.03 169,523 1,687 3.95 Total securities (TE) 1 1,173,948 10,747 3.64 1,179,430 10,188 3.47 1,295,211 10,633 3.26 FHLBC and FRBC Stock 30,268 497 6.53 27,574 584 8.52 35,954 597 6.59 Loans and loans held-for-sale 1, 2 3,966,717 64,566 6.48 3,958,504 62,180 6.32 4,010,859 62,705 6.20 Total interest earning assets 5,219,160 76,426 5.83 5,216,248 73,577 5.67 5,391,761 74,594 5.49 Cash and due from banks 54,279 - - 54,286 - - 57,279 - - Allowance for credit losses on loans (42,683) - - (43,468) - - (54,581) - - Other noninterest bearing assets 384,386 - - 388,392 - - 384,059 - - Total assets 5,615,142 5,615,458 5,778,518 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity NOW accounts 553,906 714 0.51 570,523 639 0.45 576,138 440 0.30 Money market accounts 693,315 3,260 1.87 691,214 2,915 1.70 720,488 1,767 0.97 Savings accounts 895,086 886 0.39 934,161 763 0.33 1,027,987 351 0.14 Time deposits 651,663 5,539 3.38 610,705 4,961 3.27 466,250 1,982 1.69 Interest bearing deposits 2,793,970 10,399 1.48 2,806,603 9,278 1.33 2,790,863 4,540 0.65 Securities sold under repurchase agreements 45,420 93 0.81 37,430 83 0.89 24,945 27 0.43 Other short-term borrowings 305,489 4,185 5.45 242,912 3,338 5.53 427,174 5,840 5.42 Junior subordinated debentures 25,773 270 4.17 25,773 288 4.49 25,773 245 3.77 Subordinated debentures 59,436 547 3.66 59,414 546 3.70 59,350 547 3.66 Senior notes - - - - - - - - - Notes payable and other borrowings - - - - - - - - - Total interest bearing liabilities 3,230,088 15,494 1.91 3,172,132 13,533 1.72 3,328,105 11,199 1.34 Noninterest bearing deposits 1,691,450 - - 1,769,543 - - 1,867,201 - - Other liabilities 54,453 - - 68,530 - - 53,164 - - Stockholders' equity 639,151 - - 605,253 - - 530,048 - - Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 5,615,142 5,615,458 5,778,518 Net interest income (GAAP) 60,578 59,690 63,030 Net interest margin (GAAP) 4.62 4.60 4.64 Net interest income (TE) 1 60,932 60,044 63,395 Net interest margin (TE) 1 4.64 4.63 4.66 Interest bearing liabilities to earning assets 61.89 60.81 61.73 1 Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. See the discussion entitled Reconciliation of Tax-Equivalent Non-GAAP Financial Measures below that provides a reconciliation of each non-GAAP measure to the most comparable GAAP equivalent. Tax equivalent basis is calculated using a marginal tax rate of 21 in 2024 and 2023. 2 Interest income from loans is shown on a tax equivalent basis, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, as discussed in the table on page 49, and includes loan fee expense of 155,000 for the third quarter of 2024, 936,000 for the second quarter of 2024, and 780,000 for the third quarter of 2023. Nonaccrual loans are included in the above-stated average balances. 

 47 

Table of Contents 

Analysis of Average Balances, Tax Equivalent Income / Expense and Rates (Dollars in thousands - unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Income / Rate Average Income / Rate Balance Expense Balance Expense Assets Interest earning deposits with financial institutions 49,015 1,851 5.04 49,787 1,887 5.07 Securities: Taxable 1,014,211 25,757 3.39 1,228,576 29,611 3.22 Non-taxable (TE) 1 164,526 4,923 4.00 171,825 5,072 3.95 Total securities (TE) 1 1,178,737 30,680 3.48 1,400,401 34,683 3.31 Dividends from FHLBC and FRBC 29,882 1,716 7.67 31,670 1,273 5.37 Loans and loans held-for-sale 1, 2 3,981,478 189,444 6.36 3,994,804 181,524 6.08 Total interest earning assets 5,239,112 223,691 5.70 5,476,662 219,367 5.36 Cash and due from banks 54,366 - - 56,211 - - Allowance for credit losses on loans (43,479) - - (52,505) - - Other noninterest bearing assets 385,700 - - 382,077 - - Total assets 5,635,699 5,862,445 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity NOW accounts 559,404 2,182 0.52 592,617 995 0.22 Money market accounts 691,515 8,750 1.69 772,011 3,840 0.67 Savings accounts 929,173 2,282 0.33 1,075,374 614 0.08 Time deposits 607,107 14,541 3.20 445,926 3,802 1.14 Interest bearing deposits 2,787,199 27,755 1.33 2,885,928 9,251 0.43 Securities sold under repurchase agreements 37,666 262 0.93 27,178 43 0.21 Other short-term borrowings 293,577 12,080 5.50 344,341 13,345 5.18 Junior subordinated debentures 25,773 838 4.34 25,773 805 4.18 Subordinated debentures 59,414 1,639 3.68 59,329 1,639 3.69 Senior note - - - 29,414 2,408 10.95 Notes payable and other borrowings - - - 1,780 87 6.53 Total interest bearing liabilities 3,203,629 42,574 1.78 3,373,743 27,578 1.09 Noninterest bearing deposits 1,759,905 - - 1,929,653 - - Other liabilities 60,978 - - 50,965 - - Stockholders' equity 611,187 - - 508,084 - - Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 5,635,699 5,862,445 Net interest income (GAAP) 180,051 190,696 Net interest margin (GAAP) 4.59 4.66 Net interest income (TE) 1 181,117 191,789 Net interest margin (TE) 1 4.62 4.68 Interest bearing liabilities to earning assets 61.15 61.60 1 Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. See the discussion entitled Reconciliation of Tax-Equivalent Non-GAAP Financial Measures below that provides a reconciliation of each non-GAAP measure to the most comparable GAAP equivalent. Tax equivalent basis is calculated using a marginal tax rate of 21 in 2024 and 2023. 2 Interest income from loans is shown on a tax equivalent basis, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, as discussed in the table on page 49, and includes fee expense of 2.0 million and 1.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Nonaccrual loans are included in the above-stated average balances. 

 48 

Table of Contents 
 Reconciliation of Tax-Equivalent (TE) Non-GAAP Financial Measures Net interest and dividend income (TE) and net interest income (TE) to average interest earning assets are non-GAAP measures that have been adjusted on a TE basis using a marginal rate of 21 for 2024 and 2023 to compare returns more appropriately on tax-exempt loans and securities to other earning assets. The table below provides a reconciliation of each non-GAAP (TE) measure to the GAAP equivalent for the periods indicated: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, Net Interest Margin 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income (GAAP) 76,072 73,223 74,229 222,625 218,274 Taxable-equivalent adjustment: Loans 11 10 11 32 28 Securities 343 344 354 1,034 1,065 Interest and dividend income (TE) 76,426 73,577 74,594 223,691 219,367 Interest expense (GAAP) 15,494 13,533 11,199 42,574 27,578 Net interest income (TE) 60,932 60,044 63,395 181,117 191,789 Net interest income (GAAP) 60,578 59,690 63,030 180,051 190,696 Average interest earning assets 5,219,160 5,216,248 5,391,761 5,239,112 5,476,662 Net interest margin (TE) 4.64 4.63 4.66 4.62 4.68 Net interest margin (GAAP) 4.62 4.60 4.64 4.59 4.66 Noninterest Income Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 The following table details the major components of noninterest income for the periods presented: 

3rd Quarter 2024 Noninterest Income Three Months Ended Percent Change From (Dollars in thousands) September 30, June 30, September 30, June 30, September 30, 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Wealth management 2,787 2,779 2,475 0.3 12.6 Service charges on deposits 2,646 2,508 2,504 5.5 5.7 Residential mortgage banking revenue Secondary mortgage fees 84 65 66 29.2 27.3 MSRs mark to market (loss) gain (964) (238) 281 (305.0) (443.1) Mortgage servicing income 466 513 519 (9.2) (10.2) Net gain on sales of mortgage loans 507 468 407 8.3 24.6 Total residential mortgage banking revenue 93 808 1,273 (88.5) (92.7) Securities losses, net (1) - (924) N/M (99.9) Change in cash surrender value of BOLI 860 820 919 4.9 (6.4) Death benefit realized on BOLI 12 893 - (98.7) N/M Card related income 2,589 2,577 2,606 0.5 (0.7) Other income 1,595 742 1,024 115.0 55.8 Total noninterest income 10,581 11,127 9,877 (4.9) 7.1 N/M Not meaningful. 

 49 

Table of Contents 
 Noninterest income decreased 546,000, or 4.9 , in the third quarter of 2024, compared to the second quarter of 2024, and increased 704,000, or 7.1 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. The decrease from the second quarter of 2024 was primarily driven by a 715,000 decrease in residential mortgage banking revenue primarily due to a decline of 726,000 in MSRs mark to market valuation. The second quarter of 2024 included a realized BOLI death benefit of 893,000, and in third quarter, we received a 12,000 true-up payment. Partially offsetting the decrease in noninterest income from the prior quarter was an 853,000 increase in other income primarily due to a 245,000 refund received from a vendor with whom we cancelled services, 155,000 from recognition of a refund related to the advance reserves held for our VISA card portfolio which was sold in 2022, and 78,000 related to an incentive bonus from a vendor for certain transactional levels being attained. The increase in noninterest income of 704,000 in the third quarter of 2024, compared to the third quarter of 2023, is primarily due to a 312,000 increase in wealth management income primarily due to growth in advisory fees from new customers and market value increases, a minimal loss on the call of securities in the third quarter of 2024 compared to losses on the sale of securities of 924,000 in the third quarter of 2023, and a 571,000 increase in other income due to a 245,000 refund received from a vendor due to cancellation of services, a refund of 155,000 related to the sold VISA credit card portfolio s advance reserves, and a 78,000 incentive bonus from a vendor based on certain transactional levels which were attained. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in residential mortgage banking revenue mainly due to a reduction of 1.2 million in MSRs mark to market valuation. Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Noninterest Income Nine Months Ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, September 30, Percent 2024 2023 Change Wealth management 8,127 7,203 12.8 Service charges on deposits 7,569 7,290 3.8 Residential mortgage banking revenue Secondary mortgage fees 199 201 (1.0) MSRs mark to market loss (1,108) (148) (648.6) Mortgage servicing income 1,467 1,534 (4.4) Net gain on sales of mortgage loans 1,289 1,111 16.0 Total residential mortgage banking revenue 1,847 2,698 (31.5) Securities gains (losses), net - (4,146) (100.0) Change in cash surrender value of BOLI 2,852 1,579 80.6 Death benefit realized on BOLI 905 - N/M Card related income 7,542 7,540 0.0 Other income 3,367 3,286 2.5 Total noninterest income 32,209 25,450 26.6 N/M Not meaningful. Noninterest income increased 6.8 million, or 26.6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily driven by no security gains or losses, compared to 4.1 million of security losses, net, in the prior year like period, a 1.3 million increase in the cash surrender value of BOLI due to market interest rate changes, a 905,000 death benefit realized on BOLI, a 924,000 increase in wealth management income primarily due to an increase in advisory fees, and a 279,000 increase in service charges on deposits. Partially offsetting these increases was a 851,000 decrease in mortgage banking revenue, primarily due to a 960,000 increase in MSRs mark to market losses. 

 50 

Table of Contents 
 Noninterest Expense Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 The following table details the major components of noninterest expense for the periods presented: 

3rd Quarter 2024 Noninterest Expense Three Months Ended Percent Change From (Dollars in thousands) September 30, June 30, September 30, June 30, September 30, 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Salaries 17,665 17,997 17,279 (1.8) 2.2 Officers' incentive 2,993 1,482 2,773 102.0 7.9 Benefits and other 4,018 3,945 3,063 1.9 31.2 Total salaries and employee benefits 24,676 23,424 23,115 5.3 6.8 Occupancy, furniture and equipment expense 3,876 3,899 3,506 (0.6) 10.6 Computer and data processing 2,375 2,184 1,922 8.7 23.6 FDIC insurance 632 616 744 2.6 (15.1) Net teller bill paying 570 578 534 (1.4) 6.7 General bank insurance 320 312 300 2.6 6.7 Amortization of core deposit intangible asset 570 574 616 (0.7) (7.5) Advertising expense 299 472 93 (36.7) 221.5 Card related expense 1,458 1,323 1,347 10.2 8.2 Legal fees 202 238 97 (15.1) 108.2 Consulting management fees 480 797 549 (39.8) (12.6) Other real estate owned expense, net 242 (87) (27) N/M N/M Other expense 3,608 3,547 4,627 1.7 (22.0) Total noninterest expense 39,308 37,877 37,423 3.8 5.0 Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 1 53.38 53.29 50.08 Adjusted efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 2 52.31 52.68 48.82 1 The efficiency ratio shown in the table above is a GAAP financial measure calculated as noninterest expense, excluding amortization of core deposits and OREO expenses, divided by the sum of net interest income and total noninterest income less net gains or losses on securities, and mark to market gains or losses on MSRs. 2 The adjusted efficiency ratio shown in the table above is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated as noninterest expense, excluding amortization of core deposits, OREO expenses, acquisition expense, net of gains on branch sales, as applicable, divided by the sum of net interest income on a fully tax equivalent basis, total noninterest income less net gains or losses on securities, death benefits realized on BOLI, mark to market gains or losses on MSRs, and includes a tax equivalent adjustment on the change in cash surrender value of BOLI. See the discussion entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures above and the table on page 53 that provides a reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP equivalent. Noninterest expense for the third quarter of 2024 increased 1.4 million, or 3.8 , compared to the second quarter of 2024, and increased 1.9 million, or 5.0 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the second quarter of 2024 was attributable to a 1.3 million increase in salaries and employee benefits, with increases reflected primarily in officers incentives due to a higher projection of year end accruals based on our bank s performance, and deferred executive compensation due to changes in market interest rates. Also contributing to the growth in noninterest expense in the third quarter of 2024 was a 191,000 increase in computer and data processing expenses, primarily due to transaction-related costs incurred related to our pending purchase of five bank branches from FRME, and a 329,000 increase in other real estate owned expense, net, as a gain of 259,000 was recorded on an OREO sale in the second quarter of 2024; no like gain was recorded in the third quarter of 2024. Partially offsetting the increases in noninterest expense in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the second quarter of 2024 was a 173,000 decrease in advertising expense primarily due to an overdraft disclosure mailed to retail deposit customers during the second quarter of 2024, and a 317,000 decrease in consulting management fees as the second quarter of 2024 included costs of a one-time compliance review project. 

 51 

Table of Contents 
 The year over year increase in noninterest expense for the third quarter of 2024 is primarily attributable to a 1.6 million increase in salaries and employee benefits, primarily due to increases in annual base salary rates, restricted stock expense, and deferred employee compensation due to market interest rate changes. Also contributing to the increase was a 370,000 increase in occupancy, furniture and equipment due to facilities improvements year over year, a 453,000 increase in computer and data processing primarily due to transaction-related costs incurred related to our pending branch purchase from FRME, a 206,000 increase in advertising expense, a 105,000 increase in legal fees largely from merger-related costs, and a 269,000 increase in OREO related expenses. Partially offsetting the increases in noninterest expense in the third quarter of 2024, compared to the third quarter of 2023, was a 1.0 million decrease in other expenses primarily due to 629,000 of liquidation costs recorded in the third quarter of 2023 from the September 2023 Visa credit card portfolio servicing deconversion. Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Noninterest Expense Nine Months Ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, September 30, Percent 2024 2023 Change Salaries 53,309 49,676 7.3 Officers' incentive 6,623 6,997 (5.3) Benefits and other 12,480 10,488 19.0 Total salaries and employee benefits 72,412 67,161 7.8 Occupancy, furniture and equipment expense 11,702 10,620 10.2 Computer and data processing 6,814 4,986 36.7 FDIC insurance 1,915 2,122 (9.8) Net teller bill paying 1,669 1,551 7.6 General bank insurance 941 911 3.3 Amortization of core deposit intangible asset 1,724 1,858 (7.2) Advertising expense 963 338 184.9 Card related expense 4,058 3,785 7.2 Legal fees 666 699 (4.7) Consulting management fees 1,613 1,859 (13.2) Other real estate owned expense, net 201 181 11.0 Other expense 10,748 12,104 (11.2) Total noninterest expense 115,426 108,175 6.7 Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 1 53.42 48.15 Adjusted efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 2 52.69 47.66 1 The efficiency ratio shown in the table above is a GAAP financial measure calculated as noninterest expense, excluding amortization of core deposits and OREO expenses, divided by the sum of net interest income and total noninterest income less net gains or losses on securities, and mark to market gains or losses on MSRs. 2 The adjusted efficiency ratio shown in the table above is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated as noninterest expense, excluding amortization of core deposits, OREO expenses, acquisition expense, net of gains on branch sales, as applicable, divided by the sum of net interest income on a fully tax equivalent basis, total noninterest income less net gains or losses on securities, death benefits realized on BOLI, mark to market gains or losses on MSRs, and includes a tax equivalent adjustment on the change in cash surrender value of BOLI. See the discussion entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures above and the table on page 54 that provides a reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP equivalent. Noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 7.3 million, or 6.7 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 5.3 million increase in salaries and employee benefits due to higher annual base salary rates, restricted stock expense, and deferred employee compensation due to market interest rate changes. Computer and data processing increased 1.8 million as credits were received from our core data provider in the prior year period, and the 2024 year to date period includes acquisition-related costs related to the FRME transaction. Occupancy, furniture and equipment increased 1.1 million, or 10.2 , as multiple branch improvements and office updates were completed over the past year. Advertising expenses increased 625,000 primarily due to a new overdraft disclosure mailed to retail deposit customers in 2024. In addition, card related expense increased 273,000 primarily due to additional customer volumes. Partially offsetting these increases was a 1.4 million decrease in other expenses driven by 833,000 liquidation fees incurred on the VISA portfolio sale recorded in 2023, which was not incurred in 2024. 

 52 

Table of Contents 
 Reconciliation of Adjusted Efficiency Ratio Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

GAAP Non-GAAP Three Months Ended Three Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, June 30, September 30, 2024 2024 2023 2024 2024 2023 Efficiency Ratio / Adjusted Efficiency Ratio Noninterest expense 39,308 37,877 37,423 39,308 37,877 37,423 Less amortization of core deposit 570 574 616 570 574 616 Less other real estate expense, net 242 (87) (27) 242 (87) (27) Less merger related costs, net of gains on branch sales N/A N/A N/A 471 - - Less liquidation and deconversion costs on Visa credit card portfolio N/A N/A N/A - - 629 Noninterest expense less adjustments 38,496 37,390 36,834 38,025 37,390 36,205 Net interest income 60,578 59,690 63,030 60,578 59,690 63,030 Taxable-equivalent adjustment: Loans N/A N/A N/A 11 10 11 Securities N/A N/A N/A 343 344 354 Net interest income including adjustments 60,578 59,690 63,030 60,932 60,044 63,395 Noninterest income 10,581 11,127 9,877 10,581 11,127 9,877 Less death benefit related to BOLI 12 893 - 12 893 - Less securities losses (1) - (924) (1) - (924) Less MSRs mark to market (losses) gains (964) (238) 281 (964) (238) 281 Taxable-equivalent adjustment: Change in cash surrender value of BOLI N/A N/A N/A 232 456 245 Noninterest income (excluding) / including adjustments 11,534 10,472 10,520 11,766 10,928 10,765 Net interest income including adjustments plus noninterest income (excluding) / including adjustments 72,112 70,162 73,550 72,698 70,972 74,160 Efficiency ratio / Adjusted efficiency ratio 53.38 53.29 50.08 52.31 52.68 48.82 N/A - not applicable 

GAAP Non-GAAP Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Efficiency Ratio / Adjusted Efficiency Ratio (Dollars in thousands) Noninterest expense 115,426 108,175 115,426 108,175 Less amortization of core deposit intangible 1,724 1,858 1,724 1,858 Less other real estate expense, net 201 181 201 181 Less merger related costs, net of gains on branch sales N/A N/A 471 (277) Less liquidation and deconversion costs on Visa credit card portfolio N/A N/A - 629 Noninterest expense less adjustments 113,501 106,136 113,030 105,784 Net interest income 180,051 190,696 180,051 190,696 Taxable-equivalent adjustment: Loans N/A N/A 32 28 Securities N/A N/A 1,034 1,065 Net interest income including adjustments 180,051 190,696 181,117 191,789 Noninterest income 32,209 25,450 32,209 25,450 Less death benefit related to BOLI 905 - 905 - Less securities gains (losses), net - (4,146) - (4,146) Less MSRs mark to market losses (1,108) (148) (1,108) (148) Taxable-equivalent adjustment: Change in cash surrender value of BOLI N/A N/A 999 420 Noninterest income (excluding) / including adjustments 32,412 29,744 33,411 30,164 Net interest income including adjustments plus noninterest income (excluding) / including adjustments 212,463 220,440 214,528 221,953 Efficiency ratio / Adjusted efficiency ratio 53.42 48.15 52.69 47.66 N/A - not applicable 

 53 

Table of Contents 
 Income Taxes We recorded income tax expense of 6.9 million for the third quarter of 2024 on 29.9 million of pretax income, compared to income tax expense of 7.3 million on 29.2 million of pretax income in the second quarter of 2024, and income tax expense of 8.1 million on 32.5 million of pretax income in the third quarter of 2023. Our effective tax rate was 23.1 in the third quarter of 2024, 25.0 for the second quarter of 2024, and 25.1 for the third quarter of 2023. The reduction in the effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2024 reflects the new state of Illinois ruling regarding tax rate apportionment factors related to income generated from securities or loans originated in other states. Income tax expense reflected all relevant statutory tax rates and GAAP accounting. There were no significant changes in our ability to utilize our deferred tax assets during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. We had no valuation reserve on the deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2024. Financial Condition Total assets decreased 51.0 million to 5.67 billion at September 30, 2024, from 5.72 billion at December 31, 2023, due primarily to the decrease of 51.9 million in total loans and a 9.0 million decrease in deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets decreased 9.0 million driven by changes in other accumulated comprehensive income. The decrease in loans was partially offset by an increase in cash and cash equivalents of 15.6 million, increases in premises and equipment of 3.5 million with the build out of a new corporate facility and branches, and an increase in other real estate owned of 3.1 million due to four additions. We continue to actively assess potential investment opportunities to utilize our excess liquidity. Total deposits were 4.47 billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 105.3 million from December 31, 2023. 

September 30, 2024 Securities As of Percent Change From (Dollars in thousands) September 30, December 31, September 30, December 31, September 30, 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Securities available-for-sale, at fair value U.S. Treasuries 194,188 169,574 216,777 14.5 (10.4) U.S. government agencies 37,976 56,959 55,821 (33.3) (32.0) U.S. government agencies mortgage-backed 96,413 106,370 104,569 (9.4) (7.8) States and political subdivisions 224,795 227,065 218,254 (1.0) 3.0 Corporate bonds - - 4,961 N/M (100.0) Collateralized mortgage obligations 384,271 392,544 386,679 (2.1) (0.6) Asset-backed securities 63,947 68,436 68,762 (6.6) (7.0) Collateralized loan obligations 189,264 171,881 173,795 10.1 8.9 Total securities 1,190,854 1,192,829 1,229,618 (0.2) (3.2) N/M Not meaningful. 

 54 

Table of Contents 
 Securities available-for-sale decreased 2.0 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, and decreased 38.8 million compared to September 30, 2023. The decrease in the portfolio during year to date 2024 was driven by paydowns totaling 106.0 million, securities sales totaling 5.3 million, and maturities totaling 97.0 million, partially offset by 180.6 million in purchases and a 27.9 million reduction in unrealized losses on securities available-for-sale. We continue to position the portfolio in higher credit quality, shorter duration securities with an appropriate mix of fixed- and floating-rate exposures. 

September 30, 2024 Loans As of Percent Change From (Dollars in thousands) September 30, December 31, September 30, December 31, September 30, 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Commercial 814,668 841,697 834,877 (3.2) (2.4) Leases 458,317 398,223 354,827 15.1 29.2 Commercial real estate investor 1,045,060 1,034,424 1,047,122 1.0 (0.2) Commercial real estate owner occupied 718,265 796,538 809,050 (9.8) (11.2) Construction 206,458 165,380 202,546 24.8 1.9 Residential real estate investor 50,332 52,595 53,762 (4.3) (6.4) Residential real estate owner occupied 208,227 226,248 227,446 (8.0) (8.4) Multifamily 375,394 401,696 372,020 (6.5) 0.9 HELOC 102,611 103,237 102,055 (0.6) 0.5 Other 1 11,746 22,915 25,838 (48.7) (54.5) Total loans 3,991,078 4,042,953 4,029,543 (1.3) (1.0) 1 The Other segment includes consumer loans and overdrafts. Total loans were 3.99 billion as of September 30, 2024, a decrease of 51.9 million from December 31, 2023. The decrease in total loans in the first nine months of 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, was due primarily to paydowns, net of originations, within commercial real estate owner occupied of 78.3 million, commercial of 27.0 million, multifamily of 26.3 million, and residential real estate owner occupied of 18.0 million, partially offset by net increases in leases of 60.1 million and construction of 41.1 million. Total loans decreased 38.5 million from September 30, 2023, to September 30, 2024, primarily due to paydowns, net of originations, within commercial real estate owner occupied of 90.8 million, commercial of 20.2 million, and residential real estate owner occupied of 19.2 million, partially offset by net increases in leases of 103.5 million. As required by CECL, the balance (or amortized cost basis) of purchased credit deteriorated loans, or PCD loans (discussed below) is carried on a gross basis, rather than net of the associated credit loss estimate, and the expected credit losses for PCD loans are estimated and separately recognized as part of the allowance for credit losses, or ACL. The quality of our loan portfolio is impacted not only by our credit decisions but also by the economic health of the communities in which we operate. Since we are located in a corridor with significant open space and undeveloped real estate, real estate lending (including commercial real estate, construction, residential, multifamily, and HELOCs) has been and continues to be a sizeable portion of our portfolio. These categories comprised 67.8 of the portfolio as of September 30, 2024, compared to 68.8 of the portfolio as of December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, our outstanding commercial real estate loans and undrawn commercial real estate commitments, excluding owner occupied real estate, were equal to 264.0 of our Tier 1 capital plus allowance for credit losses, a decrease from 286.9 at December 31, 2023. We continue to oversee and seek to manage our loan portfolio in accordance with interagency guidance on risk management. Asset Quality Nonperforming loans consist of nonaccrual loans and loans 90 days or greater past due. Nonperforming loans decreased by 16.5 million to 52.3 million at September 30, 2024, from 68.8 million at December 31, 2023, and decreased 11.0 million from 63.3 million at September 30, 2023. Purchased credit deteriorated loans, or PCD loans, are purchased loans that, as of the date of acquisition, we determined had experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination. PCD loans and their related deferred loan costs are included in our nonperforming loan disclosures, if such loans otherwise meet the definition of a nonperforming loan. Management continues to carefully monitor loans considered to be in a classified status. Nonperforming loans as a percent of total loans were 1.3 as of September 30, 2024, 1.7 as of December 31, 2023, and 1.6 as of September 30, 2023. The distribution of our nonperforming loans is shown in the following table. 

 55 

Table of Contents 

September 30, 2024 Nonperforming Loans As of Percent Change From (Dollars in thousands) September 30, December 31, September 30, December 31, September 30, 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Commercial 14,820 2,025 3,146 631.9 371.1 Leases 746 639 377 16.7 97.9 Commercial real estate investor 8,531 16,572 26,724 (48.5) (68.1) Commercial real estate owner occupied 17,032 34,946 18,290 (51.3) (6.9) Construction 5,765 7,162 7,206 (19.5) (20.0) Residential real estate investor 1,180 1,331 1,502 (11.3) (21.4) Residential real estate owner occupied 2,479 3,078 3,627 (19.5) (31.7) Multifamily 1,196 1,775 1,141 (32.6) 4.8 HELOC 531 1,251 1,312 (57.6) (59.5) Total nonperforming loans 52,280 68,779 63,325 (24.0) (17.4) The components of our nonperforming assets are shown in the following table. 

September 30, 2024 Nonperforming Assets As of Percent Change From (Dollars in thousands) September 30, December 31, September 30, December 31, September 30, 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Nonaccrual loans 52,171 67,583 62,116 (22.8) (16.0) Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest 109 1,196 1,209 (90.9) (91.0) Total nonperforming loans 52,280 68,779 63,325 (24.0) (17.4) Other real estate owned 8,202 5,123 407 60.1 N/M Total nonperforming assets 60,482 73,902 63,732 (18.2) (5.1) 30-89 days past due loans and still accruing interest 28,480 13,668 28,486 Nonaccrual loans to total loans 1.3 1.7 1.5 Nonperforming loans to total loans 1.3 1.7 1.6 Nonperforming assets to total loans plus OREO 1.5 1.8 1.6 Allowance for credit losses 44,422 44,264 51,729 Allowance for credit losses to total loans 1.1 1.1 1.3 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans 85.1 65.5 83.3 N/M Not meaningful. 

 56 

Table of Contents 
 Loan charge-offs, net of recoveries, for the third quarter of 2024, prior linked quarter and year over year quarter are shown in the following table. 

Loan Charge offs, Net of Recoveries Three Months Ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, of June 30, of September 30, of 2024 Total 1 2024 Total 1 2023 Total 1 Commercial (7) 4.5 (19) (0.3) 8 0.1 Leases 43 (27.7) 81 1.4 (95) (1.4) Commercial real estate investor (149) 96.1 4,560 78.7 6,754 102.4 Commercial real estate owner occupied (44) 28.4 1,162 20.1 23 0.3 Construction - - - - (100) (1.5) Residential real estate investor (18) 11.6 (3) (0.1) (3) - Residential real estate owner occupied (11) 7.1 (9) (0.2) (25) (0.4) Multifamily - - - - - - HELOC (14) 9.0 (15) (0.3) (35) (0.5) Other 2 45 (29.0) 37 0.7 70 1.0 Net (recoveries)/charge offs (155) 100.0 5,794 100.0 6,597 100.0 1 Represents the percentage of net charge-offs attributable to each category of loans. 2 The Other segment includes consumer and overdrafts. Net recoveries of 155,000 were recorded for the third quarter of 2024, compared to net charge-offs of 5.8 million for the second quarter of 2024, and net charge-offs of 6.6 million for the third quarter of 2023, reflecting continuing management attention to credit quality and remediation efforts. The net recoveries for the third quarter of 2024 were primarily due to a commercial real estate investor recovery totaling 131,000. We have continued our conservative loan valuations and aggressive recovery efforts on prior charge-offs. Classified loans include nonaccrual loans and accruing substandard loans. Classified assets include both classified loans and OREO. Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by either the current net worth and ability to meet payment obligations of the obligor, or by the collateral pledged to secure the loan, if any. These loans have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt and carry the distinct possibility that we will sustain some loss if deficiencies remain uncorrected. The following table shows classified assets by segment for the following periods. 

September 30, 2024 Classified Assets As of Percent Change From (Dollars in thousands) September 30, December 31, September 30, December 31, September 30, 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Commercial 35,043 8,414 18,298 316.5 91.5 Leases 746 818 574 (8.8) 30.0 Commercial real estate investor 21,652 43,798 54,126 (50.6) (60.0) Commercial real estate owner occupied 41,820 54,613 55,292 (23.4) (24.4) Construction 5,765 17,155 17,263 (66.4) (66.6) Residential real estate investor 1,180 1,331 1,502 (11.3) (21.4) Residential real estate owner occupied 2,612 3,216 3,627 (18.8) (28.0) Multifamily 3,269 1,775 1,141 84.2 186.5 HELOC 736 1,664 1,434 (55.8) (48.7) Total classified loans 112,823 132,784 153,257 (15.0) (26.4) Other real estate owned 8,202 5,123 407 60.1 N/M Total classified assets 121,025 137,907 153,664 (12.2) (21.2) N/M - Not meaningful 

 57 

Table of Contents 
 Total classified loans and classified assets decreased 20.0 million and 16.9 million as of September 30, 2024, from December 31, 2023, respectively. The decrease since December 31, 2023, is due to outflows of 85.7 million which consisted of 32.6 million of loans paid off, 9.9 million of loans charged off, 29.6 million of classified loans upgraded, 9.0 million of principal reductions through payments, and 4.6 million that transferred to OREO. The outflows are offset by the additions of 65.7 million, which commercial loans were the majority of the additions, totaling 38.4 million. The 32.6 million decrease in classified assets from September 30, 2023 to September 30, 2024, is primarily due to outflows to commercial real estate investor of 32.5 million and commercial real estate owner occupied of 13.5 million. Management monitors a ratio of classified assets to the sum of Bank Tier 1 capital and the ACL on loans as another measure of overall change in loan related asset quality, which is referred to as the classified assets ratio. The classified assets ratio was 17.71 for the period ended September 30, 2024, compared to 21.66 as of December 31, 2023, and 23.51 as of September 30, 2023. Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans The provision for credit losses, which includes a provision for losses on unfunded commitments, is a charge to earnings to maintain the allowance for credit losses ACL at a level consistent with management s assessment of expected losses in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. At September 30, 2024, our ACL on loans totaled 44.4 million, and our ACL on unfunded commitments, included in other liabilities, totaled 2.5 million. In the third quarter of 2024, we recorded provision expense on loans of 2.0 million driven by the downgrade of two credits resulting in a higher specific allocation and a slight upward adjustment to a macro-economic forecast, these negative trends were offset by upgrades and payoffs on credits that carried higher loss rates. Further, we recorded a 2,000 reversal of provision on unfunded commitments, primarily due to an adjustment of historical benchmark assumptions, such as funding rates and the period used to forecast those rates, within the ACL calculation. These adjustments resulted in a 2.0 million net impact to the provision for credit losses for the third quarter of 2024. Management estimates the amount of provision required on a quarterly basis and records the appropriate provision expense, or release of expense, to maintain an adequate reserve for all potential and estimated credit losses on loans, leases and unfunded commitments. The ACL on loans totaled 44.4 million as of September 30, 2024, 44.3 million as of December 31, 2023, and 51.7 million as of September 30, 2023. Our ACL on loans to total loans was 1.1 as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, and 1.3 as of September 30, 2023. See Item 7 Critical Accounting Estimates in the Management Discussion and Analysis in our 2023 Annual Report in Form 10-K for discussion of our ACL methodology on loans. Allocations of the ACL may be made for specific loans, but the entire allowance is available for any loan that, in our judgment, should be charged-off. 

 58 

Table of Contents 
 Below is a reconciliation of the activity in the allowance for credit losses on loans for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Allowance at beginning of period 42,269 44,113 55,314 44,264 49,480 Charge offs: Commercial 33 3 20 51 427 Leases 68 81 - 149 882 Commercial real estate investor - 4,580 6,774 4,596 6,845 Commercial real estate owner occupied 1 (14) 1,281 35 5,154 236 Construction - - - - - Residential real estate investor - - - - - Residential real estate owner occupied - - - - - Multifamily - - - - - HELOC - - - - - Other 2 78 66 107 214 301 Total charge offs 165 6,011 6,936 10,164 8,691 Recoveries: Commercial 40 22 12 135 245 Leases 25 - 95 65 111 Commercial real estate investor 149 20 20 252 57 Commercial real estate owner occupied 30 119 12 168 17 Construction - - 100 - 100 Residential real estate investor 18 3 3 23 27 Residential real estate owner occupied 11 9 25 28 71 Multifamily - - - - - HELOC 14 15 35 46 88 Other 2 33 29 37 113 133 Total recoveries 320 217 339 830 849 Net (recoveries) charge-offs (155) 5,794 6,597 9,334 7,842 Provision for credit losses on loans 3 1,998 3,950 3,012 9,492 10,091 Allowance at end of period 44,422 42,269 51,729 44,422 51,729 Average total loans (exclusive of loans held for sale) 3,965,160 3,957,454 4,009,218 3,980,359 3,993,600 Net charge offs to average loans (0.02) 0.59 0.65 0.31 0.26 Allowance at period end to average loans 1.12 1.07 1.29 1.12 1.30 1 The reduction of the commercial real estate owner occupied is a reversal and not a recovery. This is a correction to a prior charge-off recorded in the first quarter of 2024. 2 The Other segment includes consumer loans and overdrafts. 3 Amount does not include the provision for unfunded commitment liability. The coverage ratio of the ACL on loans to nonperforming loans was 85.0 as of September 30, 2024, which was a decrease from the coverage ratio of 90.2 as of June 30, 2024, and an increase from 81.7 as of September 30, 2023. When measured as a percentage of quarter to date average loans, our total ACL on loans was 1.12 at September 30, 2024, 1.07 at June 30, 2024, and 1.29 at September 30, 2023. In management s judgment, an adequate ACL has been established to encompass the current lifetime expected credit losses at September 30, 2024, as well as general changes in lending policy, procedures and staffing, and other external factors. However, there can be no assurance that actual losses will not exceed the estimated amounts in the future, based on unforeseen economic events, changes in business climates and the condition of collateral at the time of default and repossession. Continued volatility in the economic environment stemming from the impacts of and response to inflation, political election results, potential recession, and the war in Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East, and the associated effects on our customers, or other factors, such as changes in business climates and the condition of collateral at the time of default or repossession, may revise our current expectations of future credit losses in future reporting periods. 

 59 

Table of Contents 
 Other Real Estate Owned As of September 30, 2024, OREO totaled 8.2 million, reflecting an increase of 3.1 million from 5.1 million at December 31, 2023, and an increase of 7.8 million from 407,000 at September 30, 2023. There were two property additions totaling 1.3 million and one carrying value adjustment of 28,000 in the OREO portfolio during the third quarter of 2024 due to an updated appraisal. No valuation adjustments occurred in the fourth quarter of 2023 or the third quarter of 2023. 

September 30, 2024 OREO Three Months Ended Percent Change From (Dollars in thousands) September 30, December 31, September 30, December 31, September 30, 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Balance at beginning of period 6,920 407 761 N/M N/M Property additions, net of transfer adjustments 1,282 4,894 210 (73.8) N/M Less: Proceeds from property disposals, net of participation purchase and of gains/losses - 178 564 (100.0) (100.0) Balance at end of period 8,202 5,123 407 60.1 N/M N/M - Not meaningful In management s judgment, the property valuation allowance as established presents OREO at current estimates of fair value less estimated costs to sell; however, there can be no assurance that additional losses will not be incurred on disposals or upon updates to valuations in the future. 

OREO Properties by Type (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total Single family residence - - - - - - Lots (single family and commercial) - - - - 211 52 Vacant land 197 2 197 4 196 48 Multi-family - - - - - - Commercial property 8,005 98 4,926 96 - - Total other real estate owned 8,202 100 5,123 100 407 100 Deposits and Borrowings 

September 30, 2024 Deposits As of Percent Change From (Dollars in thousands) September 30, December 31, September 30, December 31, September 30, 2024 2023 2023 2023 2023 Noninterest bearing demand 1,669,000 1,834,891 1,862,659 (9.0) (10.4) Savings 885,933 971,334 1,003,498 (8.8) (11.7) NOW accounts 548,923 565,375 567,997 (2.9) (3.4) Money market accounts 690,840 671,240 702,176 2.9 (1.6) Certificates of deposit of less than 100,000 317,312 266,035 248,272 19.3 27.8 Certificates of deposit of 100,000 through 250,000 239,775 180,289 162,901 33.0 47.2 Certificates of deposit of more than 250,000 113,641 81,582 66,817 39.3 70.1 Total deposits 4,465,424 4,570,746 4,614,320 (2.3) (3.2) 

 60 

Table of Contents 
 Total deposits were 4.47 billion at September 30, 2024, which reflects a 105.3 million decrease from total deposits of 4.57 billion at December 31, 2023, and a decrease of 148.9 million from total deposits of 4.61 billion at September 30, 2023. The decrease in deposits at September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, was primarily due to decreases in non-interest bearing deposits of 165.9 million, savings accounts of 85.4 million, and NOW accounts of 16.5 million, partially offset by an increase of 19.6 million in money market accounts, and 142.8 million in time deposits. The decrease in deposits at September 30, 2024, compared to September 30, 2023, was primarily due to decreases in non-interest bearing deposits of 193.7 million, savings accounts of 117.6 million, NOW accounts of 19.1 million, and money market accounts of 11.3 million, partially offset by an increase in time deposits of 192.7 million. Total quarterly average deposits decreased 172.6 million, or 3.7 , in the year over year period, driven by declines in our average demand deposits of 175.8 million, and savings, NOW and money markets combined decreased 182.3 million, which was partially offset by average time deposit growth of 185.4 million. In general, the bulk of the decline in deposits year over year can be characterized as rate sensitive with significant flows and transfers into investing activities. The following table presents estimated insured and uninsured deposits at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, by deposit type, as well as the weighted average rates for each year to date ending period. (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total Deposits Insured Deposits Uninsured Deposits Average Rate Paid Total Deposits Insured Deposits Uninsured Deposits Average Rate Paid Noninterest bearing demand 1,669,000 1,086,500 582,500 - 1,834,891 1,137,089 697,802 - Savings 885,933 827,107 58,826 0.33 971,334 905,163 66,171 0.11 NOW accounts 548,923 381,832 167,091 0.52 565,375 414,005 151,370 0.27 Money market accounts 690,840 458,380 232,460 1.69 671,240 473,006 198,234 0.80 Time deposits 670,728 570,291 100,437 3.20 527,906 452,000 75,906 1.45 Total 4,465,424 3,324,110 1,141,314 0.82 4,570,746 3,381,263 1,189,483 0.32 Collateralized public funds 249,110 16,313 232,797 247,202 15,211 231,991 Deposits experienced a moderate decline of 2.3 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024; our deposit level has remained stable into the second half of 2024. Deposit balances continued to shift into interest bearing accounts in the third quarter of 2024 as customers seek higher interest rates. In response to the Federal Reserve Bank rate cut, we reduced the interest rate on our CD specials in late September 2024, thus we expect the migration of balances into interest bearing accounts to start to slow. In addition to deposits, we used other liquidity sources for our funding needs in all periods presented, such as repurchase agreements and other short-term borrowings with the FHLBC. Securities sold under repurchase agreements totaled 53.9 million at September 30, 2024, a 27.4 million, or 103.5 , increase from 26.5 million at December 31, 2023, and an increase of 28.0 million, or 108.0 , from September 30, 2023. The outstanding balance of our short-term FHLBC borrowings was 335.0 million as of September 30, 2024, 405.0 million as of December 31, 2023, and 435.0 million as of September 30, 2023. We are also indebted on 25.8 million of junior subordinated debentures, net of deferred issuance costs, as of September 30, 2024, which are related to the trust preferred securities issued by its statutory trust subsidiary, Old Second Capital Trust II Trust II ). The Trust II issuance converted from fixed to floating rate at three month LIBOR, which is now three month Term SOFR, plus 150 basis points beginning June 15, 2017. Upon conversion to a floating rate, we initiated a cash flow hedge which resulted in net year to date interest rate paid on this debt of 4.34 as of September 30, 2024, as compared to 6.77 , which was the rate paid during the period prior to the June 15, 2017, rate reset. In the second quarter of 2021, we entered into Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements with certain qualified institutional buyers pursuant to which we issued 60.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 3.50 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due April 15, 2031 (the Notes ). We sold the Notes to eligible purchasers in a private offering, and the proceeds of this issuance were used for general corporate purposes. The Notes bear interest at a fixed annual rate of 3.50 through April 14, 2026, payable semi-annually in arrears. As of April 15, 2026, forward, the interest rate on the Notes will generally reset quarterly to a rate equal to three-month Term SOFR (as defined by the Note) plus 273 basis points, payable quarterly in arrears. The Notes have a stated maturity of April 15, 2031, and are redeemable, in whole are in part, on April 15, 2026, or any interest payment date thereafter, and at any time upon the occurrence of certain events. As of September 30, 2024, we had 59.4 million of subordinated debentures outstanding, net of deferred issuance costs. In December 2016, we completed a 45.0 million senior note issuance. The notes had a ten-year term, and included interest payable semiannually at 5.75 for five years. Beginning December 31, 2021, the interest became payable quarterly at three month LIBOR plus 385 basis points. On June 30, 2023, the senior notes were redeemed in full. The remaining balance of deferred debt issuance costs of 362,000 related to these senior notes was recognized as interest expense as of June 30, 2023. 

 61 

Table of Contents 
 On February 24, 2023, we paid off the remaining 9.0 million balance in notes payable and other borrowings, resulting in no balance in this line item as of September 30, 2024, December 31, 2023, and September 30, 2023. Capital As of September 30, 2024, total stockholders equity was 661.4 million, which was an increase of 84.1 million from 577.3 million as of December 31, 2023. This increase was largely attributable to net income of 66.2 million in the first nine months of 2024, partially offset by 6.7 million of dividends paid to our common stockholders. In addition, total stockholders equity as of September 30, 2024, increased over December 31, 2023, due to a reduction in unrealized net losses on available-for-sale securities, which contributed to the overall decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss of 22.4 million in the first nine months of 2024, due to changes in market interest rates. Total stockholders equity as of September 30, 2024, increased 128.8 million compared to September 30, 2023, due to net income year over year and the decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss of 50.2 million year over year. The following table shows the regulatory capital ratios and the current well capitalized regulatory requirements for the Company and the Bank as of the dates indicated : 

Minimum Capital Well Capitalized Adequacy with Under Prompt Capital Conservation Corrective Action September 30, December 31, September 30, Buffer, if applicable 1 Provisions 2 2024 2023 2023 The Company Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 7.00 N/A 12.86 11.37 11.00 Total risk-based capital ratio 10.50 N/A 15.62 14.06 13.84 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 8.50 N/A 13.39 11.89 11.52 Tier 1 leverage ratio 4.00 N/A 11.38 10.06 9.62 The Bank Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 7.00 6.50 13.49 12.32 12.49 Total risk-based capital ratio 10.50 10.00 14.45 13.24 13.57 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 8.50 8.00 13.49 12.32 12.49 Tier 1 leverage ratio 4.00 5.00 11.46 10.41 10.43 1 Amounts are shown inclusive of a capital conservation buffer of 2.50 . 2 The prompt corrective action provisions are only applicable at the Bank level. N/A - Not applicable As part of its response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, in the first quarter of 2020, U.S. federal regulatory authorities issued an interim final rule that provided banking organizations that adopted CECL during the 2020 calendar year with the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital relative to regulatory capital determined under the prior incurred loss methodology, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of the capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay (i.e., a five-year transition in total). In connection with our adoption of CECL on January 1, 2020, we elected to utilize the five-year CECL transition. As of September 30, 2024, our capital measures listed above include 951,000, which is the modified CECL transition adjustment. As of September 30, 2024, the Company, on a consolidated basis, exceeded the minimum capital ratios to be deemed well capitalized and met the capital conservation buffer requirements. In addition to the above regulatory ratios, our GAAP common equity to total assets ratio, which is used as a performance measurement for capital analysis and peer comparisons, increased from 10.09 at December 31, 2023, to 11.66 at September 30, 2024. Our GAAP tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio was 10.14 at September 30, 2024, compared to 8.53 as of December 31, 2023. Our non-GAAP tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio, which management also considers a valuable performance measurement for capital analysis, increased from 8.56 at December 31, 2023, to 10.17 at September 30, 2024, primarily due to an increase in tangible common equity in 2024. The increase in tangible common equity from December 31, 2023, to September 30, 2024, was primarily due to an increase in retained earnings of 59.4 million. 

 62 

Table of Contents 
 Reconciliation of Tangible Common Equity to Tangible Assets Ratio Non-GAAP Measure 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Tangible common equity GAAP Non-GAAP GAAP Non-GAAP (Dollars in thousands) Total Equity 661,390 661,390 577,281 577,281 Less: Goodwill and intangible assets 95,971 95,971 97,695 97,695 Add: Limitation of exclusion of core deposit intangible (80 N/A 1,900 N/A 2,243 Adjusted goodwill and intangible assets 95,971 94,071 97,695 95,452 Tangible common equity 565,419 567,319 479,586 481,829 Tangible assets Total assets 5,671,760 5,671,760 5,722,799 5,722,799 Less: Adjusted goodwill and intangible assets 95,971 94,071 97,695 95,452 Tangible assets 5,575,789 5,577,689 5,625,104 5,627,347 Common equity to total assets 11.66 11.66 10.09 10.09 Tangible common equity to tangible assets 10.14 10.17 8.53 8.56 N/A - Not applicable The non-GAAP intangible asset exclusion reflects the 80 core deposit limitation per Basel III guidelines within risk-based capital calculations, and is useful for us when reviewing risk-based capital ratios and equity performance metrics. Liquidity Liquidity is our ability to fund operations, to meet depositor withdrawals, to provide for customers credit needs, and to meet maturing obligations and existing commitments. Our liquidity principally depends on our cash flows from operating activities, investment in and maturity of assets, changes in balances of deposits and borrowings, and our ability to borrow funds. In the third quarter of 2024, we experienced an increase in loans and a decrease in deposits. We managed the change in our funding through a reduction in average borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago FHLBC through September 30, 2024, compared to the prior year like period, which resulted in a minimal interest expense impact to our interest rate risk profile. The bank failures that occurred in 2023 exemplify the potentially serious results of the unexpected inability of insured depository institutions to obtain needed liquidity to satisfy deposit withdrawal requests, including how quickly such requests can accelerate once uninsured depositors lose confidence in an institution s ability to satisfy its obligations to depositors. We seek to ensure our funding needs are met by maintaining a level of liquidity through asset and liability management. We monitor our borrowing capacity at the FHLBC as part of our liquidity management process as supervised by our Asset and Liability Committee ALCO and reviewed by our Board of Directors. In addition, our senior management team monitors cash balances daily to ensure we have adequate liquidity to meet our operational and financing needs. As of September 30, 2024, our cash on hand liquidity totaled 115.8 million, an increase of 15.6 million over cash balances held as of December 31, 2023. Net cash inflows from operating activities were 107.5 million during the first nine months of 2024, compared with net cash inflows of 87.3 million in the same period of 2023. Interest paid, net of interest received, combined with changes in other assets and liabilities were a source of inflows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and a source of outflows for the like period of 2023. The management of investing and financing activities, as well as market conditions, determines the level and the stability of net interest cash flows. Management s policy is to mitigate the impact of changes in market interest rates to the extent possible, as part of the balance sheet management process. Net cash inflows from investing activities were 63.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash inflows of 124.5 million in the same period in 2023. In the first nine months of 2024, securities transactions accounted for net inflows of 27.8 million, and the principal change on loans accounted for net inflows of 38.5 million. In the first nine months of 2023, securities transactions accounted for net inflows of 306.0 million, and principal on loans funded, net of paydowns, accounted for net outflows of 164.3 million. 

 63 

Table of Contents 
 Net cash outflows from financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 155.3 million, compared with net cash outflows of 218.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net deposit outflows in the first nine months of 2024 were 105.2 million compared to net deposit outflows of 495.4 million in the first nine months of 2023. Other short-term borrowings had 70.0 million of net cash outflows in the first nine months of 2024, compared to net cash inflows of 345.0 million for other short-term borrowings in the first nine months of 2023. Changes in securities sold under repurchase agreements accounted for inflows of 27.4 million and outflows of 6.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Dividends paid on our common stock totaled 6.7 million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The purchase of treasury stock in the first nine months of 2024 due to shares acquired with equity award vestings resulted in outflows of 791,000, compared to cash outflows of 605,000 in the first nine months of 2023 related to shares acquired from equity award vestings. Cash and cash equivalents for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, totaled 115.8 million, as compared to 100.1 million as of December 31, 2023, and 109.0 million as of September 30, 2023. The increase in cash and cash equivalents for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was mainly attributable to the decrease in our loan and securities portfolios, partially offset by the decrease in customer deposits and other short-term borrowings during the first nine months of 2024. The year over year cash and cash equivalents increase is driven by the decline in loans and securities, partially offset by decreased customer use of deposits and a reduction in other short-term borrowings. In addition to cash and cash equivalents on hand or held as deposits with other financial institutions, we rely on funding sources from customer deposits, cash flows from securities available-for-sale and loans, and a line of credit with the FHLBC to meet potential liquidity needs. These sources of liquidity are immediately available to satisfy any funding requirements due to depositor or borrower demands through the ordinary course of our business. Additional sources of funding available include a 30.0 million undrawn line of credit held by the Company with a third party financial institution, as well as unpledged securities available-for-sale. 

 64 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Interest Rate Risk As part of our normal operations, we are subject to interest-rate risk on the assets we invest in, primarily loans and securities, and the liabilities from customer deposits and borrowed funds, and off-balance sheet interest rate swap derivatives. Fluctuations in interest rates may result in changes in the fair market values of our financial instruments, cash flows, and net interest income. Like most financial institutions, we have an exposure to changes in both short-term and long-term interest rates. A financial institution s ability to be relatively unaffected by changes in interest rates is a good indicator of its capability to perform in a volatile rate environment. We mitigate the impact of interest rate volatility to the Bank by managing our rate sensitivity under various scenarios. In September 2024, the Federal Reserve Board FRB cut the Federal Funds FF rate by 50 basis points to a target range of 4.75-5.00 , after holding the FF target range at 5.25-5.50 for 14 months. The FRB elected for a larger rate cut given a softer employment landscape and signs that inflation was moderating and on a path towards the 2.00 target. The market outlook of multiple rate cuts for the rest of 2024 remains, though at a modest pace of 25 basis points, in alignment with the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) dot plot. We manage interest rate risk within guidelines established by policy which are intended to limit the amount of rate exposure. In practice, we seek to manage our interest rate risk exposure within our guidelines so that such exposure does not pose a material risk to our future earnings. We manage various market risks in the normal course of our operations, including credit, liquidity risk, and interest-rate risk. Other types of market risk, such as foreign currency exchange risk and commodity price risk, do not arise in the normal course of our business activities and operations. In addition, since we do not hold a trading portfolio, we are not exposed to significant market risk from trading activities. Our interest rate risk exposures at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, are outlined in the table below. Our net income can be significantly influenced by a variety of external factors, including: overall economic conditions, policies and actions of regulatory authorities, the amounts of and rates at which assets and liabilities reprice, variances in prepayment of loans and securities other than those that are assumed, early withdrawal of deposits, exercise of call options on borrowings or securities, competition, a general rise or decline in interest rates, changes in the slope of the yield-curve, changes in historical relationships between indices (such as SOFR and Prime), and balance sheet growth or contraction. Our asset-liability committee seeks to manage interest rate risk under a variety of rate environments by structuring our on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet positions, which includes interest rate swap derivatives as discussed in Note 19 of our consolidated financial statements found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. We seek to monitor and manage interest rate risk within approved policy guidelines and limits. Asset and liability modeling and tracking is performed and presented to the asset-liability committee and the Board of Directors no less than quarterly. The presentations discuss our current and historical interest rate risk posture, shifts in the balance sheet composition, and the impact of interest rate movements on earnings and equity. Our current balance sheet is a moderately asset sensitive profile, as our variable rate assets reprice faster than our longer duration, low beta deposit base. The 2023 market events of failed liquidity management at other banks have been discussed and reviewed by the asset-liability committee. The committee concluded that we continue to possess a strong liquidity position and no new liquidity risks were identified. Prudently, we added new measures to assess liquidity risk and enhanced our reports to segment deposits by insured, uninsured, collateralized deposits; and monitor the bank s funding sources and uses on a regular basis. We also have a Risk Committee, chaired by our Chief Risk Officer, which reports no less than quarterly to senior management as well as our Board of Directors regarding compliance with risk tolerance limits, key risk factor changes, both internally and externally, due to portfolio changes as well as market conditions. Our enterprise risk management framework is governed by this committee, with input being provided by line of business managers, senior management and the Board. We use simulation analysis to quantify the impact of various rate scenarios on our net interest income. Specific cash flows, repricing characteristics, and embedded options of the assets and liabilities held by us are incorporated into the simulation model. Earnings at risk are calculated by comparing the net interest income of a stable interest rate environment to the net interest income of a different interest rate environment in order to determine the percentage change. As of September 30, 2024, our net interest income profile remained sensitive to earnings gains, in both dollars and percentage, should interest rates rise. Our profile is less asset sensitive compared to December 31, 2023, due to shortening of term deposits and updates made to modeling of swap cashflows. 

 65 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes the effect on annual income before income taxes based upon an immediate increase or decrease in interest rates of 0.5 , 1.0 , and 2.0 , with no change in the slope of the yield curve. 

Analysis of Net Interest Income Sensitivity Immediate Changes in Rates (Dollars in thousands) (2.0) (1.0) (0.5) 0.5 1.0 2.0 September 30, 2024 Dollar change (35,413) (17,733) (8,775) 8,676 17,503 32,805 Percent change (14.1) (7.1) (3.5) 3.5 7.0 13.1 December 31, 2023 Dollar change (36,337) (18,117) (8,982) 9,354 18,818 36,453 Percent change (14.7) (7.3) (3.6) 3.8 7.6 14.7 The amounts and assumptions used in the simulation model should not be viewed as indicative of expected actual results. Actual results will differ from simulated results due to timing, magnitude, balance sheet composition and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and management strategies. The above results do not take into account any additional management action to mitigate potential risk. Effects of Inflation In management s opinion, although changes in interest rates affect our financial condition to a far greater degree than changes in the inflation rate, we monitor both. The annual U.S. inflation rate for September 2024 was 2.4 , down from 3.0 in the second quarter, while Core CPI edged up to 3.3 . Inflationary pressures have subsided and the inflation rate continues to descend. The downside risks of high inflation put upwards pressure to our expenses, which could impact our profits. Furthermore, higher costs of living weaken the financial condition of our borrowers which could affect our credit profile. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of September 30, 2024, the Company s internal controls were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified. There were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The design of any system of controls and procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

 66 

Table of Contents 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings The Company and its subsidiaries, from time to time, are involved in collection suits in the ordinary course of business against its debtors and are defendants in legal actions arising from normal business activities. Management, after consultation with legal counsel, believes that the ultimate liabilities, if any, resulting from these actions will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position of the Bank or on the consolidated financial position of the Company. Item 1.A. Risk Factors Investing in shares of our common stock involves certain risks, including those identified and described in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as well as cautionary statements contained in this Quarterly Report, on Form 10-Q, including those under the caption Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Stock Repurchases In December 2023, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 2,234,896 shares of our common stock (the Repurchase Program ). The Company received notice of non-objection in January 2024 from the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago for the Repurchase Program. Under the Repurchase Program, repurchases may be made through December 31, 2024, will not exceed 17.50 per share, and the aggregate value of share repurchases will not exceed 39.1 million. We may make repurchases under the Repurchase Program from time to time through open market purchases, trading plans established in accordance with SEC rules, privately negotiated transactions, or by other means. The actual means and timing of any repurchases, quantity of purchased shares and prices will be, subject to certain limitations, at the discretion of management and will depend on a number of factors, including, without limitation, market prices of our common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Repurchases under the Repurchase Program may be initiated, discontinued, suspended or restarted at any time provided that repurchases under the Repurchase Program after December 31, 2024, would require Federal Reserve non-objection or approval. We are not obligated to repurchase any shares under the Repurchase Program. The following table presents our stock repurchases for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Total Number of Maximum Number Total Shares Purchased of Shares that May Number of Average as Part of Publicly Yet Be Shares Price Paid Announced Plans Purchased Under Purchased (a) per Share (b) or Programs (c) 1 the Plans or Programs (d) July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 - - 2,234,896 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 - - 2,234,896 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 - - 2,234,896 Total - - - 2,234,896 1 We announced our Repurchase Program, which will expire on December 31, 2024, unless further extended as described above, in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2024, and 2,234,896 shares remained available for repurchase under the Repurchase Program as of September 30, 2024. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. 

 67 

Table of Contents 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended September 30, 2024, director or officer of the Company adopted or a Rule 10b5-1 arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

 68 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibits Exhibits: 

31.1 

 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) . 

31.2 

 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) . 

32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (v) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and in detail. 

104 

 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

69 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

OLD SECOND BANCORP, INC. BY: /s/ James L. Eccher James L. Eccher Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) BY: /s/ Bradley S. Adams Bradley S. Adams Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) DATE: November 7, 2024 

 70 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tmb-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1
 
 UNITED STATES 
 Exhibit 31.1 I, James L. Eccher, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Old Second Bancorp, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purpose in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ James L. Eccher James L. Eccher Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tmb-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2
 
 UNITED STATES 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 I, Bradley S. Adams, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Old Second Bancorp, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purpose in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Bradley S. Adams Bradley S. Adams Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tmb-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1
 
 UNITED STATES 
 Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Old Second Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James L. Eccher, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. Ay 13 

November 7, 2024 /s/ James L. Eccher James L. Eccher Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 
 1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tmb-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2
 
 UNITED STATES 
 Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Old Second Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Bradley S. Adams, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. November 7, 2024 /s/ Bradley S. Adams Bradley S. Adams Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 1 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tmb-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tmb-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tmb-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tmb-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

