<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241122_10-K-A_edgar_data_1819394_0001819394-24-000073.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13054184</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>246039</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2151229</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4501554</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3139925</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2747208</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001819394-24-000073.hdr.sgml : 20241122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241122171516
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001819394-24-000073
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Matterport, Inc./DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001819394
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				851695048
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39790
		FILM NUMBER:		241490901

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		352 EAST JAVA DRIVE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94089
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-641-2241

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		352 EAST JAVA DRIVE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94089

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gores Holdings VI, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200728

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001819394-24-000073.txt : 20241122

10-K/A
 1
 mttr-20231231.htm
 10-K/A

mttr-20231231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________ 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 Commission file number 
 ____________________________ 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ____________________________ 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading 
 Symbol 
 Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 
 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing sales price for the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2023, as reported in the Nasdaq Global Market System, was approximately million. Shares of common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer and director of the Registrant and by each person known by the Registrant to beneficially own 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose. 
 The number of shares registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 20, 2024 was . 

2 

Table of Contents 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I. 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 PART II. 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 31 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 85 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 87 
 Signatures 
 90 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 On July 22, 2021, we consummated the merger (the Merger pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 7, 2021, by and among Matterport, Inc. (formerly known as Gores Holdings VI, Inc.) (the Company ), the pre-Merger Matterport, Inc. (now known as Matterport Operating, LLC) Legacy Matterport ), Maker Merger Sub, Inc. First Merger Sub ), a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Maker Merger Sub II, LLC Second Merger Sub ), a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which First Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy Matterport, with Legacy Matterport continuing as the surviving corporation (the First Merger ), and immediately following the First Merger and as part of the same overall transaction as the First Merger, Legacy Matterport merged with and into Second Merger Sub, with Second Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, under the new name Matterport Operating, LLC. Upon the closing of the Merger, we changed our name from Gores Holdings VI, Inc. to Matterport, Inc. 
 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A to Matterport, the Company, we, us, and our, and similar terms refer to Matterport, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries following the consummation of the Merger and to Legacy Matterport prior to the consummation of the Merger. References to GHVI refer to Gores Holdings VI, Inc. prior to the consummation of the Merger. 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K/A contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition; business strategy and plans; expectations regarding the impact of COVID-19; market opportunity and expansion and objectives of management for future operations, including our statements regarding the benefits and timing of the roll out of new markets, products, or technology, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, forecast, future, intend, may, might, opportunity, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, strategy, strive, target, will, or would, including their antonyms or other similar terms or expressions may identify forward-looking statements. The absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, which involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, risks related to: 
 our ability to grow market share in our existing markets or any new markets we may enter; 
 our ability to respond to general economic conditions; 
 our ability to manage our growth effectively; 
 our success in retaining or recruiting our officers, key employees or directors, or changes required in the retention or recruitment of our officers, key employees or directors; 
 the impact of the regulatory environment and complexities with compliance related to such environment; 
 our ability to remediate our material weakness, or any other material weakness that we may identify in the future that could result in material misstatements in our financial statements 
 our ability to achieve and maintain profitability in the future; 
 our ability to access sources of capital; 
 our ability to maintain and enhance our products and brand, and to attract customers; 
 our ability to manage, develop and refine our technology platform; 
 the success of our strategic relationships with third parties; 
 our history of losses and whether we will continue to incur continuing losses for the foreseeable future; 
 our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights; 
 our ability to implement business plans, forecasts, and other expectations and identify and realize additional opportunities; 
 our ability to attract and retain new subscribers; 
 the size of the total addressable market for our products and services; 
 the continued adoption of spatial data; 
 any inability to complete acquisitions and integrate acquired businesses; 
 general economic uncertainty and the effect of general economic conditions in our industry; 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 environmental uncertainties and risks related to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters; 
 the volatility of the market price and liquidity of our Class A common stock, and other securities; 
 the increasingly competitive environment in which we operate; and 
 other factors detailed under the section entitled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. 
 Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 While these forward-looking statements reflect the Company s good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. The Company disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, data or methods, future events or other changes after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, except as required by applicable law. For a further discussion of these and other factors that could cause the Company s future results, performance or transactions to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement, please see Part I. Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which are based only on information currently available to the Company (or to third parties making the forward-looking statements). 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section entitled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, that represent challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy and the growth of our business. In particular, the following considerations, among others, may offset our competitive strengths or have a negative effect on our business strategy or operating results, which could cause a decline in the price of shares of our common stock and result in a loss of all or a portion of your investment: 
 Risks Related to Our Business: 
 If we fail to manage growth effectively, our business, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 If the assumptions, analyses or estimates used for our forecasts and projections prove to be incorrect or inaccurate, our actual operating results may differ materially from those forecasted or projected. 
 We have a history of losses and expect to incur significant expenses and continuing losses for the near term. 
 Certain of our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate. 
 We currently face competition and expect to face significant competition in the future. 
 If third party suppliers upon which we rely are not able to fulfill our needs, our ability to timely and cost effectively bring our products to market could be affected. 
 The risks associated with international geopolitical conflicts on the global economy, energy supplies and supply of raw materials are uncertain, but may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business may be negatively affected by domestic and global economic and credit conditions. 
 Prolonged economic uncertainties or downturns could materially adversely affect our business. 
 If we are unable to attract and retain key employees and hire qualified management, technical, engineering and sales personnel, our ability to compete and successfully grow our business would be adversely affected. 
 An earthquake, wildfire or other natural disaster or resource shortage, including public safety power shut-offs that have occurred and will continue to occur in California or other states, could disrupt and harm our operations. 
 If we fail to retain current subscribers or add new subscribers, our business would be seriously harmed. 
 We may be unable to build and maintain successful relationships with our strategic alliances and reseller partners, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 Potential future acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships or alliances could be difficult to identify and integrate. Such projects may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may need to raise additional funds to finance our operations which may not be available when needed. 
 We operate in a new market, and global economic conditions and instability may adversely affect our business. 
 We incur increased costs and administrative burden as a public company, and our management devotes substantial time to maintaining compliance. 
 Climate change could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Litigation: 
 We are currently involved in litigation with one of our former stockholders relating to the lock-up restrictions included in our Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 We are currently involved in litigation with two of our stockholders relating to the issuance of Earn-Out shares in connection with the February 7, 2021 Agreement and Plan of Merger. 
 We may from time to time be involved in other lawsuits and litigation matters that are expensive and time-consuming. If resolved adversely, lawsuits and other litigation matters could seriously harm our business. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property, Information Technology, Data Privacy, Data Security and Regulatory Issues: 
 We cannot predict the duration or ultimate resolution of the investigation by the Division of Enforcement of the SEC, and cooperating with the request may require significant management time and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial position. 
 Any technology failures causing a material disruption to operational technology or cyber-attacks on our systems could harm our reputation and/or could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business. 
 Failure to comply with laws and regulations regarding data privacy and security matters could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our products are highly technical and may contain undetected software bugs or hardware errors, which could manifest in ways that could seriously harm our reputation and our business. 
 Our products contain third-party open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying licenses could restrict our ability to deliver our platform or subject us to litigation or other actions. 
 Our future growth and success are dependent upon the continuing rapid adoption of spatial data. 
 Any delays in development of new services, products and service/product innovations could adversely affect market adoption of our products and services and could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 We may need to defend against intellectual property infringement or misappropriation claims, which may be time-consuming and expensive, and adversely affect our business. 
 Our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to protect our spatial data technology and intellectual property from unauthorized use by third parties. 
 Changes to applicable U.S. tax laws or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our business. 
 Our tax rates may fluctuate, tax obligations may become more complex and subject to greater risk of examination by taxing authorities, the impacts of which could adversely affect our after-tax profitability and financial results. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforward and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 Failure to comply with laws relating to employment could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 Changes in laws, regulations or rules, or a failure to comply with any laws, regulations or rules, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 
 The warrants are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value reported in our earnings, which could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and/or an adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock: 
 Our financial condition and results of operations are likely to fluctuate on a quarterly basis, which could cause our results for a particular period to fall below expectations, resulting in a decline in the price of our common stock. 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 General Risk Factors: 
 Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate and could fall below expectations due to seasonality. 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile and could decline significantly. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish reports about us or if they change their recommendations regarding our common stock adversely, then the price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 
 Future issuances of debt securities and equity securities may adversely affect us. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and if we are not able to remediate the material weakness, or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to design and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, then we may be unable to accurately report our results of operations, meet our reporting obligations or prevent misstatements due to fraud or error. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A before making an investment decision regarding our Class A common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially and adversely affected if any of these risks occurs, and as a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. This Annual Report on Form 10-K/A also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth below. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We have experienced rapid growth and expect to invest in growth for the foreseeable future. If we fail to manage growth effectively, our business, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and we expect to continue to experience growth in the future. The growth and expansion of our business has challenged, and may continue to challenge our management, operations, financial infrastructure and corporate culture. While employee growth has rapidly occurred at our Sunnyvale headquarters, across the United States, and internationally, we have undertaken restructuring actions to better align our financial model and our business. For example, in July 2023, we implemented a plan of termination of approximately 30 of our workforce to reduce operating costs and continue to accelerate our path to profitable growth. We may need to take additional restructuring actions in the future to align our business with the market. Steps we take to manage our business operations, including remote work policies for employees, and to align our operations with our strategies for future growth may adversely affect our reputation and brand and our ability to recruit, retain and motivate highly skilled personnel. 
 To manage growth in operations, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and reporting systems and procedures. Failure to manage growth effectively could result in difficulties or delays in attracting new customers, declines in quality or customer satisfaction, increases in costs, difficulties in introducing or enhancing products and services, loss of customers, information security vulnerabilities or other operational difficulties, any of which could adversely affect our business performance and operating results. 
 Our forecasts and projections are based upon assumptions, analyses and internal estimates developed by our management. If these assumptions, analyses or estimates prove to be incorrect or inaccurate, our actual operating results may differ materially from those forecasted or projected. 
 Our forecasts and projections, including forecasts and estimates relating to the expected sizes and growth of the markets in which we seek to operate, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions, analyses and internal estimates developed by our management, any or all of which may not prove to be correct or accurate. If these assumptions, analyses or estimates prove to be incorrect or inaccurate, our actual operating results may differ materially from those forecasted or projected. 
 We have a history of losses and expect to incur significant expenses and continuing losses at least for the near term. 
 
 We incurred net losses of approximately 199.1 million, 111.3 million, and 338.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 778.5 million. We believe we will continue to incur operating and net losses each quarter at least for the near term. Even if we achieve profitability, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain profitability in the future. Our potential profitability is particularly dependent upon the continued adoption of spatial data and the use of our platform by commercial and individual consumers, which may not occur at the levels we currently anticipate or at all. 
 Certain of our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K/A includes estimates of the addressable market for our products and services which are based in part on our internal analyses. Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts, whether obtained from third-party sources or developed internally, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 estimates that may prove to be inaccurate. The estimates and forecasts in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A relating to the size and expected growth of the target market, market demand and adoption, capacity to address this demand and pricing may also prove to be inaccurate. In particular, estimates regarding the current and projected market opportunity are difficult to make. The estimated addressable market may not materialize for many years, if ever, and even if the markets meet the size estimates and growth forecasted in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, our business could fail to grow at similar rates. 
 We currently face competition from a number of companies and expect to face significant competition in the future as the market for spatial data develops. 
 The spatial data market is relatively new and competition is still developing. We currently face competition from other companies, generally with different competitors in each of our vertical markets, as well as from traditional, offline methods of interacting with and managing buildings and their spaces. Additionally, we have a number of competitors in the spatial data market with limited funding, which could cause poor experiences and hamper consumer confidence in the spatial data market and adoption or trust in providers. We may also face competition from new market entrants with significantly greater resources, or our current competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater resources, either of which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Future competitors could also be better positioned to serve certain segments of our current or future target markets, which could create price pressure. In light of these factors, current or potential customers may accept competitive solutions. If we fail to adapt to changing market conditions or continue to compete successfully with current or new spatial data competitors, our growth will be impacted, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 If third party suppliers upon which we rely are not able to fulfill our needs, our ability to timely and cost effectively bring our products to market could be affected. 
 We rely on a limited number of suppliers to supply our hardware components, including in some cases only a single supplier for some products and components. This reliance on a limited number of manufacturers increases our risks, since we do not currently have proven reliable alternative or replacement manufacturers beyond these key parties. In the event of interruption, we may not be able to increase capacity from other sources or develop alternate or secondary sources, and if such sources become available, they may result in material additional costs and substantial delays. 
 Unexpected changes in business conditions, materials pricing, labor issues, wars, trade policies, natural disasters, health epidemics, trade and shipping disruptions, port congestions and other factors beyond our or our suppliers control could also affect these suppliers ability to deliver components to us or to remain solvent and operational. Such disruptions could adversely affect our business if we are not able to meet customer demands. In addition, some of our suppliers are located in China. Our access to suppliers in China may be limited or impaired as a result of tariffs or other government restrictions in response to geopolitical factors. We have used alternative suppliers and alternative parts from time to time to mitigate the challenges caused by these shortages, but there is no guarantee we may be able to continually do so as we scale production to meet our growth targets. Additionally, if our suppliers do not accurately forecast and effectively allocate production or if they are not willing to allocate sufficient production to us, it may reduce our access to components and require us to search for new suppliers. The unavailability of any component or supplier could result in production delays, idle manufacturing facilities, product design changes and loss of access to important technology and tools for producing and supporting our products, as well as impact our capacity expansion and our ability to fulfill our obligations under customer contracts. Moreover, new product launches or product design changes by us have required and may in the future require us to procure additional components in a short amount of time. Our suppliers may not be willing or able to sustainably meet our timelines or our cost, quality and volume needs, or to do so may cost us more, which may require us to replace them with other sources. 
 If we face supply constraints for any of the reasons described above, it may not be possible to obtain or increase supplies on acceptable terms, which may undermine our ability to satisfy customer demands in a timely manner. For example, it may take a significant amount of time to identify a manufacturer that has the capability and resources to build and supply necessary hardware components in sufficient volume. Identifying suitable suppliers can be an extensive process that requires us to become satisfied with our suppliers quality control, technical capabilities, responsiveness and service, financial stability, regulatory compliance, and labor and other ethical practices. Accordingly, a loss of any significant suppliers or manufacturers would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 The impact of the risks associated with international geopolitical conflicts, including escalating tensions between Taiwan and China, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, on the global economy, energy 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 supplies and supply of raw materials are uncertain, but may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In recent years, diplomatic and trade relationships between the U.S. government and China have become increasingly frayed and the threat of a takeover of Taiwan by China has increased. As we have suppliers in China and Taiwan, our business, operations, and supply chain could be materially and adversely impacted by political, economic or other actions from China or Taiwan, or changes in China-Taiwan relations that impact their economies. Tensions between the U.S. and China have led to a series of tariffs being imposed by the U.S. on imports from mainland China, as well as other business restrictions. Tariffs increase the cost of our products and the components that go into making them. These increased costs can adversely impact the gross margin that we earn on our products. Tariffs can also make our products more expensive for customers, which could make our products less competitive and reduce consumer demand. Changing our operations in accordance with new or changed trade restrictions can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to our operations. 
 
 In addition, we continue to monitor any adverse impact that the outbreak of war in Ukraine and the subsequent institution of sanctions against Russia by the United States, the Israeli-Palestinian military conflict, and several European and Asian countries may have on the global economy in general, on our business and operations and on the businesses and operations of our suppliers and customers. The war in Ukraine and the Israeli-Palestinian military conflict have further increased existing global economic challenges, including supply chain, logistics, and inflationary challenges. Such global or regional economic and political conditions adversely affect demand for our products. These conditions could have an impact on our suppliers, causing increases in cost of materials and higher shipping and transportation rates, and as a result impact the pricing of our products. We purchase certain products and key hardware components from a limited number of sources, including in some cases only a single supplier for some products and components, and depend on the supply chain, including freight, to receive components, transport finished goods and deliver our products across the world. The industry-wide global supply chain challenges, including with respect to manufacturing, transportation and logistics could impact our operational and financial performance adversely, including impacts on our subscribers and their spending habits, could impact on our marketing efforts, and effects on our suppliers. If macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions do not improve or if they worsen, then our results of operations may be negatively impacted. To the extent that increased political tensions between China and Taiwan, the war in Ukraine, or the Israeli-Palestinian military conflict may adversely affect our business, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in our risk factors, such as those relating to data security, supply chain, volatility in prices of inputs, and market conditions, any of which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Our business may be negatively affected by domestic and global economic and credit conditions. 
 
 We have international operations with sales outside the U.S., and we have plans to expand internationally. In addition, our global supply chain is large and complex and the majority of our supplier facilities are located outside the U.S. As a result, our operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions. 
 
 Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slower growth or recession, new or increased tariffs and other barriers to trade, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, tighter credit, higher interest rates, high unemployment and currency fluctuations can adversely impact consumer confidence and spending and materially adversely affect demand for our products and services. In addition, consumer confidence and spending can be materially adversely affected in response to financial market volatility, negative financial news, conditions in the real estate and mortgage markets, declines in income or asset values, energy shortages and cost increases, labor and healthcare costs and other economic factors. 
 
 In addition to an adverse impact on demand for our products and services, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic conditions can have a significant impact on our suppliers and subscribers. These and other economic factors can negatively adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. 
 
 Additionally, turmoil in the global banking system has the potential to impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank (SVB), one of our banking partners, was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the FDIC as receiver. On March 27, 2023, First Citizens Bank Trust Company assumed all of SVB s customer deposits and certain other liabilities and acquired substantially all of SVB's loans and certain other assets from the FDIC. We held a minimal amount of cash directly at SVB and, since that date, the FDIC has stated that all depositors of SVB will be made whole, and First Citizens Bank Trust Company has assumed our deposits from SVB. However, there is no guarantee that the federal government would guarantee all depositors as they did with SVB depositors in the event of further bank closures, and continued instability in the global banking system may adversely impact our business and financial condition as well as the financial condition of our customers and suppliers. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Prolonged economic uncertainties or downturns could materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 Negative conditions in the general economy both in the United States and abroad, including inflationary pressure, recession, currency fluctuations and a higher interest rate environment, changes in gross domestic product growth, instability in connection with the upcoming presidential election in the United States, potential future government shutdowns, the federal government s failure to raise the debt ceiling, financial and credit market fluctuations, the imposition of trade barriers and restrictions such as tariffs, political deadlock, restrictions on travel, natural catastrophes, warfare and terrorist attacks, could cause a decrease in business investments, including corporate spending in general and negatively affect the rate of growth of our business. 
 If we are unable to attract and retain key employees and hire qualified management, technical, engineering and sales personnel, our ability to compete and successfully grow our business would be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our continuing ability to identify, hire, train and retain highly qualified personnel. Any inability to do so effectively would adversely affect our business. Competition for employees is intense and the ability to attract, hire, train and retain them depends on our ability to provide competitive compensation. We may not be able to attract, hire or retain qualified personnel in the future due to a very competitive labor market for talented individuals with technology experience, or any negative publicity related to us. If we are not successful in managing these risks, our business, financial condition, and operating results may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Some of our facilities are located in an active earthquake zone or in areas susceptible to wildfires and other severe weather events. An earthquake, wildfire or other natural disaster or resource shortage, including public safety power shut-offs that have occurred and will continue to occur in California or other states, could disrupt and harm our operations. 
 Our headquarters and largest facility is located in California, an active earthquake zone. The occurrence of a natural disaster such as an earthquake, drought, flood, fire (such as the recent extensive wildfires in California, Washington, Oregon and Colorado), localized extended outages of critical utilities (such as California s public safety power shut-offs) or transportation systems, or any critical resource shortages could cause a significant interruption in our business, damage or destroy our facilities or inventory, or cause us to incur significant costs, any of which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any insurance we maintain against such risks may not be adequate to cover losses in any particular case. 
 If we fail to retain current subscribers or add new subscribers, our business would be seriously harmed. 
 Our future revenue growth will depend in significant part on our ability to retain our existing customers and increase the number of our subscribers. Spatial data is an emerging market, and consumers may not adopt the use of spatial data or our platform on a widespread basis or on the timelines we anticipate. It is possible that our paid subscriber growth rate could decline over time if we achieve higher market penetration rates. If current and potential subscribers do not perceive our platform and products as useful, we may not be able to attract new subscribers or retain existing subscribers. 
 There are many factors that could negatively affect subscriber retention and growth, including if: 
 our competitors attempt to mimic our products, which could harm our subscriber engagement and growth; 
 we fail to introduce new products and services or those we introduce are poorly received; 
 we are unable to continue to develop products that work with a variety of mobile operating systems, networks, smartphones and computers; 
 there are changes in subscriber sentiment about the quality or usefulness of our existing products; 
 there are concerns about the privacy implications, safety, or security of our platform or products; 
 there are changes in our platform or products that are mandated by legislation, regulatory authorities or litigation, including settlements or consent decrees that adversely affect the subscriber s experience; 
 technical or other problems frustrate subscribers experiences with our platform or products, particularly if those problems prevent us from delivering our products in a fast and reliable manner; or 
 we fail to provide adequate service to subscribers. 
 Decreases to our subscriber retention or growth could seriously harm our business and results of operation. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We may be unable to build and maintain successful relationships with our strategic alliances and reseller partners, and such alliances and partnerships may fail to perform, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 We employ a go-to-market business model whereby a material portion of our revenue is generated by sales through our channel partners, such as resellers and value-added resellers, which further expand the reach of our direct sales force into additional geographies, sectors and industries. In particular, we have entered, and intend to continue to enter, into strategic alliance and reseller relationships in certain international markets where we do not have a local presence. If our channel partners are unsuccessful in marketing and selling access to our platform, it would limit our expansion into certain geographies, sectors and industries. If we are unable to develop and maintain effective sales incentive programs for our channel partners, we may not be able to incentivize these partners to sell access to our platform to customers. 
 Some of these partners may also market, sell and support offerings that are competitive with ours, may devote more resources to the marketing, sales and support of such competitive offerings, may have incentives to promote our competitors offerings to the detriment of our own or may cease selling access to our products altogether. Our channel partners could subject us to lawsuits, potential liability and reputational harm if, for example, any of our channel partners misrepresents the functionality of our platform to customers or violates laws or our or their corporate policies. In addition, in circumstances where we do not enter into a direct agreement with end customers, we cannot be sure that on every occasion each channel partner has required end customers to agree to our standard terms which are protective of our solutions and technology, nor that the channel partners will enforce each failure by an end customer to comply with such terms. Our ability to achieve revenue growth in the future will depend, in significant part, on our success in maintaining successful relationships with our channel partners, identifying additional channel partners and training our channel partners to independently sell access to our platform. If our channel partners are unsuccessful in selling access to our platform, or if we are unable to enter into arrangements with or retain a sufficient number of high quality channel partners in each of the regions in which we market and sell our platform and keep them motivated to market and sell our platform, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects would be adversely affected. 
 Our business strategy includes growing our portfolio through potential future acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships or alliances that could be difficult to identify and integrate. Such projects may divert the attention of key management personnel, disrupt our business, dilute our existing stockholders value and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As part of our business strategy, we have in the past acquired, and may in the future acquire, additional assets, products, technologies or businesses that are complementary to our existing business. The process of identifying and consummating acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into our existing business would require attention from management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 Acquired assets or businesses may not generate the expected financial results. Acquisitions could also result in significant cash expenditures, potentially dilutive issuance of equity securities, amortization expenses for other intangible assets, exposure to potential unknown liabilities of acquired businesses, and potential goodwill impairment. We may not successfully evaluate or use the acquired technology or personnel, or accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges and tax liabilities. Further, the issuance of equity or securities convertible to equity to finance any such acquisitions could result in dilution to our shareholders and the issuance of debt could subject us to covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. We could become subject to legal claims following an acquisition or fail to accurately forecast the potential impact of any claims. The acquired technology or product may not comply with legal or regulatory requirements and may expose us to regulatory risk and require us to make additional investments to make them compliant. We may not be able to provide the same support service levels to the acquired technology or product that we generally offer with our other products. Any of these issues could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Failure to successfully identify, complete, manage and integrate acquisitions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In July 2022, we completed the acquisition of VHT, Inc. VHT ), known as VHT Studios, a U.S.-based real estate marketing company that offers brokerages and agents digital solutions to promote and sell properties, which expands Matterport Capture Services by bringing together Matterport digital twins with professional photography, drone capture and marketing services. Any integration process may require significant time and resources. We may not be able to manage the process successfully and may experience a decline in our profitability as we incur expenses prior to fully realizing the benefits of an acquisition. We could expend significant cash and incur acquisition related costs and other unanticipated 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 liabilities associated with an acquisition, the product or the technology, such as contractual obligations, potential security vulnerabilities of the acquired company and its products and services and potential intellectual property infringement. Additional risks we may face in connection with acquisitions include: 
 diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to addressing acquisition integration challenges; 
 coordination of research and development and sales and marketing functions; 
 integration of products and service offerings; 
 retention of key employees from acquired companies; 
 changes in relationships with strategic partners as a result of product acquisitions or strategic positioning resulting from acquisitions; 
 cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from acquired companies into our organization; 
 integration of acquired companies accounting, management information, human resources and other administrative systems in our existing operations; 
 the need to implement or improve controls, procedures, and policies at a business that prior to acquisition may have lacked sufficiently effective controls, procedures and policies; 
 additional legal, regulatory or compliance requirements; 
 financial reporting, revenue recognition or other financial or control deficiencies of acquired companies that we do not adequately address and that cause our reported results to be incorrect; 
 liability for activities of acquired companies, including intellectual property infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities; 
 unanticipated write-offs or charges; and 
 litigation or other claims in connection with acquired companies, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders or other third parties. 
 
 Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or investments, cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities and cause other harm to our business. 
 We may need to raise additional funds to finance our operations and these funds may not be available when needed. 
 We may need to raise additional funds in the future to further scale our business and expand to additional markets. We may raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities, or by obtaining credit from financial institutions. We cannot be certain that additional funds will be available on favorable terms when required, or at all. If we cannot raise additional funds when needed, our financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. If we raise funds through the issuance of debt securities or other loan transactions, we could face significant interest payments, covenants that restrict our business, or other unfavorable terms. In addition, to the extent we raise funds through the sale of additional equity securities, our stockholders would experience additional dilution. 
 We operate in a new market, and global economic conditions and instability may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Global economic and business activities continue to face widespread macroeconomic uncertainties, including increased inflation and interest rates, recessionary fears, financial and credit market fluctuations, changes in economic policy, and global supply chain constraints. Our business is impacted by both consumer and business spending, both of which are susceptible to changes in macroeconomic conditions, such as growing inflation, rising interest rates, recessionary fears, and economic uncertainty. Sustained or worsening inflation or an economic downturn may result in fewer purchases of our products and services, which could impact our revenue growth and other business and operating results. Additionally, we have modified our business practices as a result of COVID-19 and resulting concerns, such as shifting to a remote-first working environment. If significant portions of our workforce are unable to work effectively as a result of our modified practices, then our operations will be negatively impacted. Further, any resurgence in the COVID-19 pandemic or the emergence of future pandemics could limit the ability of our suppliers, vendors and business partners to perform or otherwise work effectively, including third-party suppliers ability to provide components and materials used in our capture 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 devices or the services used through our platform. The extent to which macroeconomic uncertainties may continue to impact our operational and financial performance remains uncertain and will depend on many factors outside our control. These direct and indirect impacts may negatively affect our business and operating results. 
 
 We incur increased costs and administrative burden as a result of operating as a public company, and our management devotes substantial time to maintaining compliance. 
 
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. We are subject to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, and the rules and regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ), as well as rules adopted, and to be adopted, by the SEC and the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to maintaining compliance with these requirements, Moreover, these rules and regulations substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. The increased costs may increase our net loss and comprehensive loss. 
 
 It may also be more expensive to obtain director and officer liability insurance. We cannot always predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs it may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. The additional reporting and other obligations imposed by these rules and regulations may increase legal and financial compliance costs and the costs of related legal, accounting and administrative activities. These increased costs may require us to divert a significant amount of money that could otherwise be used to expand the business and achieve strategic objectives. Furthermore, if any issues in complying with the above requirements are identified (for example, if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identifies additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the internal control over financial reporting), we could incur additional costs rectifying those issues, and the existence of those issues could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of it. Advocacy efforts by stockholders and third parties may also prompt additional changes in governance and reporting requirements, which could further increase costs. 
 
 Increased scrutiny of our environmental, social or governance responsibilities have and will likely continue to result in additional costs and risks, and may adversely impact our reputation, employee retention, and willingness of customers and suppliers to do business with us. 
 
 There is increasing focus from customers, consumers, employees, regulators, lenders and other stakeholders concerning environmental, social and governance ESG matters, including corporate citizenship and sustainability. Additionally, public interest and legislative pressure related to public companies' ESG practices continues to grow. If our ESG practices fail to meet regulatory requirements or stakeholders' evolving expectations and standards for responsible corporate citizenship in areas including environmental stewardship, support for local communities, Board and employee diversity, human capital management, employee health and safety practices, corporate governance and transparency and employing ESG strategies in our operations, our brand, reputation and employee retention may be negatively impacted, and customers and suppliers may be unwilling to do business with us. 
 
 Climate change and related public focus from regulators and various stakeholders could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 Climate change is receiving ever increasing attention worldwide. Many scientists, legislators and others attribute global warming to increased levels of greenhouse gases, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions. Climate changes, such as extreme weather conditions, decreased water availability and overall temperature shifts, may have physical impacts on operations. Such impacts are geographically specific, highly uncertain and may result in diminished availability of materials, indirect financial risks passed through our supply chain and adverse impacts on our financial performance and operations. These considerations may also result in international, national, regional or local legislative or regulatory responses to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions. Timing and scope of any regulations are uncertain and regulation could result in additional costs of compliance, increased energy, transportation and materials costs and other additional expenses to improve the efficiency of our products and operations. 
 
 Relatedly, the expectations of our customers, stockholders and employees have heightened in areas such as the environment, social matters and corporate governance. Increased public focus requires us to provide information on our 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 approach to these issues, including certain climate-related matters such as mitigating greenhouse gas emissions, and continuously monitor related reporting standards. A failure to adequately meet stakeholder expectations may result in a loss of business, diminished ability to successfully market our products to new and existing customers, diluted market valuation or an inability to attract and retain key personnel. 
 Risks Related to Litigation 
 We are currently involved in litigation with one of our former stockholders relating to the lock-up restrictions included in our Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 On July 23, 2021, plaintiff William J. Brown, a former employee and a shareholder of Matterport, Inc. (now known as Matterport Operating, LLC) Legacy Matterport ), sued Legacy Matterport, Gores Holdings VI, Inc. (now known as Matterport, Inc.), Maker Merger Sub Inc., Maker Merger Sub II, LLC, and Legacy Matterport directors R.J. Pittman, David Gausebeck, Matt Bell, Peter Hebert, Jason Krikorian, Carlos Kokron and Michael Gustafson (collectively, the Defendants in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The plaintiff s initial complaint claimed that Defendants imposed invalid transfer restrictions on his shares of Matterport stock in connection with the merger transactions between Matterport, Inc. and Legacy Matterport (the Transfer Restrictions ), and that Legacy Matterport s board of directors violated their fiduciary duties in connection with a purportedly misleading letter of transmittal. The initial complaint sought damages and costs, as well as a declaration from the court that he may freely transfer his shares of Class A common stock of Matterport received in connection with the merger transactions. An expedited trial regarding the facial validity of the Transfer Restrictions took place in December 2021. On January 11, 2022, the court issued a ruling that the Transfer Restrictions did not apply to the plaintiff. The opinion did not address the validity of the Transfer Restrictions more broadly. Matterport filed a notice of appeal of the court s ruling on February 8, 2022, and a hearing was held in front of the Delaware Supreme Court on July 13, 2022, after which the appellate court affirmed the lower court s ruling. Separate proceedings regarding the plaintiff s remaining claims are pending. The plaintiff filed a Third Amended Complaint on September 16, 2022, which asserts the causes of action described above but omits as defendants Maker Merger Sub Inc., Maker Merger Sub II, LLC, and Legacy Matterport directors David Gausebeck, Matt Bell, and Carlos Kokron, and adds an additional cause of action alleging that Matterport, Inc. violated the Delaware Uniform Commercial Code by failing to timely register Brown s requested transfer of Matterport, Inc. shares. The remaining defendants answer to the Third Amended Complaint was filed on November 9, 2022, and the parties have completed discovery. Trial was held in November 2023 and a post-trial hearing was held on February 22, 2024. 
 We are currently involved in litigation with two of our stockholders relating to the issuance of Earn-Out shares in connection with the February 7, 2021 Agreement and Plan of Merger. 
 On February 1, 2024, two stockholders, Laurie Hanna and Vasana Smith (collectively Plaintiffs filed a complaint derivatively on behalf of Matterport, Inc. against R.J. Pittman, Michael Gustafson, Peter Hebert, James Krikorian, James Daniel Fay, David Gausebeck, Japjit Tulsi, Judi Otteson, Jay Remley, and numerous shareholders of Matterport, Inc. (collectively Defendants in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The complaint alleges that the issuance of 23,460,000 Earn-Out shares worth 225 million was a breach of fiduciary duty and an act of corporate waste, which unjustly enriched recipients of the Earn-Out shares at the expense of Matterport and its common stockholders. Specifically, the Plaintiffs allege that issuance of the Earn-Out Shares violated the February 7, 2021 Agreement and Plan of Merger pursuant to which Legacy Matterport and Gores Holding VI, a publicly listed special purpose acquisition company, and two Gores subsidiaries merged, providing Legacy Matterport shareholders with shares of the surviving public company which took the name Matterport. The complaint seeks disgorgement all unjust enrichment by the Defendants, an award of compensatory damages to Matterport, an award of costs and disbursements to the Plaintiffs, as well as a declaration that Plaintiffs may maintain the action on behalf of Matterport and that Plaintiffs are adequate representatives of Matterport, and a finding that demand on the Matterport board is excused as futile. This litigation may be time consuming, expensive and distracting from the conduct of our business. Furthermore, regardless of the merits of any claim, legal proceedings may result in the diversion of time and attention by our management and board of directors. 
 We are currently and may from time to time be involved in lawsuits and other litigation matters that are expensive and time-consuming. If resolved adversely, lawsuits and other litigation matters could seriously harm our business. 
 We are currently involved in several lawsuits and other litigation proceedings, and we anticipate that we may from time to time be involved in other lawsuits and similar proceedings. Any such lawsuits or other proceedings to which we are a party may result in an onerous or unfavorable outcomes or judgment that may not be reversed on appeal, or we may decide to settle lawsuits or other proceedings on unfavorable terms. Any such negative outcome could result in payments of 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 substantial monetary damages or fines, or changes to our products or business practices, and accordingly our business could be seriously harmed. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property, Information Technology, Data Privacy, Data Security and Regulatory Issues 
 Legacy Matterport received a voluntary request for information from the Division of Enforcement of the SEC in an investigation relating to certain sales and repurchases of its securities in the secondary market. Although we believe we have cooperated fully with the request, we cannot predict the duration or ultimate resolution of the investigation, and cooperating with the request may require significant management time and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial position. 
 On January 29, 2021, Legacy Matterport received a voluntary request for information from the Division of Enforcement of the SEC relating to certain sales and repurchases of our securities in the secondary market. Although we believe we have cooperated fully with the request, we have not received any updates from the SEC and we cannot predict the duration or ultimate resolution of the investigation. Cooperating with any additional requests from the SEC may require significant management time and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial position. 
 
 We rely significantly on the use of information technology. Cybersecurity risks any technology failures causing a material disruption to operational technology or cyber-attacks on our systems affecting our ability to protect the integrity and security of customer and employee information could harm our reputation and/or could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business. 
 
 We increasingly rely on information technology systems to process, transmit and store electronic information. A significant portion of the communication between personnel, customers, business partners and suppliers depends on information technology. We use information technology systems and networks in our operations and supporting departments such as marketing, accounting, finance, and human resources. We also rely on third party technology and systems for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, back-office support, and other functions. The future operation, success and growth of our business depends on streamlined processes made available through our uninhibited access to information systems, global communications, internet activity and other network processes. 
 
 Like most companies, despite our current security measures, our information technology systems, and those of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to information security breaches, malware, viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, which could lead to interruption and delays in our services and operations and loss, misuse or theft of data. Computer malware, viruses, hacking and phishing attacks against online networks have become more prevalent and may occur on our systems in the future. Ransomware attacks, including those from organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe, and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational loss, diversion of funds, and may result in fines, litigation and unwanted media attention. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting payments. Further, stored data might be improperly accessed due to a variety of events beyond our control, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers and other security issues. 
 
 Hackers and data thieves are increasingly sophisticated and operate large-scale and complex automated attacks which may remain undetected until after they occur. Any attempts by cyber attackers to disrupt our services or systems or those of our third party service providers could result in mandated user notifications, litigation, government investigations, significant fines and expenditures; product fulfillment delays, key personnel being unable to perform duties or communicate throughout the organization, loss of internet sales, significant costs for data restoration; damage our brand and reputation; and materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Efforts to prevent cyber attackers from entering computer systems are expensive to implement, and we may not be able to avoid attacks that arise through computer systems of our third-party vendors. Despite our existing security procedures and controls, if our network were compromised, it could give rise to unwanted media attention, materially damage our customer relationships, harm our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, result in fines or litigation, and may increase the costs we incur to protect against such information security breaches, such as increased investment in technology, the costs of compliance with consumer protection laws and costs resulting from consumer fraud. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We have not experienced any material attacks, disruptions, outages and other performance problems, but may do so in the future, due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, third-party service providers, human or software errors and capacity constraints. When we have experienced such incidents, we have implemented controls and taken other 
 preventative actions to further strengthen our systems against future attacks. However, we cannot assure you that such measures will provide absolute security, that we will be able to react in a timely manner, or that our remediation efforts following an attack will be successful. 
 We have processes and procedures in place designed to enable us to recover from a disaster or catastrophe and continue business operations and have tested this capability under controlled circumstances. However, there are several factors ranging from human error to data corruption that could materially impact the efficacy of such processes and procedures, including by lengthening the time services are partially or fully unavailable to customers and users. It may be difficult or impossible to perform some or all recovery steps and continue normal business operations due to the nature of a particular disaster or catastrophe, especially during peak periods, which could cause additional reputational damages, or loss of revenues, any of which would adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Moreover, while we maintain cyber insurance that may help provide coverage for these types of incidents, we cannot assure you that our insurance will be adequate to cover costs and liabilities related to security incidents or breaches. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in changes to our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
 
 Because we store, process, and use data, some of which contains personal information, we are subject to complex and evolving federal, state and foreign laws, regulations, industry standards, and other legal obligations regarding data privacy and security matters. Failure to comply with such laws, regulations, industry standards, and legal obligations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences. 
 As part of our normal business activities, we collect, store, retain, process, transmit, and use data, some of which contains personal information. As such, we are subject to various federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations, industry standards, and other legal obligations regarding data privacy and security matters. In addition, these existing laws and regulations are constantly evolving, and new laws and regulations that apply to our business are being introduced at every level of government in the United States, as well as internationally. The legislative and regulatory landscape will be even more complex in 2024 as some countries work to implement laws finalized last year such as India's Personal Data Protection Law while others launch or continue discussions around potential privacy legislation. As we seek to expand our business, we are, and may increasingly become subject to various laws, regulations, standards, and regulatory guidance relating to data privacy and security in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any federal or state privacy or security laws, regulations, regulatory guidance, industry standards, or other legal obligations relating to data privacy or security could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, and may result in claims, liabilities, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities, customers or others. 
 In the United States, there are numerous federal and state data privacy and security laws, rules, and regulations governing the collection, storage, retention, transmission, use, retention, security, transfer, storage, and other processing of personal information, including federal and state data privacy laws, data breach notification laws, and consumer protection laws. For example, the Federal Trade Commission FTC and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of data. Such standards require us to publish statements that describe how we handle personal data and choices individuals may have about the way we handle their personal data. If such information that we publish is considered untrue or inaccurate, we may be subject to government claims of unfair or deceptive trade practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences. Moreover, according to the FTC, violating consumers privacy rights or failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal data secure may constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act. State consumer protection laws provide similar causes of action for unfair or deceptive practices. Some states, such as California and Massachusetts, have passed specific laws mandating reasonable security measures for the handling of consumer data. Further, privacy advocates and industry groups have regularly proposed and sometimes approved, and may propose and approve in the future, self-regulatory standards with which we must legally comply or that contractually apply to us. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Our communications with our customers are subject to certain laws and regulations, including the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (the TCPA ), and the Telemarketing Sales Rule and analogous state laws, that could expose us to significant damages awards, fines and other penalties that could materially impact our business. For example, the TCPA imposes various consumer consent requirements and other restrictions in connection with certain telemarketing activity and other communication with consumers by phone, fax or text message. The CAN-SPAM Act and the Telemarketing Sales Rule and analogous state laws also impose various restrictions on marketing conducted use of email, telephone, fax or text message. As laws and regulations, including FTC enforcement, rapidly evolve to govern the use of these communications and marketing platforms, the failure by us, our employees or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations or subject us to fines or other penalties. 
 In addition, many state legislatures have adopted legislation that regulates how businesses operate online, including measures relating to privacy, data security, and data breaches. Such legislation includes the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which increases privacy rights for California consumers and imposes obligations on companies that process their personal information. Among other things, the CCPA gives California consumers expanded rights related to their personal information, including the right to access and delete their personal information and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used and shared. The CCPA also provides California consumers the right to opt-out of certain sales of personal information and may restrict the use of cookies and similar technologies for advertising purposes. The CCPA prohibits discrimination against individuals who exercise their privacy rights and provides for civil penalties for violations enforceable by the California Attorney General as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information. This private right of action is expected to increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. Additionally, in November 2020, California passed the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), which expands the CCPA significantly, including by expanding California consumers rights with respect to certain personal information and creating a new state agency to oversee implementation and enforcement efforts, potentially resulting in further uncertainty and requiring us to incur additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Many of the CPRA s provisions became effective on January 1, 2023. The costs of compliance with, and the other burdens imposed by, these and other laws or regulatory actions may increase our operational costs, and/or result in interruptions or delays in the availability of systems. 
 
 Other states have enacted similar bills. Four states have passed laws that are now enforceable by such states Attorney General and/or district attorney. The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act VCDPA became enforceable on January 1, 2023 and gives consumers rights similar to the CCPA and also requires covered businesses to implement security measures and conduct data protection assessments. The Colorado Privacy Act CPA became enforceable on July 1, 2023 and closely resembles the VCDPA. The Connecticut Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring Act and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act are also now enforceable. Seven other states passed laws in 2023 that will become enforceable 2024, 2025 and 2026 the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, the Montana Consumer Data Protection Act, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act, the Tennessee Information Protection Act, the Indiana Consumer Data Protection, and the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act. We must comply with these state laws if our operations fall within the scope of these laws, which may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Similar laws have been proposed in other states and at the federal level, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. This legislation may add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk, require additional investment in resources to compliance programs, could impact strategies and availability of previously useful data, and could result in increased compliance costs and/or changes in business practices and policies. 
 In addition, some laws may require us to notify governmental authorities and/or affected individuals of data breaches involving certain personal information or other unauthorized or inadvertent access to or disclosure of such information. We may need to notify governmental authorities and affected individuals with respect to such incidents. For example, laws in all 50 U.S. states may require businesses to provide notice to consumers whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. These laws are not consistent with each other, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach may be difficult and costly. On July 26, 2023, the SEC adopted a suite of new cybersecurity disclosure requirements, including a requirement to disclose material cybersecurity incidents within four business days of the Company s determination that the cybersecurity incident is material. We also may be contractually required to notify consumers or other counterparties of a security incident, including a breach. Regardless of our contractual protections, any actual or perceived security incident or breach, or breach of our contractual obligations, could harm our reputation and brand, expose us to potential liability or require us to expend significant resources on data security and in responding to any such actual or perceived breach. In the EEA, we are subject to the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 GDPR 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 and in the United Kingdom, we are subject to the United Kingdom data protection regime consisting primarily of the UK General Data Protection Regulation and the UK Data Protection Act 2018. The GDPR, and national supplementing legislation in EEA member states, and the United Kingdom regime, impose a strict data protection compliance regime. 
 For example, we are subject to European Union and United Kingdom rules with respect to cross-border transfers of personal data out of the EEA and the United Kingdom, respectively. Recent legal developments in Europe have created complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal information from the EEA and the United Kingdom to the United States. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union CJEU invalidated the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework Privacy Shield under which personal information could be transferred from the EEA to US entities who had self-certified under the Privacy Shield scheme. Use of the standard contractual clauses must be assessed on a case-by-case basis taking into account the legal regime applicable in the destination country, in particular applicable surveillance laws and rights of individuals, and additional measures and/or contractual provisions may need to be put in place. The European Commission has published revised standard contractual clauses for data transfers from the EEA: the revised clauses have been mandatory for relevant transfers since September 27, 2021, and in the United Kingdom, the Information Commissioner s Office has published new data transfer standard contracts for transfers from the UK under the UK GDPR, which are mandatory for relevant transfers from September 21, 2022. On July 10, 2023, the EU-US Data Privacy Framework DPF ), the successor to Privacy Shield, became effective and the European Commission issued an adequacy decision relating to the DPF. These recent developments mean we have to review and may need to change the legal mechanisms by which we transfer data outside of the European Union and United Kingdom, including to the United States. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms, we could suffer additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and/or if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services, and could adversely affect our financial results. 
 We are also subject to evolving EU and UK privacy laws on cookies, tracking technologies and e-marketing. In the EU and the UK under national laws derived from the ePrivacy Directive, informed consent is required for the placement of a cookie or similar technologies on a user s device and for direct electronic marketing to individuals (as opposed to businesses). The current national laws that implement the ePrivacy Directive are highly likely to be replaced across the EU (but not directly in the UK) by an EU regulation known as the ePrivacy Regulation which will significantly increase fines for non-compliance. Recent European court and regulatory decisions, as well as actions by NYOB (a not-for-profit privacy activist group), are driving increased attention to cookies and tracking technologies, and if this continues, this could lead to substantial costs, require significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing activities, increase costs and subject us to additional liabilities. 
 We are subject to the supervision of local data protection authorities in the United Kingdom and those EEA jurisdictions where we are established or otherwise subject to the GDPR. Fines for certain breaches of the GDPR and the UK data protection regime are significant: up to the greater of 20 million / 17.5 million or 4 of total global annual turnover. In addition to the foregoing, a breach of the GDPR or UK GDPR could result in regulatory investigations, reputational damage, orders to cease/ change our processing of our data, enforcement notices, and/ or assessment notices (for a compulsory audit). We may also face civil claims including representative actions and other class action type litigation (where individuals have suffered harm), potentially amounting to significant compensation or damages liabilities, as well as associated costs, diversion of internal resources, and reputational harm. 
 Outside of the US and EU, many countries and territories have laws, regulations, or other requirements relating to privacy, data protection, information security, localized storage of data, and consumer protection, and new countries and territories are adopting such legislation or other obligations with increasing frequency. Many of these laws may require consent from consumers for the use of data for various purposes, including marketing, which may reduce our ability to market our products. There is no harmonized approach to these laws and regulations globally. Consequently, we would increase our risk of non-compliance with applicable foreign data protection laws by expanding internationally. We may need to change and limit the way we use personal information in operating our business and may have difficulty maintaining a single operating model that is compliant. 
 Further, because we accept debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, or the PCI Standard, issued by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council, with respect to payment card information. The PCI Standard contains compliance guidelines with our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of cardholder data. Compliance with the PCI Standard and implementing related procedures, technology and information security measures requires significant resources and ongoing attention. Costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 and technology, such as those necessary to achieve compliance with the PCI Standard or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. Any material interruptions or failures in our payment-related systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If there are amendments to the PCI Standard, the cost of recompliance could also be substantial and we may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our operations as a result. If we are unable to comply with the security standards established by banks and the payment card industry, we may be subject to fines, restrictions, and expulsion from card acceptance programs, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Lastly, the global landscape of artificial intelligence (AI) legislation and regulation is rapidly evolving as governments and regulatory bodies seek to balance innovation with ethical considerations, privacy, security, and accountability. In the European Union, the proposed AI Act represents a comprehensive effort to regulate AI, focusing on risk-based categories and setting strict requirements for high-risk applications. The United States, while lacking a unified federal framework, has seen regulatory guidance from agencies like the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and sector-specific policies addressing AI's ethical use. China has also introduced regulations aimed at enhancing data security and the ethical development of AI, emphasizing the importance of controlling AI's social impacts. Elsewhere, countries like the United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia are developing frameworks that address AI governance, ethics, and safety standards. As global AI regulations continue to evolve and expand, legislation could impose significant compliance costs and operational challenges on our business. Should we fail to adhere to these emerging standards and requirements, we could face legal penalties, operational restrictions, and potentially severe reputational damage. This evolving regulatory landscape underscores the importance of proactive compliance and strategic planning to mitigate risks associated with AI deployment, ensuring that our business operations remain resilient and competitive in a rapidly changing legal environment. 
 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our posted privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to users or other third parties, or any other legal obligations or regulatory requirements relating to privacy, data protection, or data security, may result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions, litigation (including customer class actions), claims, or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could result in significant liability, cause our users to lose trust in us, and otherwise materially and adversely affect our reputation and business. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, other obligations, and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our users may limit the adoption and use of, and reduce the overall demand for, our platform. Additionally, if third parties we work with violate applicable laws, regulations, or contractual obligations, such violations may put our users data at risk, could result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions, fines, litigation, claims, or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could result in significant liability, cause our users to lose trust in us, and otherwise materially and adversely affect our reputation and business. 
 Our products are highly technical and may contain undetected software bugs or hardware errors, which could manifest in ways that could seriously harm our reputation and our business. 
 Our products and services are highly technical and complex. Our platform and any products we may introduce in the future may contain undetected software bugs, hardware errors, and other vulnerabilities. These bugs and errors can manifest in any number of ways in our products and services, including through diminished performance, security vulnerabilities, malfunctions, or even permanently disabled products. We have a practice of rapidly updating our products and some errors in our products may be discovered only after a product has been shipped and used by customers. Any errors, bugs or vulnerabilities discovered in our code after release could damage our reputation, drive away customers, lower revenue, and expose us to damages claims, any of which could seriously harm our business. 
 We could also face claims for product liability, tort, or breach of warranty. In addition, our contracts with subscribers contain provisions relating to warranty disclaimers and liability limitations, which may not be upheld. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, is costly and may divert management s attention and seriously harm our reputation and business. In addition, if our liability insurance coverage proves inadequate or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our business could be seriously harmed. 
 Our products contain third-party open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to deliver our platform or subject us to litigation or other actions. 
 Our products contain software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under open source licenses, and we expect to continue to incorporate such open source software in our products in the future. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 not provide support, warranties, indemnification, or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our platform. 
 Some open source licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the type of open source software we use, or grant other licenses to our intellectual property. We seek to ensure that our proprietary software is not combined with, and does not incorporate, open source software in ways that would require the release of the source code of our proprietary software to the public. However, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors or new entrants to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Alternatively, to avoid the public release of the affected portions of our source code, we could be required to expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software. Our platform incorporates software that is licensed under open source licenses which could require release of proprietary code if such platform was released or distributed in any manner that would trigger such a requirement to third parties. We take steps to ensure that our platform is not released or distributed. Additionally, some open source projects have vulnerabilities and architectural instabilities and are provided without warranties or support services to actively provide us patched versions when available , and which, if not properly addressed, could negatively affect the performance of our platform. 
 Although we have certain processes in place to monitor and manage our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our platform to conditions we do not intend, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our platform. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the ownership of open source software against companies that incorporate open source software into their platform, and the licensors of such open source software provide no warranties or indemnities with respect to such claims. As a result, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software. Moreover, we cannot assure you that our processes for monitoring and managing our use of open source software in our platform will be effective. If we are held to have breached or failed to fully comply with all the terms and conditions of an open source software license, or if an author or other third party that distributes such open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations, could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from the sale of subscriptions to our platform or other liability, or be required to seek costly licenses from third parties to continue providing our platform on terms that , if available at all, are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our platform, to discontinue or delay the provision of our platform if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis, or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our future growth and success are dependent upon the continuing rapid adoption of spatial data. 
 Our future growth is highly dependent upon the adoption of spatial data by businesses and consumers. The market for spatial data is relatively new and rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, competitive pricing and other competitive factors, evolving government regulation and industry standards and changing consumer demands and behaviors. Although demand for spatial data has grown in recent years, there is no guarantee that such growth will continue. If the market for spatial data develops more slowly than expected, or if demand for spatial data decreases, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results would be harmed. 
 The spatial data market is characterized by rapid technological change, which requires us to continue to develop new services, products and service and product innovations. Any delays in such development could adversely affect market adoption of our products and services and could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 Continuing technological changes in spatial data could adversely affect adoption of spatial data and/or our platform or products. Our future success will depend upon our ability to develop and introduce new capabilities and innovations to our platform and other existing product offerings, as well as introduce new product offerings, to address the changing needs of the spatial data market. 
 As the market for spatial data changes, we may need to upgrade or adapt our platform and introduce new products and services in order to serve our customers, which could involve substantial expense. Even if we are able to keep pace with changes in technology and develop new products and services, our research and development expenses could increase, our gross margins could be adversely affected in some periods and our prior products could become obsolete more quickly than expected. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 We cannot assure that any new products and services will be released in a timely manner, or at all, or achieve market acceptance. Delays in delivering new products and services that meet customer needs could damage our relationships with customers and lead them to seek alternative products or services. Delays in introducing products and innovations or the failure to offer innovative products or services at competitive prices may cause our subscribers to use our competitors products or services. 
 If we are unable to devote adequate resources to develop products or cannot otherwise successfully develop products or services that meet customer needs on a timely basis, our platform and other products could lose market share, our revenue could decline, we may experience higher operating losses and our business and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 We may need to defend against intellectual property infringement or misappropriation claims, which may be time-consuming and expensive, and adversely affect our business. 
 Technology companies are frequently subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. From time to time, the holders of intellectual property rights have previously and may in the future assert their rights and urge us to take licenses, and/or bring suits alleging infringement or misappropriation of such rights. There can be no assurance that we will be able to mitigate the risk of potential suits or other legal demands by such third parties. Although we may have meritorious defenses, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in defending against these allegations or in reaching business resolutions that are satisfactory to us. In addition, if we are determined to have infringed, or believe there is a high likelihood that we have infringed upon a third party s intellectual property rights, we may be required to cease making, selling or incorporating key components or intellectual property into the products and services we offer, to pay substantial damages and/or royalties, to redesign our products and services, and/or to establish and maintain alternative branding. Any litigation may also involve non-practicing entities or other adverse patent owners that have no relevant solution revenue, and therefore, our patent portfolio may provide little or no deterrence as we would not be able to assert our patents against such entities or individuals. To the extent that our subscribers and business partners become the subject of allegations or claims regarding the infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights related to our products and services, we have previously and may in the future be required to indemnify such subscribers and business partners. For example, we are currently indemnifying our client Redfin Corporation in a lawsuit brought by Appliance Computing III d/b/a Surefield. Specifically, Appliance Computing III d/b/a Surefield has asserted that Redfin s use of our 3D-Walkthrough technology infringes four patents. The matter went to jury trial in May 2022 and resulted in a jury verdict finding that Redfin had not infringed upon any of the asserted patent claims and that all asserted patent claims were invalid. Final judgment was entered on August 15, 2022. On September 12, 2022, Surefield filed post trial motions seeking to reverse the jury verdict. Redfin has filed oppositions to the motions. In addition, on May 16, 2022, the Company filed a declaratory judgment action against Appliance Computing III, Inc., d/b/a Surefield, seeking a declaratory judgment that the Company had not infringed upon the four patents asserted against Redfin and one additional, related patent. The matter is pending in the Western District of Washington and captioned Matterport, Inc. v. Appliance Computing III, Inc. d/b/a Surefield, Case No. 2:22-cv-00669 (W.D. Wash.). Surefield has filed a motion to dismiss or in the alternative transfer the case to the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas. The Company filed an opposition to the motion. On August 28, 2023, the Court denied Surefield s motion to dismiss the Washington case but stayed the action pending the resolution of the Texas case. 
 Our agreements with customers, channel partners and certain vendors include indemnification provisions under which we agree to indemnify them for losses suffered or incurred as a result of claims of intellectual property infringement pertaining to our products and technology. Some of these indemnity agreements provide for uncapped liability and some indemnity provisions survive termination or expiration of the applicable agreement. Any claim of infringement by a third party, even one without merit, whether against us or for which we are required to provide indemnification, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim, could distract our management from our business, and could require us to cease use of such intellectual property or develop a non-infringing design-around. Further, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, we risk compromising our confidential information during this type of litigation. Any dispute with a customer with respect to these intellectual property indemnification obligations could have adverse effects on our relationship with that customer and other existing or new customers, and harm our business and operating results. We may be required to make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement fees, damages, royalties, or other fees in connection with a claimant securing a judgment against us, we may be subject to an injunction or other restrictions that cause us to cease selling subscriptions to our products, we may be subject to an injunction or other restrictions that cause us to rebrand or otherwise cease using certain trademarks in specified jurisdictions, or we may be required to redesign any allegedly infringing portion of our products or we may agree to a settlement that prevents us from distributing our platform or a portion thereof, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, although we carry insurance, our insurance may not be 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed, or otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages, and any such coverage may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
 Even if we are not a party to any litigation between a subscriber or business partner and a third party relating to infringement by our products, an adverse outcome in any such litigation could make it more difficult for us to defend our products against intellectual property infringement claims in subsequent litigation in which we are a named party. If we are required to take one or more such actions, our business, prospects, brand, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs, negative publicity and diversion of resources and management attention. 
 With respect to any intellectual property rights claim, we may have to seek a license to continue operations that are found or alleged to violate such rights. Such licenses may not be available, or if available, may not be available on favorable or commercially reasonable terms and may significantly increase our operating expenses. Some licenses may be non-exclusive, and therefore our competitors may have access to the same technology licensed to us. If a third party does not offer us a license to its intellectual property on reasonable terms, or at all, we may be required to develop alternative, non-infringing technology, which could require significant time (during which we would be unable to continue to offer our affected offerings), effort and expense and may ultimately not be successful. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to protect our spatial data technology and intellectual property from unauthorized use by third parties. 
 Our success depends, at least in part, on our ability to protect our core spatial data technology and intellectual property. To accomplish this, we rely on, and plan to continue relying on, a combination of patents, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, copyright, trademarks, intellectual property licenses and other contractual rights to retain ownership of, and protect, our technology. Such agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property or technology and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property or technology, and we may fail to consistently obtain, police and enforce such agreements. Failure to adequately protect our technology and intellectual property could result in competitors offering similar products, potentially resulting in the loss of some of our competitive advantage and a decrease in revenue, which would adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 The measures we take to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use by others may not be effective for various reasons, including the following: 
 any patent applications we submit may not result in the issuance of patents; 
 the scope of issued patents may not be broad enough to protect proprietary rights; 
 any issued patents may be challenged by competitors and/or invalidated by courts or governmental authorities; 
 the costs associated with enforcing patents or other intellectual property rights may make aggressive enforcement impracticable; 
 current and future competitors may circumvent patents or independently develop similar proprietary designs or technologies; and 
 know-how and other proprietary information we purport to hold as a trade secret may not qualify as a trade secret under applicable laws. 
 Patent, trademark, and trade secret laws vary significantly throughout the world. Some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States, and effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which we operate or intend to operate our business. Further, policing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions may be difficult or impossible. Therefore, our intellectual property rights may not be as strong or as easily enforced outside of the United States. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Changes to applicable U.S. tax laws and regulations or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our business and future profitability. 
 We are a U.S. corporation that will be subject to U.S. corporate income tax on our worldwide operations. Moreover, most of our operations and customers are located in the United States, and as a result, we are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local taxes. New U.S. laws and policy relating to taxes may have an adverse effect on our business and future profitability. Further, existing U.S. tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. 
 As a result of plans to expand our business operations, including to jurisdictions in which tax laws may not be favorable, our tax rates may fluctuate, tax obligations may become significantly more complex and subject to greater risk of examination by taxing authorities and we may be subject to future changes in tax law, the impacts of which could adversely affect our after-tax profitability and financial results. 
 In the event that our business expands domestically or internationally, our effective tax rates may fluctuate widely in the future. Future effective tax rates could be affected by operating losses in jurisdictions where no tax benefit can be recorded under U.S. law, changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws. Factors that could materially affect our future effective tax rates include, but are not limited to: 
 
 changes in tax laws or the regulatory environment; 
 changes in accounting and tax standards or practices; 
 changes in the composition of operating income by tax jurisdiction and pre-tax operating results of our business; 
 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 
 expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; 
 tax effects of stock-based compensation; 
 costs related to intercompany restructurings; 
 changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof; or 
 lower than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory tax rates. 
 In addition, we have been and may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by taxing authorities. Outcomes of these audits could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in the United States and may become subject to taxation in numerous additional state, local and non-U.S. jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Our after-tax profitability and financial results could be subject to volatility or be affected by numerous factors, including the following: 
 the availability of tax deductions, credits, exemptions, refunds and other benefits to reduce tax liabilities, 
 changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if any, 
 expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances, the tax treatment of stock-based compensation, 
 changes in the relative amount of earnings subject to tax in the various jurisdictions, 
 the potential business expansion into, or otherwise becoming subject to tax in, additional jurisdictions, 
 changes to existing intercompany structure (and any costs related thereto) and business operations, 
 the extent of intercompany transactions and the extent to which taxing authorities in relevant jurisdictions respect those intercompany transactions and 
 the ability to structure business operations in an efficient and competitive manner. 
 Outcomes of audits or examinations by taxing authorities could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition. Additionally, the IRS and several foreign tax authorities have increasingly focused attention on 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 intercompany transfer pricing with respect to sales of products and services and the use of intangibles. Tax authorities could disagree with our intercompany charges, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing or other matters and assess additional taxes. If we do not prevail in any such disagreements, our profitability may be affected. 
 Our after-tax profitability and financial results may also be adversely affected by changes in relevant tax laws and tax rates, treaties, regulations, administrative practices and principles, judicial decisions and interpretations thereof, in each case, possibly with retroactive effect. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had 360.8 million of U.S. federal and 202.3 million of state net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income. Certain of these carryforwards may be carried forward indefinitely for U.S. federal tax purposes, while others are subject to expiration beginning in 2031. It is possible that we will not generate taxable income in time to use all or a portion of these net operating loss carryforwards before their expiration or at all. Under legislative changes made in December 2017, U.S. federal net operating losses incurred in 2018 and in future years may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such net operating losses is limited. In addition, our net operating loss carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the IRS, and state tax authorities. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards and certain other attributes, such as research tax credits, may be subject to significant limitations under Section 382 and Section 383 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), respectively, and similar provisions of U.S. state law. Under those sections of the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change attributes to offset its post-change income or tax may be limited. In general, an ownership change would occur if the percentage of our equity interests held by one or more of our 5-percent shareholders (as such term is used in Section 382 of the Code) increased by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of our equity held by such 5-percent shareholders at any time during the relevant testing period (usually three years). Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. We have not undertaken an analysis of whether the Merger constituted an ownership change for purposes of Section 382 and Section 383 of the U.S. Tax Code. Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities may be limited as a result of ownership changes, including potential changes in connection with the Merger (as defined herein) or other transactions. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has not undertaken any analyses in respect of Section 382 to determine the annual limitation and if any of the tax attributes are subject to a permanent limitation. 
 Failure to comply with laws relating to employment could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 We are subject to various employment-related laws in the jurisdictions in which our employees are based. We face risks if we fail to comply with applicable United States federal or state employment laws, or employment laws applicable to our employees outside of the United States. In addition, we implemented a reduction in force and furloughed employees in 2020, and the attendant layoffs and/or furloughs could create an additional risk of claims being made on behalf of affected employees. Any violation of applicable wage laws or other employment-related laws could result in complaints by current or former employees, adverse media coverage, investigations, and damages or penalties which could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, business, operating results and prospects. In addition, responding to any such proceedings may result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources, significant defense costs, and other professional fees. 
 Changes in laws, regulations or rules, or a failure to comply with any laws, regulations or rules, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 
 We are subject to laws, regulations and rules enacted by national, regional and local governments and Nasdaq. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC, Nasdaq and other legal or regulatory requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations and rules may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws, regulations or rules and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

26 

Table of Contents 

 The warrants are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value reported in our earnings, which could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and/or an adverse effect on our financial results. 
 
 Management evaluated the terms of the warrants issued, including the private placement warrants Private Placement Warrants and the publicly-traded warrants Public Warrants, together with the Private Placement Warrants, the Warrants in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Only 1.7 million Private Placement Warrants to purchase common stock remained outstanding as of December 31, 2023. We concluded that the Warrants are accounted for as a derivative liability and that derivative liability was recorded at fair value at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and at the earlier of each balance sheet date, or the exercised or redemption date thereafter, as determined based upon a valuation report obtained from an independent third-party valuation firm. Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. For example, for the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized non-cash losses on the change in fair value of approximately 0.5 million on the Warrants. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and/or our financial results. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our financial condition and results of operations are likely to fluctuate on a quarterly basis in future periods, which could cause our results for a particular period to fall below expectations, resulting in a decline in the price of our common stock. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations have fluctuated in the past and may continue to fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our results may vary from period to period as a result of fluctuations in the number of subscribers using our products as well as fluctuations in the timing and amount of our expenses. As a result, comparing our results of operations on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and the results of any one period should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. In addition to the other risks described herein, the following factors could also cause our financial condition and results of operations to fluctuate on a quarterly basis: 
 our ability to attract new subscribers and retain existing subscribers, including in a cost-effective manner; 
 our ability to accurately forecast revenue and losses and appropriately plan our expenses; 
 the timing of new product introductions, which can initially have lower gross margins; 
 the effects of increased competition on our business; 
 our ability to successfully maintain our position in and expand in existing markets as well as successfully enter new markets; 
 our ability to protect our existing intellectual property and to create new intellectual property; 
 supply chain interruptions and manufacturing or delivery delays; 
 the length of the installation cycle for a particular location or market; 
 disruptions in sales, production, service or other business activities or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel; and 
 the impact of, and changes in, governmental or other regulation affecting our business. 
 Fluctuations in operating results and cash flow could, among other things, give rise to short-term liquidity issues. In addition, revenue and other operating results in future quarters may fall short of the expectations of investors and financial analysts, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to finance the further development and expansion of our business and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and future agreements and financing instruments, business prospects and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 General Risk Factors 
 Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly and could fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors due to seasonality and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, resulting in a decline in our stock price. 
 Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly because of several factors, including: 
 labor availability and costs for hourly and management personnel; 
 profitability of our products, especially in new markets and due to seasonal fluctuations; 
 changes in interest rates; 
 impairment of long-lived assets; 
 macroeconomic conditions, both nationally and locally; 
 negative publicity relating to products we serve; 
 changes in consumer preferences and competitive conditions; 
 expansion to new markets; and 
 fluctuations in commodity prices. 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile and could decline significantly. 
 The stock markets, including Nasdaq, on which we list our shares of common stock under the symbol MTTR, have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. Even if an active, liquid and orderly trading market develops and is sustained for our common stock, the market price of our common stock may be volatile and could decline significantly. In addition, the trading volume of our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our common stock declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares at an attractive price (or at all). We cannot assure you that the market price of our common stock will not fluctuate widely or decline significantly in the future in response to a number of factors, including, among others, the following: 
 the realization of any of the risk factors presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A; 
 actual or anticipated differences in our estimates, or in the estimates of analysts, for our revenues, results of operations, level of indebtedness, liquidity or financial condition; 
 additions and departures of key personnel; 
 failure to comply with the requirements of Nasdaq; 
 failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or other laws or regulations; 
 future issuances, sales, resales or repurchases or anticipated issuances, sales, resales or repurchases, of our securities; 
 publication of research reports about us; 
 the performance and market valuations of other similar companies; 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 
 broad disruptions in the financial markets, including sudden disruptions in the credit markets; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 actual, potential or perceived control, accounting or reporting problems; 
 changes in accounting principles, policies and guidelines; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from infectious diseases, health epidemics and pandemics, natural disasters, war, acts of terrorism or responses to these events. 
 In the past, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their shares. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our common stock adversely, then the price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on us. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, our stock price and trading volume would likely be negatively impacted. If any of the analysts who cover us change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our common stock would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 Future issuances of debt securities and equity securities may adversely affect us, including the market price of our common stock and may be dilutive to existing stockholders. 
 In the future, we may incur debt or issue equity-ranking senior to our common stock. Those securities will generally have priority upon liquidation. Such securities also may be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting its operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock. Because our decision to issue debt or equity in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, nature or success of our future capital raising efforts. As a result, future capital raising efforts may reduce the market price of our common stock and be dilutive to existing stockholders. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), the rules and regulations of Nasdaq, and other securities rules and regulations that impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel devote substantial time and resources to comply with these rules and regulations. Such compliance has increased, and will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs; make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls, internal control over financial reporting and other procedures that are designed to ensure information required to be disclosed by us in our consolidated financial statements and in the reports that we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. 
 
 Our current controls and any new controls we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions of our business. Additionally, to the extent we acquire other businesses, each acquired company may not have a sufficiently robust system of internal controls, and we may uncover new deficiencies. Weaknesses in our internal controls may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could harm our results of operations, may result in a restatement of our consolidated financial statements for prior periods, may cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, could result in an adverse opinion regarding our internal control over financial reporting from our independent registered public accounting firm, and may lead to investigations or sanctions by regulatory authorities. 
 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires our management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We are also required to have our independent registered public accounting firm attest to, and issue an opinion on, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if, when required, our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and if we are not able to remediate the material weakness, or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to design and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, then we may be unable to accurately report our results of operations, meet our reporting obligations or prevent misstatements due to fraud or error. 
 As disclosed in Part II, Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have concluded that due to the material weakness, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports required to be filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 If we fail to design and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, there could be material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements that we may not be able to prevent or detect on a timely basis and fail to meet our reporting obligations, which would likely cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. This could limit our access to capital markets, adversely affect our results of operations and lead to a decline in the trading price of our common stock. Additionally, ineffective internal control over financial reporting could expose us to an increased risk of fraud or misappropriation of assets and subject us to potential delisting from the stock exchange on which we list or to other regulatory investigations and civil or criminal sanctions. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: 
 59 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 64 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 65 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Matterport, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Matterport, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 , and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income (loss), of redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit) and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023 , including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company did not maintain, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO because a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting existed as of that date related to ineffective design and maintenance of controls to ensure allegations received outside of the whistleblower program are evaluated and communicated to those responsible for financial reporting and those charged with governance in a timely fashion. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness referred to above is described in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. We considered this material weakness in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the December 31, 2023 consolidated financial statements, and our opinion regarding the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting does not affect our opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Restatement of Management s Conclusion Regarding Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management and we previously concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 . However, management has subsequently determined that a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to ineffective design and maintenance of controls to ensure allegations received outside of the whistleblower program are evaluated and communicated to those responsible for financial reporting and those charged with governance in a timely fashion existed as of that date. Accordingly, management s report has been restated and our present opinion on internal control over financial reporting, as presented herein, is different from that expressed in our previous report. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in 2022. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in management s report referred to above. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition - Subscription, Services, and Product Revenue 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue from subscription, license, services and sale of products. The Company s total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 157.7 million, of which subscription, services, and product revenue was 157.6 million. The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of goods or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. 
 The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition of subscription, services, and product revenue is a critical audit matter is a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls over the recognition of subscription, services, and product revenue as the amount of consideration expected in exchange for goods or services. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing the completeness, accuracy, and occurrence of revenue recognized for a sample of revenue transactions by obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as contracts, purchase orders, invoices, proof of shipment or delivery, and subsequent payment receipts and (ii) performing subsequent receipts testing for a sample of outstanding customer invoice balances as of December 31, 2023 and, for invoices not yet paid, obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as contracts, purchase orders, invoices, and proof of shipment or delivery. 
 
 /s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 February 27, 2024, except with respect to our opinion on internal control over financial reporting insofar as it relates to the effects of the matter discussed in the penultimate paragraph of Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, as to which the date is November 22, 2024 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 MATTERPORT INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 ASSETS 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 
 Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Long-term investments Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets 
 Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Current liabilities 
 Accounts payable 
 Deferred revenue 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 Warrants liability Deferred revenue, non-current 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 
 par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022; and liquidation preference of as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Stockholders equity: 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively; and shares and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Accumulated deficit 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenue: 
 Subscription 
 License 
 Services 
 Product 
 Total revenue 
 Costs of revenue: 
 Subscription 
 License 
 Services 
 Product 
 Total costs of revenue 
 Gross profit 
 Operating expenses: 
 Research and development 
 Selling, general, and administrative 
 Total operating expenses 
 Loss from operations 
 ) ) ) Other income (expense): 
 Interest income 
 Interest expense 
 ) Transaction costs 
 ) Change in fair value of warrants liability 
 ) Change in fair value of contingent earn-out liability ) Other income (expense), net 
 ) ) Total other income (expense) 
 ) Loss before provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 ) Net loss 
 ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 Weighted-average shares used in per share calculation, basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: 
 Foreign currency translation loss 
 ) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net of tax 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (In thousands) Redeemable Convertible 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (loss) 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 Shares (1) 
 Amount Shares (1) 
 Amount Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Conversion of convertible note to Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock ) ) Issuance of Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock to a customer Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon exercise of legacy Matterport common stock warrants Issuance of common stock upon the reverse recapitalization, net of transaction costs Issuance of common stock upon exercise of public and private warrants Earn-out liability recognized upon the closing of the reverse recapitalization ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with employee equity incentive plans, net of tax withholding ) ) Issuance of common stock upon the reverse recapitalization, net of transaction costs Issuance of common stock to a customer Issuance of common stock upon exercise of public warrants Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisitions Issuance of earn-out shares upon triggering events, net of tax withholding ) ) Earn-out liability recognized upon the re-allocation ) ) Reclassification of remaining contingent earn-out liability upon triggering events Stock-based compensation Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Issuance of common stock in connection with employee equity incentive plans, net of tax withholding Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisitions Stock-based compensation Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 ) 
 established in the Merger as described in Note 3. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 Net Loss 
 ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 Amortization of investment premiums, net of accretion of discounts ) Investment impairment Stock-based compensation, net of amounts capitalized 
 Cease use of certain leased facilities 
 Change in fair value of warrants liability 
 ) ) Change in fair value of contingent earn-out liability ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Transaction costs Loss on extinguishment of debt and convertible notes 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 Loss of excess inventory and purchase obligation Other 
 ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of businesses acquired: 
 Accounts receivable 
 ) ) Inventories 
 ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 ) ) Accounts payable 
 ) ) Deferred revenue 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 ) Net cash used in operating activities 
 ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
 Purchases of property and equipment 
 ) ) ) Capitalized software and development costs 
 ) ) ) Purchase of investments ) ) ) Maturities of investments Investment in convertible notes 
 ) Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
 Proceeds from reverse recapitalization and PIPE financing, net Payment of transaction costs related to reverse recapitalization 
 ) Proceeds from sales of shares through employee equity incentive plans 
 Payments for taxes related to net settlement of equity awards ) ) Proceeds from exercise of warrants Repayment of debt 
 ) Other Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 
 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 
 Cash paid for interest 
 Cash paid for taxes 
 Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing information 
 Earn-out liability recognized upon the re-allocation Reclassification of remaining contingent Earn-out liability upon triggering events Common stock issued in connection with acquisition Unpaid cash consideration in connection with acquisition 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 
 2. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

No customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s total accounts receivable at December 31, 2023 and 2022. No customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 million a nd million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, are also considered cash equivalents because they are both short-term and highly-liquid in nature and are typically converted to cash approximately to business days from the date of the underlying transaction. 
 
 The allowance for doubtful accounts was million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

42 

Table of Contents 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company recorded a provision for excess and obsolete inventor y of million, million, and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. T he Company also recorded a liability of million and million respectively, a s of December 31, 2023 and 2022 , arising from firm, non-cancelable, and unhedged inventory purchase commitments in excess of anticipated demand or net realizable value consistent with its valuation of excess and obsolete inventory. Such liability was included in accrued and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Both provision for excess and obs olete and accrued loss on firm inventory purchase commitments were recorded in cost of product revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 - years 
 Furniture and fixtures years 
 Capitalized software and development costs years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of remaining lease term or years 

43 

Table of Contents 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company did recognize any impairment losses on goodwill, intangible assets, or other long-lived assets for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Refer to Note 8. Fair Value Measurements for additional information. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company and Gores incurred million and million transaction costs, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The total transaction cost for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million, consisting of underwriting, legal, and other professional fees, of which million was recorded to additional paid-in capital as a reduction of proceeds and the remaining million was expensed immediately upon the Closing. 
 
 , million, and million of acquisition-related costs for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 

45 

Table of Contents 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million shares Earn-out Shares of the Company s Class A c ommon stock, par value per share Class A common stock upon the Company achieving certain Earn-out Triggering Events during the Earn-out Period (as described in Note 14 Contingent Earn-Out Awards ). 
 In accordance with ASC 815-40, Earn-out Shares issuable to Legacy Matterport common stockholders in respect of such common stock are not solely indexed to the common stock and therefore are accounted for as contingent earn-out liability on the consolidated balance sheet at the reverse recapitalization date and subsequently remeasured at each reporting date with changes in fair value recorded as a component of other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. If the applicable triggering event is achieved for a tranche, the Company will reclassify the outstanding earn-out liability to additional paid-in capital upon triggering event and account for the Earn-out Shares for such tranche as issued and outstanding common stock upon the share release. 
 Earn-out Shares issuable to certain holders of Legacy Matterport stock options and RSUs in respect of such stock options and RSUs (the Earn-out Awards are subject to forfeiture and are accounted for in accordance with ASC 718. The Company measures and recognizes stock-compensation expense based on the fair value of the Earn-out Awards over the derived service period for each tranche. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. 
 Upon the forfeiture of Earn-out Shares issuable to any eligible holder of Legacy Matterport stock options and RSUs, the forfeited Earn-out awards are subject to reallocation and grant on a pro rata basis to the remaining eligible Legacy Matterport stockholders and stock options and RSUs holders. The reallocated issuable shares to Legacy Matterport common stockholders are recognized as contingent earn-out liability, and the reallocated issuable shares to Legacy Matterport stock options and RSUs holders are recognized as stock-based compensation over the remaining derived service period based on the fair value on the date of the reallocation. 
 The estimated fair value of the Earn-out Shares is allocated proportionally to contingent earn-out liability and the grant date fair value of the Earn-out Awards. The estimated fair value of the Earn-out Shares is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation prioritizing the most reliable information available. The assumptions utilized in the calculation are based on the achievement of certain stock price milestones, including the current price of shares of Class A common stock, expected volatility, risk-free rate, expected term and dividend rate. The contingent earn-out liability is categorized as a Level 3 fair value measurement because the Company estimates projections during the Earn-out Period utilizing unobservable inputs. See Note 8 Fair Value Measurement and Note 14 Contingent Earn-Out Awards for additional information. 
 
 Earn-out Triggering Events occurred as of January 18, 2022, which resulted in the Company issuing an aggregate of million Earn-out Shares to the eligible Legacy Matterport stockholders and Legacy Matterport RSU and stock option holders, which reflects the withholding of approximately million Earn-out Shares to cover tax obligations. Refer to Note 14 Contingent Earn-out Awards and Note 15 Stock Plan for additional information. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

47 

Table of Contents 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Deferred commission, net was million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. 
 
 Advertising expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

48 

Table of Contents 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

49 

Table of Contents 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

50 

Table of Contents 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

3. 
 million, including the contribution of million of cash held in Gores trust account from its initial public offering and an aggregate purchase price of million in a private placement pursuant to the subscription agreements Private Investment in Public Equity or PIPE at per share of Gores Class A common stock. The Company paid million to Gores stockholders who redeemed Gores Class A common stock immediately prior to the Closing. The Company and Gores incurred million and million transaction costs, respectively. The total transaction cost was million, consisting of underwriting, legal, and other professional fees, of which million was recorded to additional paid-in capital as a reduction of proceeds and the remaining million was expensed immediately upon the Closing. The aggregate consideration paid to Legacy Matterport stockholders in connection with the Merger (excluding any potential Earn-Out Shares), was shares of the Company Class A common stock, par value per share. The per share Matterport stock consideration was equal to approximately (the Exchange Ratio ). 
 The following transactions were completed concurrently upon the Closing: 
 
 immediately prior to the Closing, shares of Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock of Legacy Matterport were issued to a customer of Legacy Matterport. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of the Matterport Class A common stock; 
 each Legacy Matterport warrant was exercised in full in exchange for the issuance of shares of Matterport Class A common stock to the holder of such Matterport warrant; 
 each issued and outstanding share of Legacy Matterport common stock (including the items mentioned in above points) was canceled and converted into the right to receive an aggregate number of shares of Matterport Class A common stock equal to the per share Matterport stock consideration; 
 each outstanding vested and unvested Legacy Matterport common stock option was converted into a rollover option, exercisable for shares of Matterport Class A common stock with the same terms except for the number of shares exercisable and the exercise price, each of which was adjusted using the Per Share Matterport stock consideration; and 
 each outstanding and unvested Legacy Matterport RSU was converted into a rollover RSU for shares of Matterport Class A common stock with the same terms except for the number of shares, which were adjusted using the per share Matterport stock consideration 
 The Merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Under this method of accounting, Gores was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. This determination was primarily based on holders of Matterport capital stock comprising a relative majority of the voting power of the combined entity upon consummation of the Merger and having the ability to nominate the majority of the governing body of the combined entity, Matterport s senior management comprising the senior management of the combined entity, and Matterport s operations comprising the ongoing operations of the combined entity. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the financial statements of the combined entity upon consummation of the Merger represented a continuation of the financial statements of Matterport with the Merger being treated as the equivalent of Matterport issuing stock for the net assets of Gores, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Gores are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Merger are presented as those of Matterport in future reports of the combined entity. All periods prior to the Merger have been retroactively adjusted using the Exchange Ratio for the equivalent number of shares outstanding immediately after the Merger to effect the reverse recapitalization. 
 Public Stockholders of Gores Initial Stockholders (defined below) of Class F Common Stock (2) 
 PIPE Investors (3) 
 Total 
 (1) Excludes shares of Class A common stock issuable in earn-out arrangement as they are not issuable until days after the Closing and are contingently issuable based upon the triggering events that have not yet been achieved. 
 (2) Represents shares of Class A common stock issued into which shares of Class F common stock, par value of per share, of the Company were converted upon the consummation of the Merger. Excludes shares of Class A common stock purchased under the Sponsor Subscription Agreement and excludes shares of Class A common stock purchased by the Initial Stockholders (excluding the Sponsor) in the PIPE. Gores Holdings VI Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Mr. Randall Bort, Ms. Elizabeth Marcellino and Ms. Nancy Tellem, Gores independent directors, are collectively noted as Initial Stockholders. 
 (3) Includes the Initial Stockholders ownership of shares of Class A common stock purchased under the Sponsor Subscription Agreement and includes shares of Class A common stock purchased by the Initial Stockholders (excluding the Sponsor) in the PIPE. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

4. 
 
 International 
 Total revenue 
 
 No country other than the United States accounted for more than 10 of the Company s revenue for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The geographical revenue information is determined by the ship-to address of the products and the billing address of the cust omers of the services. 
 Point-in-time revenue 
 Total 
 
 Contract Asset and Liability Balances Contract assets consist of unbilled accounts receivable and are recorded when revenue is recognized in advance of scheduled billings. The timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing to customers and this timing difference results in contract liabilities (deferred revenue) on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 Unbilled accounts receivable 
 Deferred revenue 
 
 During fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company recognized revenue of million, million, and million that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the fiscal year, respectively. Contracted but unsatisfied performance obligations were million and million at the end of fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively and consisted of deferred revenue and backlog. The contracted but unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations expected to be recognized over the next months at the end of fiscal year 2023 were million and the remaining obligations are expected to be recognized thereafter. 

53 

Table of Contents 
 MATTERPORT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 54 

5. 
 million subject to certain adjustments based on a determination of closing net working capital, transaction expenses, cash and investments and closing indebtedness. The total purchase consideration for the VHT Acquisition was million. 
 
 Identified intangible assets Net assets acquired Total 
 Goodwill generated from this business combination is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and expected post-acquisition synergies from leveraging VHT s customer relationships. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 years 
 
 Customer relationships represent the fair value of future projected revenue that will be derived from sales to existing customers of VHT. The economic useful life was determined based on historical customer turnover rates and industry benchmarks. 
 
 The fair value of customer relationships was estimated using the multi-period excess earnings method, an income approach (Level 3), which converts projected revenues and costs into cash flows. Significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow analysis for direct customer relationships were the revenue growth rate, customer attrition rate, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA margins, and discount rate. 
 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 
 
 The following table summarizes the pro forma consolidated information for the Company assuming the acquisition of VHT had occurred as of January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma information for all periods presented includes the business combination accounting effects resulting from the acquisition, including amortization for intangible assets acquired and acquisition-related charges. 
 55 

Net loss ) ) Basic earnings per share ) ) Diluted earnings per share ) ) 
 Enview Inc. Acquisition 
 
 On January 5, 2022 (the Enview Acquisition Date ), the Company completed the acquisition (the Enview Acquisition of Enview, Inc. Enview ), a privately-held company engaged in the development of AI algorithms to identify natural and man-made features in geospatial data using various techniques. million. The total purchase consideration consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 Common stock million shares) (2) 
 Total 
 (1) The Company paid million and million in cash consideration during the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 (2) On the Enview Acquisition Date, the Company's closing stock price was per share. The Company issued million and million shares during the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Identified intangible assets Net assets acquired Total 64,324 
 
 Goodwill generated from this business combination is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and expected post-acquisition synergies from integrating Enview technology with Matterport s products and services. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 years 
 
 Developed technology relates to existing Enview technology of its AI algorithms to identify natural and man-made features in geospatial data. The economic useful life was determined based on the technology cycle related to the developed technology of existing services, as well as the cash flows anticipated over the forecasted periods. 
 
 56 

6. 
 million. 
 Purchased Intangible Assets 

) ) Customer relationships 
 ) ) Total ) ) 
 The Company recognized amortization expense of million, million and , for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total future amortization expense 
 57 

7. ) ) Increase in reserves 
 ) ) ) Write-offs 
 Balance end of period 
 ) ) ) 
 Inventories 
 Work in process 
 Purchased parts and raw materials 
 Total inventories 
 
 Property and Equipment, Net 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Capitalized software and development costs 
 Total property and equipment 
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses of property and equipment were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Additions to capitalized software and development costs, inclusive of stock-based compensation in the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, was million, million and million, respectively. These are recorded as part of property and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets. Amortization expense was million, million and million for years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, of which million, million and million was recorded to costs of revenue related to subscription and million, million and million to selling, general and administrative in the consolidated statements of operations, respectively. 
 58 

Tax payable 
 ESPP contribution Current unpaid acquisition consideration Short-term operating lease liabilities Accrued loss on firm inventory purchase commitments Other current liabilities 
 Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

8. 
 
 59 

Total cash equivalents Short-term investments: U.S. government and agency securities Non-U.S. government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Commercial paper Total short-term investments Long-term investments: U.S. government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Total long-term investments Total assets measured at fair value Financial Liabilities: Private warrants liability Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 December 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial Assets: Cash equivalents: 
 Money market funds Total cash equivalents Short-term investments: U.S. government and agency securities Non-U.S. government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Commercial paper Total short-term investments Long-term investments: Corporate debt securities Total long-term investments Total assets measured at fair value Financial Liabilities: Private warrants liability Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 60 

Transfer of Private Warrants from Level 2 to Level 3 
 Change in fair value ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Change in fair value ) Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 
 61 

) Non-U.S. government and agency securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Commercial paper ) Total available-for-sale investments ) 
 ) Non-U.S. government and agency securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Commercial paper ) Total available-for-sale investments ) 
 As of December 31, 2023, the gross unrealized losses were not material. As of December 31, 2022, the gross unrealized losses that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months were million, which were related to million of available-for-sale debt securities, and the gross unrealized losses that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than 12 months were million, which were related to million of available-for-sale debt securities. 
 Unrealized losses related to these securities are due to interest rate fluctuations as opposed to credit quality. In addition, we do not intend to sell and it is not likely that we would be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity. We did t recognize any credit losses related to our available-for-sale debt securities during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 . 
 In January 2021, Legacy Matterport entered a convertible note agreement with a privately-held company as a strategic investment for a principal of million. The note bears an interest rate of per annum and originally matured in January 2023. The convertible note receivable is accounted for as available-for-sale debt securities in other assets based on Level 3 inputs, which consist of unobservable inputs and reflect management s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset, with unrealized holding gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported in other comprehensive income (loss). The fair value of the convertible note receivable was determined using a probability-weighted assessment of redemption and conversion scenarios upon the investee closing additional financing. The key inputs to determining fair values under that approach included probability of repayment and conversion scenarios, and discount rates. The convertible note became uncollectible due to the change of the privately-held company s financial condition as of December 31, 2022. Although we amended and extended the repayment term to January 2024, we recognized a full impairment loss of million in the year ended December 31, 2022, including the amortized-based cost of million and the previously accrued interest of million. 
 
 62 

Due between one and three years 
 Total 

9. 
 million 2019 Term Loan ). The loan must be first used to repay the prior term loan and accrued interest. The Company borrowed the full million on September 16, 2019, and million of the amount was used to repay in full the outstanding principal and interest under the 2017 Amendment. The term loan matures on May 1, 2023. The Company was required to make equal installments payments of principal, plus monthly payment of accrued interest starting in June 2020 through May 2023. The term loan bears interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the greater of (a) above the Prime Rate and (b) . The amendment also provided the Company with a revolving line of credit up to million due in September 2020. The Company borrowed million under the line of credit on September 27, 2019. The principal amount outstanding under the revolving line of credit bears interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the greater of (a) above the Prime Rate and (b) . Interest is payable monthly. The restructuring of the term loan was accounted for as an extinguishment. The loss on extinguishment was material. 
 On April 28, 2020, the Company amended the 2017 Second Amended and Restated Agreement with the lender (the 2020 Amendment to increase the limit of the revolving line of credit from million to million and extend the maturity date of the revolving line to December 15, 2020. On December 22, 2020, the Company amended and extended the line of credit maturity date from December 15, 2020, through December 14, 2021. The interest rates for the term loan and the revolving line of credit were . I n July 2021, the Company repaid in full the line of credit of million. 
 For years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded , , and million of interest expenses under the 2019 Term Loan and the Line of Credit, respectively. The Company repaid million of principal outstanding under the 2019 Term Loan during the year ended December 31, 2021. The 2015 Term Loan was fully repaid as of September 30, 2021. 
 2018 Term Loan On April 20, 2018, the Company entered into a million term loan agreement (the 2018 Agreement with a lender maturing on May 1, 2022. The loan was repayable in monthly scheduled installments commencing on May 1, 2018. The Company was required to make interest-only payments for the first months starting May 2018 and thereafter to make equal installment payments through the maturity date of the loan. The interest rate was fixed at per annum. 
 In connection with the execution of the 2018 Agreement, an additional final payment of million is due at the earlier of the maturity date and prepayment of the term loan. The Company accreted the final payment liability up to the redemption amount as part of the 2018 Agreement term loan balance and recognized interest expense over the term of the loan. 
 The Company incurred certain debt issuance costs in connection with the above loan agreements. Such cost was capitalized against the loan proceeds. The Company also issued warrants to purchase common stock in conjunction with the above loan agreements. The Company determined the fair value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which was recorded to additional paid-in capital and an adjustment against the loan proceeds. The debt issuance cost was capitalized and amortized as interest expense over the initial term of the agreement. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded , , and million of interest expense, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company repaid million of principal outstanding 
 63 

million required final payment fee pursuant to the 2018 Agreement and million prepayment fee as the Company fully repaid the 2018 Term Loan in July 2021. The Company recorded million loss on the extinguishment for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 2020 Term Loan On February 20, 2020, the Company entered into a million term loan agreement 2020 Term Loan with a lender. The loan was provided under facilities: facility A was comprised of million maturing in months, and facility B was comprised of million maturing in months. On April 17, 2020, the Company borrowed million from facility A, and on October 12, 2020 the Company borrowed the full million from facility B. In addition to the principal payment, both loan facilities require a fixed monthly coupon payment. The aggregated annual coupon payment was million. The principal was payable in equal installments commencing on May 31, 2021 through April 30, 2023. The interest rate was fixed at per annum. 
 The Company incurred certain debt issuance costs in connection with the above loan agreements. Such cost was capitalized against the loan proceeds. The Company also issued warrants to purchase common stock in conjunction with the above loan agreements. The Company determined the fair value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which is recorded to additional paid-in capital and an adjustment against the loan proceeds. The debt issuance costs were amortized as additional interest expense over the term of the agreement. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded , , and million of interest expense, respectively. The Company started repayment of principal in May 2021 and repaid million of principal outstanding in the year ended December 31, 2021 . The Company fully repaid the 2020 Term Loan and recorded million loss on the 2018 Term Loan extinguishment for year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 The Company fully repaid all debt as of December 31, 2021. 

64 

10. 
 
 million and million, respectively, which included immaterial short-term lease costs. Total variable lease costs were immaterial during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. The total operating and variable lease costs were included in cost of goods sold, research and development, and selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Rent expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million, prior to our adoption of the new lease guidance. 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was million and million, respectively. There were right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, as the Company did not enter any new leases. 

65 

2025 2026 Thereafter Total operating lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities (1) 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities (2) 

(1) Current portion of operating lease liabilities is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 

Purchase Obligation The Company has purchase obligations, which includes agreements and issued purchase orders containing non-cancelable payment terms to purchase goods and services. 
 2025 2026 and thereafter 
 Total 
 
 Litigation The Company is named from time to time as a party to lawsuits and other types of legal proceedings and claims in the normal course of business. The Company accrues for contingencies when it believes that a loss is probable and that it can reasonably estimate the amount of any such loss. 
 On July 23, 2021, plaintiff William J. Brown, a former employee and a shareholder of Matterport, Inc. (now known as Matterport Operating, LLC) Legacy Matterport ), sued Legacy Matterport, Gores Holdings VI, Inc. (now known as Matterport, Inc.), Maker Merger Sub Inc., Maker Merger Sub II, LLC, and Legacy Matterport directors R.J. Pittman, David Gausebeck, Matt Bell, Peter Hebert, Jason Krikorian, Carlos Kokron and Michael Gustafson (collectively, the Defendants in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The plaintiff s initial complaint claimed that Defendants imposed invalid transfer restrictions on his shares of Matterport stock in connection with the merger transactions between Matterport, Inc. and Legacy Matterport (the Transfer Restrictions ), and that Legacy Matterport s board of directors violated their fiduciary duties in connection with a purportedly misleading letter of transmittal. The initial complaint sought damages and costs, as well as a declaration from the court that he may freely transfer his shares of Class A common stock of Matterport received in connection with the merger transactions. An expedited trial regarding the facial validity of the Transfer Restrictions took place in December 2021. On January 11, 2022, the court issued a ruling that the Transfer Restrictions did not apply to the plaintiff. The opinion did not address the validity of the Transfer Restrictions more broadly. Matterport filed a notice of appeal of the court s ruling on February 8, 2022, and a hearing was held in front of the Delaware Supreme Court on July 13, 2022, after which the appellate court affirmed the lower court s ruling. Separate proceedings regarding the plaintiff s remaining claims are pending. The plaintiff filed a Third Amended Complaint on September 16, 2022, which asserts the causes of action described above but omits as defendants Maker Merger Sub Inc., Maker Merger Sub II, LLC, and Legacy Matterport directors David Gausebeck, Matt Bell, and Carlos Kokron, and adds an additional cause of action alleging that Matterport, Inc. violated the Delaware Uniform Commercial Code by failing to timely register Brown s requested transfer of Matterport, Inc. shares. The remaining defendants answer to the Third 
 66 

stockholders, Laurie Hanna and Vasana Smith (collectively Plaintiffs filed a complaint derivatively on behalf of Matterport, Inc. against R.J. Pittman, Michael Gustafson, Peter Hebert, James Krikorian, James Daniel Fay, David Gausebeck, Japjit Tulsi, Judi Otteson, Jay Remley, and numerous shareholders of Matterport, Inc. (collectively Defendants in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The complaint alleges that the issuance of Earn-Out shares worth million was a breach of fiduciary duty and an act of corporate waste, which unjustly enriched recipients of the Earn-Out shares at the expense of Matterport and its common stockholders. Specifically, the Plaintiffs allege that issuance of the Earn-Out Shares violated the February 7, 2021 Agreement and Plan of Merger pursuant to which Legacy Matterport and Gores Holding VI, a publicly listed special purpose acquisition company, and two Gores subsidiaries merged, providing Legacy Matterport shareholders with shares of the surviving public company which took the name Matterport. The complaint seeks disgorgement all unjust enrichment by the Defendants, an award of compensatory damages to Matterport, an award of costs and disbursements to the Plaintiffs, as well as a declaration that Plaintiffs may maintain the action on behalf of Matterport and that Plaintiffs are adequate representatives of Matterport, and a finding that demand on the Matterport board is excused as futile. 
 On July 20, 2021, the Company, then operating under the name Gores Holdings VI, Inc., held a special meeting of stockholders (the 2021 Special Meeting in lieu of the 2021 annual meeting of the Company s stockholders to approve certain matters relating to its proposed business combination with Matterport, Inc., Maker Merger Sub, Inc. and Maker Merger Sub II, LLC. One of these matters was a proposal to adopt the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the New Certificate of Incorporation ), which, among other things, increased the total number of authorized shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value per share (the Class A common stock ), from shares to shares. The New Certificate of Incorporation was approved by a majority of the shares of Class A common stock and the Company s Class F common stock, par value per share (the Class F common stock ), voting together as a single class, that were outstanding as of the record date for the 2021 Special Meeting. After the 2021 Special Meeting, the business combination was consummated and the New Certificate of Incorporation became effective. A December 2022 decision of the Delaware Court of Chancery (the Court of Chancery has created uncertainty as to whether Section 242(b)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL would have required the New Certificate of Incorporation to be approved by a separate vote of the majority of the Company s then-outstanding shares of Class A common stock, in addition to a majority of the shares of Class A common stock and Class F common stock voting together. The Company continues to believe that a separate vote of Class A common stock was not required to approve the New Certificate of Incorporation. However, in light of the Court of Chancery decision, on February 16, 2023, the Company filed a petition (the Petition in the Court of Chancery pursuant to Section 205 of the DGCL seeking validation of the New Certificate of Incorporation, and the shares issued in reliance on the effectiveness of the New Certificate of Incorporation to resolve any uncertainty with respect to those matters. Section 205 of the DGCL permits the Court of Chancery, at its discretion, to ratify and validate potentially defective corporate acts and stock after considering a variety of factors. On March 14, 2023, the Court of Chancery granted the Petition validating the New Certificate of Incorporation and all shares of capital stock issued in reliance on the effectiveness of the New Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 On May 11, 2020, Redfin Corporation Redfin was served with a complaint by Appliance Computing, Inc. III, d/b/a Surefield Surefield ), filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas, Waco Division. In the complaint, Surefield asserted that Redfin s use of Matterport s 3D-Walkthrough technology infringes of Surefield s patents. Redfin has asserted defenses in the litigation that the patents in question are invalid and have not been infringed upon. We have agreed to indemnify Redfin for this matter pursuant to our existing agreements with Redfin. The parties have vigorously defended against this litigation. The matter went to jury trial in May 2022 and resulted in a jury verdict finding that Redfin had not infringed upon any of the asserted patent claims and that all asserted patent claims were invalid. Final judgment was entered on August 15, 2022. On September 12, 2022, Surefield filed post trial motions seeking to reverse the jury verdict. Redfin has filed oppositions to the motions. In addition, on May 16, 2022, the Company filed a declaratory judgment action against Appliance Computing III, Inc., d/b/a Surefield, seeking a declaratory judgment that the Company had not infringed upon the patents asserted against Redfin and additional, related patent. The matter is pending in the Western District of Washington and captioned Matterport, Inc. v. Appliance Computing III, Inc. d/b/a Surefield, Case No. 2:22-cv-00669 (W.D. Wash.). Surefield has filed a motion to dismiss or in the alternative transfer the case to the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas. The Company filed an opposition to the motion. On August 28, 2023, the Court denied Surefield s motion to dismiss the Washington case but stayed the action pending the resolution of the Texas case. 
 67 

amounts accrued that the Company believes would be material to its financial position. 
 Indemnification In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into certain agreements that provide for indemnification by the Company of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, directors, officers, employees and other parties with respect to certain matters. Indemnification includes losses from breach of such agreements, services provided by the Company, or third-party intellectual property infringement claims. These indemnities may survive termination of the underlying agreement and the maximum potential amount of future indemnification payments, in some circumstances, are not subject to a cap. As of December 31, 2023, there were no known events or circumstances that have resulted in a material indemnification liability. 
 
 11. 
 shares of Matterport Class A common stock. A total of million redeemable convertible preferred stock was reclassified into common stock and additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheet. 

12. 
 million Matterport Class A common shares to public stockholders of Gores, Initial Stockholders of Class F Stock, and PIPE investors for aggregate gross proceeds of million. The Company paid million to Gores stockholders who redeemed Gores Class A common stock immediately prior to the Closing. The Company and Gores incurred million and million transaction costs, respectively. The total transaction cost was million, consisting of underwriting, legal and other professional fees, of which million was recorded to additional paid-in capital as a reduction of proceeds and the remaining million was expensed immediately. 
 The Company has retroactively adjusted the shares issued and outstanding prior to July 22, 2021 to give effect to the exchange ratio established in the Merger Agreement to determine the number of shares of common stock into which they were converted. Immediately prior to the Closing, million shares were authorized to issue at par value. Immediately following the Closing, million shares were authorized to issue at par value, including million shares of common stock and million shares of preferred stock. There were million shares of common stock outstanding with a par value of upon the Closing. The holder of each share of common stock is entitled to one vote. 
 68 

Common stock options outstanding and unvested RSUs under the Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Incentive Plan 
 Shares available for future grant under 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Shares available for future grant under 2021 Incentive Award Plan 
 Total shares of common stock reserved 
 
 Common Stock Warrants The Company issued warrants to purchase common stock in connection with loan agreements entered from lenders as disclosed below and in Note 9 Debt . Those warrants were considered equity at inception and were recorded to additional paid-in capital. The warrants have a contractual -year life from the issuance date. 
 All previously issued common stock warrants were fully vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2020. In February 2021, the holders of all of the Company s outstanding warrants entered into agreement with the Company to exercise their warrants contingent upon, and effective immediately prior to, the consummation of the First Merger. In the event of an acquisition in which the fair market value of one share is greater than the warrant exercise price as of the date of the acquisition, all outstanding and unexercised warrants shall automatically be deemed to be cashless exercised immediately prior to the consummation of the acquisition. In the event of an acquisition where the fair market value per share is less than the warrant exercise price in effect immediately prior to the acquisition, then warrants will expire immediately prior to the consummation of the acquisition. On July 22, 2021, all the common stock warrants were exercised. The Company issued million shares of the Class A common stock to the holders of the common stock warrants upon the Closing. 
 The company fully amortized the remaining debt discount associated with the above warrants of million during the year ended December 31, 2021 upon the full repayment of the debt as discussed Note 9 Debt . 
 
 69 

Net unrealized loss ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) Net unrealized loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) Net unrealized gain 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) 
 
 13. 
 Public Warrants and Private Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustments. The Warrants became exercisable on December 15, 2021 and will expire on July 22, 2026, which is after the Closing. 
 Redemption of Public Warrants 
 Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants for cash, in whole and not in part, upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption Redemption Period at a price of per warrant, if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within a -trading day period ending three business day before we send the notice of redemption to the Public Warrant holders. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, the Company will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The warrants holders have the right to exercise their outstanding warrants prior to the scheduled redemption date during the Redemption Period at per share. 
 Commencing days after the Public Warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants, in whole and not in part, for a price equal to a number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock to be determined based on a predefined rate based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Company s Class A c ommon stock. The fair market value of our Class A c ommon stock shall mean the average last reported sale price of our common stock for the trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Public Warrants upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our Class A c ommon stock equals or exceeds per share on the trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 The Private Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Warrants sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering, except that the Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Warrants (except to certain permitted transferees) until days after the completion of the Merger. Additionally, the Private Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. The Private Placement Warrants are non-redeemable for cash so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 
 The Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-1 on August 19, 2021 related to the issuance of an aggregate of up to shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants, which was declared effective by the SEC on August 26, 2021. On December 15, 2021, the Company announced to redeem all outstanding 
 70 

per warrant. The Public Warrants could be exercised by the holders thereof until 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Redemption Date to purchase fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock underlying such warrants, at the exercise price of per share. Any Public Warrants that remained unexercised at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Redemption Date were voided and no longer exercisable, and the holders of those Public Warrants were entitled to receive only the redemption price of per warrant. 
 
 On January 14, 2022, the Public Warrants ceased trading on the Nasdaq Global Market. As of the Redemption Date of January 14, 2022, a total of million shares of Common Stock have been issued upon the exercise of million Public Warrants and million Private Warrants by the holders thereof at an exercise price of per share, resulting in aggregate proceeds to Matterport of million, including million shares issued upon the exercise of Public Warrants and Private Warrants by the holders with a total proceeds of million received during the year ended December 31, 2021 and million shares issued upon the exercise of million Public Warrants with a total proceeds of million received in January 2022. The remaining million unexercised and outstanding Public Warrants as of 5:00 p.m. January 14, 2022 New York City time were redeemed at a price of per Public Warrant and, as a result, no Public Warrants remained outstanding thereafter. Warrants to purchase Common Stock that were issued under the Warrant Agreement in a private placement simultaneously with the Company s initial public offering and that are still held by the initial holders thereof or their permitted transferees were not subject to this redemption. A total of million Private Warrants remained outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 
 Warrants Exercised ) ) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Warrants Exercised ) ) Warrants Redeemed ) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 The Public Warrants were classified as Level 1 because there was adequate trading volume to provide a reliable indication of value from the Closing Date to the Redemption Date. The Private Warrants were classified as Level 2, from the Closing Date until the Redemption Date, because the Private Warrants had similar terms and were subject to substantially the same redemption features as the Public Warrants. The fair value of the Private Warrants was deemed to be substantially the same as the fair value of the Public Warrants. Both the Public Warrants and the Private Warrants were valued at and as of December 31, 2021, respectively . 
 As of the Redemption Date, both the Public Warrants and the Private Warrants were valued at per unit. Upon the ceasing of trading of the Public Warrants on the Redemption Date, the fair value measurement of Private Warrants transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 and the Company used a Black Scholes model to determine the fair value of the Private Warrants. The primary significant unobservable input used to evaluate the fair value measurement of the Company s Private Warrants is the expected volatility of the ordinary shares. Significant increases (decreases) in the expected volatility in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. The Private Warrants were valued at as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 71 

Strike price Expected term (in years) Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 
 The Warrants are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 Change in fair value Warrants Exercised ) ) ) Fair value at December 31, 2021 
 Change in fair value ) ) ) Warrants Exercised ) ) Warrants Redemption ) ) Fair value at December 31, 2022 Change in fair value ) ) Fair value at December 31, 2023 

14. 
 million shares of Class A common stock in the aggregate. There are distinct tranches, and each tranche has million Earn-out Shares. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Common Share Price means the share price equal to the volume weighted average price of the Matterport Class A common stock for a period of at least days out of consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately prior to the date of determination. I f the Common Share Price exceeds , , , , , and , t he Earn-out Shares are issuable during the period beginning on the th day following the Closing and ending on the fifth anniversary of such date (the Earn-out Period ). The Earn-out Shares are subject to early release if a change of control that will result in the holders of the Company common stock receiving a per share price equal to or in excess of the price target as above (collectively, the Earn-Out Triggering Events ). 
 Any Earn-out Shares issuable to any holder of Matterport Stock Options and Matterport RSUs in respect of such Matterport Stock Options and Matterport RSUs shall be issued to such holder only if such holder continues to provide services to the Post-Combination Company through the date of the occurrence of the corresponding triggering event that causes such Earn-out Shares to become issuable. Any Earn-out Shares that are forfeited pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be reallocated to the other Legacy Matterport stockholders and Legacy Matterport Stock Options and RSUs holders who remain entitled to receive Earn-out Shares in accordance with their respective Earn-out pro rata shares. 
 At the Closing, the estimated fair value of the total Earn-out Shares was million. The contingent obligation to issue Earn-out Shares to Legacy Matterport stockholders was accounted for as a liability because the Earn-out Triggering Events that determine the number of Earn-out Shares required to be issued include events that are not solely indexed to the Common Stock of Matterport, Inc. The Earn-out pro rata Shares issuable to holders of Legacy Matterport s RSUs and holders of Legacy Matterport s Stock Options are accounted for as a stock-based compensation expense as they are subject to forfeiture based on the satisfaction of certain employment conditions, see Note 15 Stock Plan for more information. 
 72 

million of contingent earn-out liability attributable to the Earn-out Shares to Legacy Matterport stockholders upon the Closing on July 22, 2021. 
 On January 18, 2022, all Earn-out Triggering Events for issuing up to million Earn-out Shares occurred. A total of million shares of common stock became issuable to the eligible Legacy Matterport stockholders. Another total of million pro rata Earn-out Shares became issuable to holders of Matterport's eligible legacy RSU and options holders were immediately vested. See Note 15 Stock Plan for more information. 
 Contingent earn-out liability was accounted for as a liability as of the date of the Merger and remeasured to fair value until the Earn-out Triggering Events were met. The estimated fair value of the total Earn-out Shares was determined based on a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model using a distribution of potential outcomes on a monthly basis over the Earn-out Period using the most reliable information available to be issued include events that are not solely indexed to the common stock of the Company. Upon the occurrence of the triggering events, the Company's common stock price of per share represented the fair value of the Earn-out Awards. The Company reclassified the million outstanding Earn-out liability to additional paid-in capital as the Earn-out shares become issuable as a fixed number of shares of common shares. 
 Expected term (in years) 
 Expected volatility 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 Expected dividend yield 
 
 Reallocation of Earn-out Shares to earn-out liability upon forfeitures 
 Change in fair value of earn-out liability 
 ) Issuance of Earn-out Shares upon triggering events ) Balance at December 31, 2022 and 2023 

15. 
 shares are available for future grant under the 2011 Stock Plan due to the termination of the 2011 Stock Plan in connection with the Closing. There were million shares authorized under the 2011 Stock Plan prior to its termination, and million shares were assumed under the 2021 Incentive Award Plan. 
 
 73 

of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock as of the Closing, which is equivalent to million shares of Class A common stock (the Initial Plan Reserve ), (b) any shares of Class A common stock subject to outstanding equity awards under the 2011 Stock Plan which, following the effective date of the 2021 Plan, became available for issuance under the 2021 Plan and (c) an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031 equal to a number of shares equal to of the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year. The maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2021 Plan upon the exercise of ISOs is million shares of Class A common stock. 
 Shares forfeited due to employee termination or expiration are returned to the share pool. Similarly, shares withheld upon exercise to provide for the exercise price and/or taxes due and shares repurchased by the Company are also returned to the pool. As of December 31, 2023, a total of million shares remained available for future grant under the Company s 2021 Plan. 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In connection with the Closing on July 22, 2021, as discussed in Note 3, the Company approved the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2021 ESPP ). The 2021 ESPP provides that the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2021 ESPP shall be the sum of (a) of the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock as of the Closing, which is equivalent to million shares of Class A common stock (the Initial ESPP Reserve ), and (b) an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031 equal to the lesser of (i) of the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (ii) such smaller number of shares of common stock as may be determined by the Company s board of directors; provided, however, that the number of shares of common stock that may be issued or transferred pursuant to the rights granted under the 2021 ESPP shall not exceed of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock as of the Closing, which is equivalent to million shares. 
 Our 2021 ESPP permits eligible employees to acquire shares of our common stock at of the lower of the fair market value of our common stock on the first trading day of each offering period or on the purchase date. If the fair market value of our common stock on the purchase date is lower than the first trading day of the offering period, the current offering period will be cancelled after purchase and a new -month offering period will begin. Participants may purchase shares of common stock through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation, subject to purchase limits of shares per purchase period, per offering period, and worth of stock for each calendar year. 
 The 2021 ESPP provides for consecutive offering periods that will typically have a duration of approximately months in length and is comprised of purchase periods of approximately in length. The offering periods are scheduled to start on the first trading day on or after June 1 and December 1 of each year, except for the first offering period commenced on July 23, 2021 and ended on May 31, 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2023 , there were million shares of common stock purchased under the 2021 ESPP. As of December 31, 2023, a total of million shares of our common stock remained available for sale under our 2021 ESPP. 
 74 

Expired or canceled 
 ) Exercised 
 ) Balance - December 31, 2021 
 Expired or canceled 
 ) Exercised 
 ) Balance - December 31, 2022 
 Expired or canceled 
 ) Exercised 
 ) Balance - December 31, 2023 
 Options vested and exercisable - December 31, 2023 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested options was million, which is expected to be amortized over a weighted-average vesting period of years. 
 On April 1, 2021, the Company amended the performance condition of the performance-based stock option (PSO) awards previously granted to a senior executive in March 2019. Originally, the PSO awards were eligible to vest and become exercisable upon the consummation of the earlier of a change in control or an initial public offering IPO ), subject to certain share price targets. The vesting of the award also required continued employment up to the consummation of the change in control or IPO. As a result of the modification, the PSO awards shall vest and become exercisable upon the closing of the Merger. Upon the Closing, the Company recognized million stock-based compensation expense related to the PSOs as they became fully vested and exercisable. 
 75 

Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Canceled or forfeited 
 ) Balance - December 31, 2021 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Canceled or forfeited 
 ) Balance - December 31, 2022 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Canceled or forfeited 
 ) Balance - December 31, 2023 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense for awards with only service conditions are recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the related award. The PRSU awards have both service-based and performance-based vesting conditions. The service-based vesting condition for these awards is typically satisfied over with a cliff vesting period of and continued vesting quarterly thereafter, subject to continued service. The performance-based vesting condition is satisfied upon the occurrence of a liquidity event, as defined in the Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Plan. The performance based vesting condition was deemed satisfied upon the Closing. The Company recognized million stock-based compensation expenses on the Closing for the portion of these RSUs for w hich the service-based vesting condition had been satisfied and the performance condition of the RSUs was met. 
 As of December 31, 2023, unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested RSUs and PRSUs were million and million, respectively. The remaining unrecognized compensation costs for RSUs and PRSUs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years and years, respectively, excluding additional stock-based compensation expense related to any future grants of stock-based awards. 
 Earn-out Award Activities 
 As discussed in Note 14 Contingent Earn-Out Awards , the pro rata Earn-out Shares issuable to holders of Legacy Matterport s RSUs and holders of Legacy Matterport s Stock Options for such holders with respect to such holders Legacy RSUs and Options are expected to be accounted as stock-based compensation expense as they are subject both a market condition and a service condition to the eligible employees. 
 On January 18, 2022, all Earn-out Triggering Events for issuing up to million Earn-out Shares occurred. A total of million pro rata Earn-out Shares issuable to holders of Matterport's eligible legacy RSU and options holders were immediately vested. The Company issued million Earn-out Shares to Matterport's eligible legacy RSU and options holders after withholding million of these Earn-out Shares to cover tax withholding obligations. The Company recognized all the remaining million unamortized stock-based compensation related to the Earn-out Shares during the year ended December 31, 2022, as both Triggering event condition was satisfied and the service condition was met. No further Earn-out Shares remained contingently issuable thereafter. 
 
 76 

Granted Forfeited ) Balance - December 31, 2021 
 Granted Forfeited or Canceled ) Vested and Canceled (1) 
 ) Vested and Released ) Balance - December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Represents million shares withheld for tax obligation upon issuances of the Earn-out Shares on February 1, 2022. 
 
 Earn-out Awards Valuation 
 - 
 
 Expected term 
 years 
 years 
 Expected volatility 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 Expected dividend yield 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan The fair value of shares issued under our 2021 ESPP are estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 - years 
 years 
 - years 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield 
 Grant-date fair value per share - 
 
 - 
 
 The expected volatility is based on the average volatility of a peer group of representative public companies with sufficient trading history over the expected term. The expected term represents the term from the first day of the offering period to the purchase dates within each offering period. The dividend yield assumption is based on our expectations about our anticipated dividend policy. The risk-free interest rate is based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with maturities that approximate the expected term. As of December 31, 2023, unrecognized compensation cost related to the ESPP was million, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average service period of years. 
 
 77 

Research and development 
 Selling, general, and administrative 
 Stock-based compensation, net of amounts capitalized 
 Capitalized stock-based compensation 
 Total stock-based compensation 
 
 78 

16.) ) ) Foreign Loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 International Total current tax expense United States ) International ) ) Total deferred tax expense ) ) Total tax expense ) 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes and operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. 
 
 79 

Research and development credits carryforward Accruals Other Interest expense carryforward Fixed assets Stock-based compensation Capitalized research and development costs Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax liabilities: Intangibles ) ) Deferred commissions ) ) Right-of-use asset ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the increase in the Company s valuation allowance compared to the prior year was primarily due to the 2023 net operating losses and the capitalized research and development costs under Section 174. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the increase in the Company s valuation allowance compared to the prior year was prima rily due to the 2022 net operating losses, stock-based compensation, and the capitalized research and development costs under Section 174. 
 
 ASC 740 requires that the tax benefit of net operating losses, temporary differences and credit carryforwards be recorded as an asset to the extent that management assesses that realization is "more likely than not." Realization of the future tax benefits is dependent on the Company's ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management considers projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Because of the Company's history of operating losses, management believes that recognition of the domestic deferred tax assets arising from the above-mentioned future tax benefits are currently not likely to be realized. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has a valuation allowance for federal and state deferred tax assets that the Company believes will, more likely than not, be unrealizable. 

80 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Do Not Expire NOLs, federal (Pre January 1, 2018) 12/31/2031 NOLs, state 12/31/2032 Tax credits, federal 12/31/2032 Tax credits, state Do Not Expire 
 State income tax rate Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) Research and development credits Other ) Convertible notes nondeductible Section 162(m) executive compensation ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Change in fair value of contingent earn-out liability ) Change in fair value of warrants liability 
 ) Foreign rate differential ) Effective tax rate ) ) 
 The Company had net operating loss carryovers NOLs for federal and state income tax purposes of approximately, million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2023. million of federal NOLs will expire beginning in 2031, while million generated after the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the TCJA ), will have an indefinite life. The state NOLs will expire if unused starting in 2032. 
 The Company s utilization of NOLs is subject to an annual limitat ion due to ownership changes that have occurred previously or that could occur in the future as provided in Section 382 of the Code Section 382 ), as well as similar state provisions. Section 382 limits the utilization of NOLs when there is a greater than 50 change of ownership as determined under the regulations. Since its formation, the Company has raised capital through the issuance of capital stock and various convertible instruments which, combined with the purchasing shareholders subsequent disposition of these shares, has 
 81 

Gross Increases prior-year unrecognized tax benefits Gross Increases current-year unrecognized tax benefits Unrecognized tax benefits ending 
 The entire amount of the unrecognized tax benefits would not impact the Company s effective tax rate if recognized. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company did not recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. The Company does not anticipate that the amount of existing unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease during the next 12 months. 
 
 82 

17. 
 
 . The Company also recorded accelerated amortization costs to real estate operating lease right-of-use assets, which was primarily related to the cease use of certain leased office spaces to adjust our office space footprint to better align with the needs of our operation and the remote-work organizational structure. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company substantially completed all actions under the 2023 Plan. Total restructuring costs associated with the 2023 Plan were million and impacted cost of revenue and operating expenses in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2023 were 
 
 Cost of revenue - Services 
 Cost of revenue - Product 
 Cost of revenue 
 Research and development 
 Selling, general, and administrative 
 Total restructuring charge 
 
 (1) Office space reductions primarily represent the accelerated amortization expense related to operating lease right-of-use assets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, million restructuring-related liabilities were recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, primarily related to the unpaid severance costs. 

83 

18. 
 used to determine the number of shares of common stock into which they converted. The common stock issued as a result of the redeemable convertible preferred stock conversion on the Closing Date was included in the basic net loss per share calculation on a prospective basis.) Denominator: 
 Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

Earn-out shares 
 Common stock options outstanding 
 Unvested RSUs 
 ESPP Shares Total potentially dilutive common stock equivalents 

19. 
 million, million and million matching contributions t o the U.K. pension plan for the year ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 84 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, management performed, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act). At the time the Company filed the original filing, the CEO and the CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2023. 
 The Company has reevaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2023 because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, as described in further detail below. In light of the material weakness described below, the Company performed additional analyses and other post-evaluation procedures and determined that its consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, management concluded that the financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (as restated) 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 In Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting included in the original filing, management concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. 
 Management has subsequently reevaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and identified a material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the Company did not design and maintain appropriate controls to ensure allegations received outside of the whistleblower program are evaluated and communicated to those responsible for financial reporting and those charged with governance in a timely fashion. While the Company has determined that this material weakness did not result in a misstatement to the Company s consolidated financial statements, until remediated, this material weakness could result in a misstatement of one or more accounts or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 As a result of identifying the material weakness described above, management has concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on the criteria in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Accordingly, management has restated this report on internal control over financial reporting. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included herein in Item 8. 
 Remediation Plan 
 Management is actively engaged in the planning for, and implementation of, remediation efforts to address the material weakness identified above. Our remediation plan includes enhancing the design of controls and procedures related 
 85 

to communicating allegations received outside of the whistleblower program to those responsible for oversight of the Company's financial reporting and those charged with governance. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

86 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 3. Exhibits 
 The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. 
 Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 7, 2021, by and among Gores Holdings VI, Inc., Maker Merger Sub, Inc., Maker Merger Sub II, LLC and Matterport, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021). 
 8-K 001-39790 2.1 7/28/2021 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 28, 2021). 
 8-K 001-39790 3.1 7/28/2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company. 
 8-K 001-39790 3.2 7/28/2021 4.1 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. 
 S-1 333-249312 4.2 10/5/2020 4.2 Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2020, by and between Gores Holdings VI, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 
 8-K 001-39790 4.1 12/16/2020 4.3 Amendment to Warrant Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2021, by and among Matterport, Inc., Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 
 8-K 001-39790 4.3 7/28/2021 10.1 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2021, by and among the Company, Gores Sponsor VI LLC and certain other parties. 
 8-K 001-39790 10.1 7/28/2021 10.2 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 8-K 001-39790 10.2 7/28/2021 10.3 + 
 Matterport, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan and related forms of awards agreements . 
 8-K 001-39790 10.3(a) 7/28/2021 10.4 + 
 Form of Option Agreement under the Matterport, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan. 
 8-K 001-39790 10.3(b) 7/28/2021 10.5 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Matterport, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan. 
 8-K 001-39790 10.3(c) 7/28/2021 10.6 Matterport, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 8-K 001-39790 10.4 7/28/2021 10.7 Form of Individual Investor Subscription Agreement. 
 8-K 001-39790 10.1 2/8/2021 
 87 

10.8 Form of Institutional Investor Subscription Agreement. 
 8-K 001-39790 10.2 2/8/2021 10.9 Offer Letter, dated November 20, 2018, by and between Matterport, Inc. and R.J. Pittman. 
 S-4 333-255050 10.6 4/6/2021 10.10 Offer Letter, dated July 28, 2017, by and between Matterport, Inc. and James D. Fay. 
 S-4 333-255050 10.7 4/6/2021 10.11 Offer Letter, dated January 16, 2020, by and between Matterport, Inc. and Japjit Tulsi. 
 S-4 333-255050 10.8 4/6/2021 10.12 Offer Letter, dated June 17, 2019, by and between Matterport, Inc. and Jay Remley. 
 10-K/A 001-39790 10.16 5/18/2022 10.13 Offer Letter, dated November 21, 2022, by and between Matterport, Inc. and Matt Zinn. 
 10-K 
 001-39790 10.13 2/28/2023 10.14 + 
 Matterport, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 8-K 001-39790 10.5 7/28/2021 10.15 + 
 Form of Option Agreement under the Matterport, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 S-4 333-255050 10.10 4/6/2021 10.16 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Matterport, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 S-4 333-255050 10.11 4/6/2021 10.17 Matterport, Inc. Executive Severance Plan 
 8-K 001-39790 10.1 12/15/2022 10.18 Matterport, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Program 
 S-1 333-258936 10.15 3/18/2022 21.1 List of Subsidiaries. 
 10-K 
 001-39790 21.1 2/27/2024 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm of Matterport, Inc. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97 
 Matterport, Inc. Compensation Recovery Policy 
 10-K 
 001-39790 97 2/27/2024 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 _____________ 
 Filed herewith 
 88 

+ Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 The schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. 
 89 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this amendment to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 MATTERPORT, INC. Date: November 22, 2024 
 By: /s/ R.J. Pittman R.J. Pittman Chief Executive Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 
 90 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 mttr-exhibit231_10ka112224.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-258936) and Form S-8 (No. 333-259987) of Matterport, Inc. of our report dated February 27, 2024, except with respect to our opinion on internal control over financial reporting insofar as it relates to the effects of the matter discussed in the penultimate paragraph of Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, as to which the date is November 22, 2024 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K A. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Atlanta, Georgia November 22, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 mttr-exhibit311_10ka112224.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, R.J. Pittman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K A of Matterport, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 22, 2024 
 By 
 s R.J. Pittman 
 R.J. Pittman, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 mttr-exhibit312_10ka112224.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, James D. Fay, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form-10-K A of Matterport, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 22, 2024 
 By 
 s James D. Fay 
 James D. Fay, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 mttr-exhibit321_10ka112224.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K A of Matterport, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 22, 2024 
 By 
 s R.J. Pittman 
 R.J. Pittman 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 mttr-exhibit322_10ka112224.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K A of Matterport, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 22, 2024 
 By 
 s James D. Fay 
 James D. Fay 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mttr-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mttr-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mttr-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mttr-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mttr-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

