<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241024_10-Q_edgar_data_1576940_0001576940-24-000074.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17059448</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>621559</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1523204</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9882490</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1651063</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2998637</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001576940-24-000074.hdr.sgml : 20241024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241023192036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001576940-24-000074
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241023

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Century Communities, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001576940
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				680521411
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36491
		FILM NUMBER:		241390294

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8390 E. CRESCENT PKWY., SUITE 650
		CITY:			GREENWOOD VILLAGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303.770.8300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8390 E. CRESCENT PKWY., SUITE 650
		CITY:			GREENWOOD VILLAGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001576940-24-000074.txt : 20241024

10-Q
 1
 ccs-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

ccs-20240930x10q 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code): Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No On October 18, 2024, shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the registrant were outstanding . 

Table of Contents 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC. FORM 10-Q For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Ind ex Page No. PART I F INANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 (audited) 3 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 4 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 5 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 6 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 7 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 19 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 40 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 40 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 40 Item 1A. Risk Factors 41 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 41 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 41 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 41 Item 5. Other Information 41 Item 6. Exhibits 42 Signatures 43 

2 
 Table of Contents 

PA RT I FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Century Communities, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Assets (unaudited) (audited) Cash and cash equivalents Cash held in escrow Accounts receivable Inventories Mortgage loans held for sale Prepaid expenses and other assets Property and equipment, net Deferred tax assets, net Goodwill Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Notes payable Revolving line of credit Mortgage repurchase facilities Total liabilities Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, outstanding Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 3 
 Table of Contents 

Century Communities, Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Homebuilding revenues Home sales revenues Land sales and other revenues Total homebuilding revenues Financial services revenues Total revenues Homebuilding cost of revenues Cost of home sales revenues Cost of land sales and other revenues Total homebuilding cost of revenues Financial services costs Selling, general and administrative Inventory impairment Other expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 4 
 Table of Contents 

Century Communities, Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Fair value of mortgage loans held for sale and other Inventory impairment Impairment on other investment Abandonment of lot option contracts Deferred income taxes (Gain) loss on disposition of assets Changes in assets and liabilities: Cash held in escrow Accounts receivable Inventories Mortgage loans held for sale Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchases of property and equipment Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Expenditures related to development of rental properties Payments for business combinations Other investing activities Net cash used in investing activities Financing activities Borrowings under revolving credit facilities Payments on revolving credit facilities Borrowing under construction loan agreements Proceeds from issuance of insurance premium notes and other Principal payments on insurance premium notes and other Net proceeds (payments) for mortgage repurchase facilities Withholding of common stock upon vesting of stock-based compensation awards Repurchases of common stock under stock repurchase program Dividend payments Other financing activities Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net decrease Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash Beginning of period End of period Supplemental cash flow disclosure Cash paid for income taxes Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash (Note 6) Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 5 
 Table of Contents 

Century Communities, Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Common Stock Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at June 30, 2024 Vesting of stock-based compensation awards Withholding of common stock upon vesting of stock-based compensation awards Repurchases of common stock Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividends declared and dividend equivalents Other Net income Balance at September 30, 2024 Balance at June 30, 2023 Vesting of stock-based compensation awards Withholding of common stock upon vesting of stock-based compensation awards Repurchases of common stock Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividends declared and dividend equivalents Net income Balance at September 30, 2023 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Common Stock Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 Vesting of stock-based compensation awards Withholding of common stock upon vesting of stock-based compensation awards Repurchases of common stock Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividends declared and dividend equivalents Other Net income Balance at September 30, 2024 Balance at December 31, 2022 Vesting of stock-based compensation awards Withholding of common stock upon vesting of stock-based compensation awards Repurchases of common stock Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividends declared and dividend equivalents Net income Balance at September 30, 2023 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 6 
 Table of Contents 

Century Communities, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2024 states. In many of our projects, in addition to building homes, we entitle and develop the underlying land. We build and sell homes under our Century Communities and Century Complete brands. Our Century Communities brand has an emphasis on serving the entry-level homebuilding market but offers a wide range of buyer profiles including: entry-level, first and second time move-up, and lifestyle homebuyers, and provides our homebuyers with the ability to personalize their homes through certain option and upgrade opportunities. Our Century Complete brand targets entry-level homebuyers, primarily sells homes through retail studios and the internet, and generally provides no option or upgrade opportunities. reportable segments: West, Mountain, Texas, Southeast, and Century Complete. Our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, Inspire Home Loans Inc., Parkway Title, LLC, IHL Home Insurance Agency, LLC, and IHL Escrow Inc., which provide mortgage, title, insurance and escrow services, respectively, primarily to our homebuyers, have been identified as our Financial Services segment. Additionally, our wholly owned subsidiary, Century Living, LLC, is engaged in the development, construction and management of multi-family rental properties, currently all located in Colorado. Century Living, LLC is included in our Corporate segment. 

 7 
 Table of Contents 

states. We build and sell homes under our Century Communities and Century Complete brands. Our Century Communities brand is managed by geographic location, and each of our geographic regions offers a wide range of buyer profiles including: entry-level, first and second time move-up, and lifestyle homebuyers, and provides our homebuyers with the ability to personalize their homes through certain option and upgrade selections. Each of our four geographic regions is considered a separate operating segment. Our Century Complete brand targets entry-level homebuyers, primarily sells homes through retail studios and the internet, and generally provides no option or upgrade selections. Our Century Complete brand currently has operations in states and it is considered a separate operating segment. The management of our four Century Communities geographic regions and Century Complete reports to our chief operating decision makers (which we refer to as CODMs ), the Co-Chief Executive Officers of our Company. The CODMs review the results of our operations, including total revenue and income before income tax expense to determine profitability and to allocate resources. Accordingly, we have presented our homebuilding operations as the following reportable segments: West (California and Washington) Mountain (Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, and Utah) Texas Southeast (Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee) Century Complete (Alabama, Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina) We have identified our Financial Services operations, which provide mortgage, title, insurance and escrow services to our homebuyers, as a sixth reportable segment. Our Corporate operations are a non-operating segment, as our Corporate operations serve to support our homebuilding, and to a lesser extent our Financial Services operations, through functions, such as our executive, finance, treasury, human resources, accounting and legal departments. Additionally, our wholly owned subsidiary, Century Living, LLC, is engaged in the development, construction and management of multi-family rental properties, currently all located in Colorado. Century Living, LLC is included in our Corporate segment. The following table summarizes total revenue and income (loss) before income tax expense by segment (in thousands ): Mountain Texas Southeast Century Complete Financial Services Corporate Total revenue Income (loss) before income tax expense: West Mountain Texas Southeast Century Complete Financial Services Corporate Total income before income tax expense 

8 
 Table of Contents 

Mountain Texas Southeast Century Complete Financial Services Corporate Total assets 
 Corporate assets primarily include costs associated with development of multi-family rental properties, certain cash and cash equivalents, certain property and equipment, deferred tax assets, certain receivables, and prepaid insurance. active communities, in Nashville, Tennessee, for approximately million in cash, inclusive of customary holdbacks. We concluded that the acquisition represents a business combination, and in connection with this acquisition, we allocated million in goodwill to the Southeast operating segment. We incurred million in acquisition costs, which are reflected in other expense in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. On July 31, 2024, we closed on the acquisition of substantially all the assets and operations and assumed certain liabilities of Anglia Homes LP Anglia ), a homebuilder with operations, including active communities, in the greater Houston, Texas area, for approximately million in cash, inclusive of customary holdbacks. We concluded that the acquisition represents a business combination, as we determined that the fair value of the gross assets acquired was not concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets, and the acquired assets and processes have the ability to create outputs in the form of revenue from the sale of single-family residences. We incurred million in acquisition costs, which are reflected in other expense in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. The following is a summary of the allocation of the purchase price for Anglia based on the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands): Inventories Property and equipment, net Amortizable intangible assets Goodwill Total assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Net assets acquired 
 Acquired inventories consist of work in process inventories and finished lots. We estimated the fair value of the acquired inventories based upon the stage of production of each unit and a gross margin that we believe a market participant would require to complete the remaining development and requisite selling efforts. We estimated a market participant would require a gross margin ranging from approximately to based upon the stage of production of the individual lot. Amortizable intangible assets acquired include right of first refusal and non-compete agreements, which we, with the assistance of a third-party valuation firm , estimated to have fair values of million and million, respectively. These intangible assets are amortized each over years. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and in connection with this acquisition, we have allocated million in goodwill to the Texas operating segment. Goodwill allocated for tax purposes is expected to be deductible. We determined that Anglia s carrying costs approximated fair value for all other acquired assets and assumed liabilities. 

 9 
 Table of Contents 

million and loss before income tax, inclu sive of purchase price accounting, of million, are included in our accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Land and land development Capitalized interest Total inventories 
 million and million, respectively, and an aggregate outstanding principal balance of million and million, respectively. Net losses on the sale of mortgage loans were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , respectively, and were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The gain from the change in fair value for mortgage loans held for sale was million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and the loss from the change in fair value for mortgage loans held for sale was million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Losses from the change in fair value for mortgage loans held for sale were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Mortgage loans in process for which interest rates were locked by borrowers, or interest rate lock commitments, totaled approximately million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and carried a weighted average interest rate of approximately and , respectively . Interest rate risks related to these obligations are typically mitigated through our interest rate hedging program or by the preselling of loans to investors. Derivative instruments used to economically hedge our market and interest rate risk are carried at fair value. Derivative instruments typically include interest rate lock commitments and forward commitments on mortgage-backed securities. Changes in fair value of these derivatives as well as any gains or losses upon settlement are reflected in financial services revenue on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Refer to Note 13 Fair Value Disclosures for further information regarding our derivative instruments. 

 10 
 Table of Contents 

Lot option and escrow deposits Performance deposits Restricted cash (1) Multi-family rental properties under construction (2) Mortgage loans held for investment at fair value Mortgage loans held for investment at amortized cost Mortgage servicing rights Derivative assets Other assets and prepaid expenses Total prepaid expenses and other assets 
 (1) Restricted cash consists of restricted cash related to land development, earnest money deposits for home sale contracts held by third parties as required by various jurisdictions, and certain compensating balances associated with our mortgage repurchase facilities and other financing obligations. (2) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, certain multi-family rental properties were completed and became available for leasing; and as such, we reclassified million from multi-family rental properties under construction, included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, to property and equipment, net on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Warranty reserve Self-insurance reserve Accrued compensation costs Land development and home construction accruals Accrued interest Income taxes payable Derivative liabilities Other accrued liabilities Total accrued expenses and other liabilities 

11 
 Table of Contents 

million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and we reduced our warranty reserve by million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These adjustments are included in cost of home sales revenues on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Changes in our warranty accrual for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are detailed in the table below (in thousands) : Warranty expense provisions Payments Warranty adjustment Ending balance 
 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and we reduced our self-insurance reserve by million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Any adjustments are included in cost of home sales revenues on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Changes in our self-insurance reserve for incurred but not reported construction defect claims for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are detailed in the table below (in thousands) : Self-insurance expense provisions Payments Self-insurance adjustment Ending balance 

12 
 Table of Contents 

senior notes, due (1) senior notes, due (1) Other financing obligations (2) Notes payable Revolving line of credit Mortgage repurchase facilities Total debt 
 (1) The carrying value of senior notes reflects the impact of premiums, discounts, and issuance costs that are amortized to interest expense over the respective terms of the senior notes. (2) As of September 30, 2024, other financing obligations included million related to insurance premium notes and certain secured borrowings, as well as million outstanding under construction loan agreements. As of December 31, 2023, other financing obligations included million related to insurance premium notes and certain secured borrowings, as well as million outstanding under construction loan agreements. Construction Loan Agreements Certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Century Living, LLC are parties to construction loan agreements with various banks (which we collectively refer to as the lenders ). These construction loan agreements collectively provide that we may borrow up to an aggregate of million from the lenders for purposes of construction of multi-family projects in Colorado, with advances made by the lenders upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. Borrowings under the construction loan agreements bear interest at various rates, including a fixed rate and floating interest rates per annum equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which we refer to as SOFR and the Bloomberg Short-term Bank Yield Index, plus an applicable margin. The outstanding principal balances and all accrued and unpaid interest is due on varying maturity dates from through , with certain of the construction loan agreements allowing for the option to extend the maturity dates for a period of months if certain conditions are satisfied. The construction loan agreements contain customary affirmative and negative covenants (including covenants related to construction completion, and limitations on the use of loan proceeds, transfers of land, equipment, and improvements), as well as customary events of default. Interest on our construction loan agreements is capitalized to the multi-family properties assets included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets while the related multi-family rental properties are being actively developed . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million was outstanding under the construction loan agreements respectively, with borrowings that bore a weighted average interest rate of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and we were in compliance with all covenants thereunder. Revolving Line of Credit We are party to a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, as amended, (which we refer to as the Second A R Credit Agreement with Texas Capital Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer, and the lenders party thereto. The Second A R Credit Agreement, which amended and restated our prior Amended and Restated Credit Agreement , provides us with a senior unsecured revolving line of credit (which we refer to as the revolving line of credit of up to million, and unless terminated earlier, will mature on . The revolving line of credit includes a million sublimit for standby letters of credit and a million sublimit for swingline loans. Under the terms of the Second A R Credit Agreement, we are entitled to request an increase in the size of the revolving line of credit by an amount not exceeding million. Our obligations under the Second A R Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries. The Second A R Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants (including limitations on our ability to grant liens, incur additional debt, pay dividends, redeem our common stock, make certain investments and engage in certain merger, consolidation or asset sale transactions), as well as customary events of default. Borrowings under the Second A R Credit Agreement are based on an adjusted term SOFR reference rate, which equals the greater of (i) or (ii) the one-month quotation of the SOFR administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, plus . As of September 30, 2024, million was outstanding under the revolving line of credit, with borrowings that bore an interest rate of , and we were in compliance with all covenants under the Second A R Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2023, amount was outstanding under the revolving line of credit. 

 13 
 Table of Contents 

million as of September 30, 2024, secured by the mortgage loans financed thereunder. The repurchase facilities have varying short term maturity dates through . Borrowings under the mortgage repurchase facilities bear interest at variable interest rates per annum equal to SOFR plus an applicable margin, and bore a weighted average interest rate of as of September 30, 2024. Amounts outstanding under the repurchase facilities are not guaranteed by us or any of our subsidiaries, and the agreements contain various affirmative and negative covenants applicable to Inspire that are customary for arrangements of this type. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had million and million outstanding under the repurchase facilities, respectively, and were in compliance with all covenants thereunder. Interest capitalized during period Less: capitalized interest in cost of sales Interest capitalized end of period 
 , is driven by our blended federal and state statutory rate of , and certain permanent differences between GAAP and tax, including disallowed deductions for executive compensation offset by estimated federal energy home credits for current year home deliveries. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our estimated annual rate of was benefitted by discrete items which had a net impact of decreasing our rate by , including the impact of excess tax benefits for vested stock-based compensation. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded income tax expense of million and million, respectively . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded income tax expense of million and million, respectively . 

 14 
 Table of Contents 

Mortgage loans held for investment at fair value (1) Prepaid expenses and other assets Level 3 Derivative assets Prepaid expenses and other assets Level 2 Mortgage servicing rights (2) Prepaid expenses and other assets Level 3 Derivative liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities Level 2 
 (1) The unobservable inputs used in the valuation of the mortgage loans held for investment at fair value include, among other items, the value of underlying collateral, from markets where there is little observable trading activity. (2) The unobservable inputs used in the valuation of the mortgage servicing rights include mortgage prepayment rates, discount rates and cost to service, which were , , and per year per loan, respectively, as of September 30, 2024, and , , and per year per loan, respectively, as of December 31, 2023. The high and low end of the range of unobservable inputs used in the valuation did not result in a significant change to the fair value measurement. The following table represents the reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance for the Level 3 recurring fair value measurements, with gains and losses from the changes in fair value reflected in financial services revenue on our condensed consolidated statements of operations (in thousands): Originations Settlements Changes in fair value End of period Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Mortgage loans held-for-investment at fair value 2024 2023 2024 2023 Beginning of period Transfers from loans held for sale Settlements Reduction in unpaid principal balance Changes in fair value End of period 

15 
 Table of Contents 

senior notes (1)(2) Level 2 senior notes (1)(2) Level 2 Revolving line of credit (3) Level 2 Other financing obligations (3)(4) Level 3 Mortgage repurchase facilities (3) Level 2 
 (1) Estimated fair value of the senior notes is based on recent trading activity in inactive markets. (2) Carrying amounts include any associated unamortized deferred financing costs, premiums and discounts. As of September 30, 2024, these amounts totaled million and million for the senior notes and senior notes, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, these amounts totaled million and million for the senior notes and senior notes, respectively. (3) Carrying amount approximates fair value due to short-term nature and/or interest rate terms. (4) During the period ended September 30, 2024, other financing obligations included million related to insurance premium notes and certain secured borrowings that generally bore interest rates ranging from to , and million related to outstanding borrowings on the construction loan agreements that bore a weighted average interest rate of as of September 30, 2024. During the period ended December 31, 2023, other financing obligations included million related to insurance premium notes and certain secured borrowings that generally bore interest rates ranging from to , and million related to outstanding borrowings on the construction loan agreements that bore a weighted average interest rate of . Non-financial assets and liabilities include items such as inventory and property and equipment that are measured at fair value when acquired and as a result of impairments, if deemed necessary. D uring the three months ended September 30, 2024, we determined that inventory with a carrying value before impairment of million for communities in our Century Complete and Southeast segments were not recoverable. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we determined that inventory with a carrying value before impairment of million for communities in our Century Complete and Southeast segments were not recoverable . Accordingly, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized impairment charges of an aggregate million and million, respectively, in order to record the communities at fair value. impairment charges were recorded in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. When impairment charges are recognized, the estimated fair value of communities are determined through a discounted cash flow approach utilizing Level 3 inputs. Changes in our cash flow projections in future periods related to these communities may change our conclusions on the recoverability of inventory in the future. million and million shares of common stock, respectively, with a grant date fair value of and per share, respectively, that vest over a period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we granted thousand and thousand shares of common stock, respectively, on an unrestricted basis (which we refer to as stock awards with a grant date fair value of and per share, respectively, to our non-employee directors. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we granted performance share units (which we refer to as PSUs covering up to million and million shares of common stock assuming maximum level of performance with a grant date fair value of and per share, respectively, that are subject to both service and performance vesting conditions. The quantity of shares that will ultimately vest and be issued upon settlement of the PSUs ranges from to of a targeted number of shares and will be determined based on an achievement of a adjusted pre-tax income performance goal. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we issued million and million shares of common stock, respectively, upon the vesting and settlement of PSUs that were granted in previous periods. Approximately million shares will vest from 2025 to 2027 if the defined maximum performance targets are met, and shares will vest if the defined minimum performance targets are not met. A summary of our outstanding PSUs, assuming the current estimated level of performance achievement, and RSUs are as follows (in thousands, except years): Unrecognized compensation cost Weighted-average years to recognize compensation cost 

16 
 Table of Contents 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense is included in selling, general, and administrative expense on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Stock-based compensation expense for PSUs is initially estimated based on target performance achievement and adjusted as appropriate throughout the performance period. Accordingly, future compensation cost associated with outstanding PSUs may increase or decrease based on the probability and extent of achievement with respect to the applicable performance measures. million shares of common stock, par value per share, and million shares of preferred stock, par value per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were million and million shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively, and shares of preferred stock outstanding. On May 4, 2022, the stockholders approved the adoption of the Century Communities, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan (which we refer to as the 2022 Incentive Plan ), which replaced the Century Communities, Inc. Amended and Restated 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (which we refer to as our 2017 Incentive Plan ). Under the 2022 Incentive Plan, million shares of common stock are available for issuance to eligible participants, plus thousand shares of our common stock that remained available for issuance under the 2017 Incentive Plan and any shares subject to awards outstanding under the 2017 Incentive Plan that are subsequently forfeited, cancelled, expire or otherwise terminate without the issuance of such shares. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we issued million and million shares of common stock, respectively, related to the vesting and settlement of RSUs and PSUs. As of September 30, 2024, approximately million shares of common stock remained available for issuance under the 2022 Incentive Plan. The following table sets forth cash dividends declared by our Board of Directors to holders of record of our common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively (in thousands, except per share information): Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash Dividends Declared and Paid Declaration Date Record Date Paid Date Per Share Amount 
 Under the 2022 Incentive Plan and the previous 2017 Incentive Plan, at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, RSUs and PSUs granted under the plan have the right to earn dividend equivalents, which entitles the holders of such RSUs and PSUs to additional RSUs and PSUs equal to the same dividend value per share as holders of common stock. Dividend equivalents are subject to the same vesting and other terms and conditions as the underlying RSUs and PSUs. Our stock repurchase programs, authorized by our Board of Directors, authorize us to repurchase up to million shares of our outstanding common stock, of which million shares remained available to be repurchased as of September 30, 2024. We did t repurchase any shares of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an aggregate of thousand shares were repurchased for a total purchase price of approximately million and a weighted average price of per share. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, an aggregate of thousand and thousand shares, respectively, were repurchased for a total purchase price of approximately million and million, respectively, and a weighted average price of and per share, respectively. million and million, respectively, were netted and surrendered as payment for minimum statutory withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of outstanding stock-based compensation awards. Shares surrendered by the participants in accordance with the applicable award agreements and plan are deemed repurchased and retired by us but are not part of our publicly announced share repurchase programs. 

 17 
 Table of Contents 

Denominator Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Dilutive effect of stock-based compensation awards Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 Stock-based awards are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS in the event they are subject to unsatisfied performance conditions or are antidilutive. We excluded million and million common stock unit equivalents from diluted earnings per share during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and we excluded million and million common stock unit equivalents from diluted earnings per share during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to the PSUs for which performance conditions remained unsatisfied. million and million, respectively, in letters of credit and performance and other bonds issued and outstanding. Legal Proceedings We are subject to claims and lawsuits that arise primarily in the ordinary course of business, which consist primarily of construction claims. It is the opinion of our management that if the claims have merit, parties other than the Company would be, at least in part, liable for the claims, and the eventual outcome of these claims will not have a material adverse effect upon our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. When we believe that a loss is probable and estimable, we record a charge on our condensed consolidated statements of operations for our estimated loss. Under various insurance policies, we have the ability to recoup costs in excess of applicable self-insured retentions. Estimates of such amounts are recorded in other assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheet when recovery is probable. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of any claims and lawsuits will have a material adverse effect upon our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

 18 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND A NALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (which we refer to as this Form 10-Q ), references to we, us, our, Century or the Company refer to Century Communities, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and, unless the context otherwise requires, its subsidiaries and affiliates. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is intended to help the reader understand our Company, business, operations and present business environment and is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. We use certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are important for purposes of comparison to prior periods. This information is also used by our management to measure the profitability of our ongoing operations and analyze our business performance and trends. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Some of the statements included in this Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, forecasts, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. These statements are only predictions. We caution that forward-looking statements are not guarantees. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as may, will, should, expect, could, intend, plan, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, predict, potential, outlook, the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology and the use of future dates. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors. The forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-Q reflect our current views about future events and are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and changes in circumstances that may cause our actual results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. Statements regarding the following subjects, among others, may be forward-looking and subject to risks and uncertainties including among others: econo mic changes, either nationally or in the markets in which we operate, including changes in interest rates and the resulting impact on the accessibility of mortgage loans to homebuyers, persistent inflation, and decreased employment levels; shortages of or increased prices for labor, land or raw materials used in housing construction and resource shortages; a downturn in the homebuilding industry, including a reduction in demand or a decline in real estate values or market conditions resulting in an adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition, including an impairment of our assets; changes in assumptions used to make industry forecasts, population growth rates or trends affecting housing demand or prices; volatility and uncertainty in the credit markets and broader financial markets and the impact on such markets and our ability to access them in the event of a threatened or actual U.S. government shutdown or sovereign default; our future business operations, operating results and financial condition, and changes in our business and investment strategy; availability and price of land to acquire, and our ability to acquire such land on favorable terms or at all; the effect of and risks associated with our recent acquisitions; availability, terms and deployment of capital; availability or cost of mortgage financing or an increase in the number of foreclosures in the market; delays in land development or home construction resulting from adverse weather conditions or other events outside our control; delays in completion of projects, land development or home construction, or reduced consumer demand for housing resulting from significant weather conditions and natural disasters in the geographic areas where we operate; the impact of construction defect, product liability, and/or home warranty claims, including the adequacy of accruals and the applicability and sufficiency of our insurance coverage; changes in, or the failure or inability to comply with, governmental laws and regulations; the timing of r eceipt of municipal, utility and other regulatory approvals and the opening of projects and construction and completion of our homes; the i mpact and cost of compliance with evolving environmental, health and safety and other laws and regulations and third-party challenges to required permits and other approvals and potential legal liability in connection therewith; the degree and nature of our competition; unstable economic and political conditions as well as geopolitical conflicts, could adversely affect our supply chain by causing shortages or increases in costs for materials necessary to construct homes and/or increases to the price of gasoline and other fuels and cause higher interest rates, inflation or general economic uncertainty; our leverage, debt service obligations and exposure to changes in interest rates and our ability to obtain additional or refinance our existing debt when needed or on favorable terms; 

 19 
 Table of Contents 

our ability to continue to fund and succeed in our mortgage lending business and the additional risks involved in that business; availability of qualified personnel and contractors and our ability to obtain additional or retain existing key personnel and contractor relationships; our ability to continue to pay dividends and make stock repurchases in the future; and taxation and tax policy changes, tax rate changes, new tax laws, new or revised tax law interpretations or guidance. Forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of future events, taking into account all information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future events or of our performance. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. Some of these events and factors are described above and in Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other risks and uncertainties detailed in this report, including Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and our other reports and filings with the SEC. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in or implied by our forward-looking statements. New risks and uncertainties arise over time, and it is not possible for us to predict the occurrence of those matters or the manner in which they may affect us. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and do not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as of any date subsequent to the date of this Form 10-Q. Business Overview Century is engaged in the development, design, construction, marketing and sale of single-family attached and detached homes in 18 states. In many of our projects, in addition to building homes, we entitle and develop the underlying land. We build and sell homes under our Century Communities and Century Complete brands. Our Century Communities brand has an emphasis on serving the entry-level homebuilding market but offers a wide range of buyer profiles including: entry-level, first and second time move-up, and lifestyle homebuyers, and provides our homebuyers with the ability to personalize their homes through certain option and upgrade opportunities. Our Century Complete brand targets entry-level homebuyers, primarily sells homes through retail studios and the internet, and generally provides no option or upgrade opportunities. Our homebuilding operations are organized into the following five reportable segments: West, Mountain, Texas, Southeast, and Century Complete. Our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, Inspire Home Loans Inc., Parkway Title, LLC, IHL Home Insurance Agency, LLC, and IHL Escrow Inc., which provide mortgage, title, insurance, and escrow services, respectively, primarily to our homebuyers, have been identified as our Financial Services segment. Additionally, our wholly owned subsidiary, Century Living, LLC, is engaged in the development, construction and management of multi-family rental properties, currently all located in Colorado. Century Living, LLC is included in our Corporate segment. While we offer homes that appeal to a broad range of entry-level, move-up, and lifestyle homebuyers, our offerings are heavily weighted towards providing affordable housing options in each of our homebuyer segments. Additionally, we prefer building move-in-ready homes over built-to-order homes, which we believe allows for a faster construction process, advantageous pricing with subcontractors, and shortened time period from home sale to home delivery, thus allowing our customers greater certainty on their financing and allowing us to more appropriately price the homes and deploy our capital. Of the 7,809 homes delivered during the first nine months of 2024, approximately 93 of our deliveries were made to entry-level homebuyers that were below the Federal Housing Administration-insured mortgage limits and approximately 98 of homes delivered were built as move-in ready homes. During 2024, we have completed two acquisitions. On July 31, 2024, we closed on the acquisition of substantially all the assets and operations and assumed certain liabilities of Anglia Homes LP Anglia ), a homebuilder with operations in the greater Houston, Texas area, for approximately 127.0 million in cash, inclusive of customary holdbacks. On January 22, 2024, we closed on the acquisition of substantially all the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Landmark Homes of Tennessee, Inc. Landmark ), a homebuilder with operations, including six active communities, in Nashville, Tennessee, for approximately 33.4 million in cash, inclusive of customary holdbacks. Current housing market conditions demonstrate solid, underlying demand for affordable new homes and, coupled with a more recent moderation in mortgage rates, we experienced solid demand during the first nine months of 2024, as net new home contracts (new home contracts net of cancellations) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 19.3 and 26.5 , respectively, as compared to the same prior year periods. We have continued to provide, when necessary, incentive offerings across our communities during the first nine months of 2024, including discounts on base home prices, lot premiums, and options and upgrades and financing incentives, including interest rate buydowns. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cycle times have remained in the four- to five-month timeframe. We anticipate the homebuilding markets in each of our operating segments will continue to be tied to both the macro-economic environment and the local economy, and we expect our operating strategy will continue to adapt to market changes, though we cannot 

 20 
 Table of Contents 

provide any assurance that our strategies will remain consistent or continue to be successful. We believe future demand for our homes remains uncertain as future economic and market conditions remain uncertain, in particular with respect to inflation; the impact of potential future increases or decreases to the federal funds interest rate by the Federal Reserve; interest rates; availability and cost of mortgage loans to homebuyers; financial markets, credit and mortgage markets; the extent to which and how long government monetary directives, actions, and economic relief efforts will impact the U.S. economy; consumer confidence; wage growth; household formations; levels of new and existing homes for sale; prevailing home and rental prices; availability and cost of land, labor and construction materials; demographic trends; housing demand; the effect of the U.S. Presidential election on the economy, consumer confidence and homebuilding; and other factors, including those described elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. Specifically, changes in mortgage interest rates impact the costs of owning a home and affect the purchasing power of our customers and could impact homebuyer confidence. Changes in demand for our homes or cancellations due to mortgage interest rates or otherwise affect our operating results in future periods, including our net sales, home deliveries, gross margin, origination volume of and revenues from our Financial Services segment, and net income. As a result, our past performance may not be indicative of our future results. We believe we are well-positioned to benefit from any future declines in mortgage interest rates, the ongoing shortage of both new and resale homes available for purchase in our key markets, and the favorable demographics that support the need for new affordable housing. We believe our operations are prepared to withstand volatility in future market conditions as a result of our product offerings which both span the home buying segment and focus on affordable price points, and our current and future inventories of attractive land positions. We have continued to focus on maintaining an appropriate balance of home and land inventories in relation to anticipated future demand, as well as prudent leverage, and, as a result, we believe we are well positioned to continue to execute on our strategy to optimize stockholder returns. Results of Operations During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we generated 109.9 million and 304.9 million, respectively, in income before income tax expense, as compared to 112.0 million and 224.8 million, respectively, in the respective prior year periods. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we generated net income of 83.0 million, or 2.59 per diluted share, and 231.1 million, or 7.19 per diluted share, respectively, as compared to 83.2 million, or 2.58 per diluted share, and 167.9 million, or 5.21 per diluted share, respectively, in the respective prior year periods. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we generated total revenues of 1.1 billion and 3.1 billion, respectively, which represent increases of 27.8 and 25.7 , respectively, as compared to the respective prior year periods, driven primarily by increased home sales revenue from increased number of homes available for sale and increased average sales prices . During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we delivered 2,834 and 7,809 homes, respectively, with an average sales price of 393.8 thousand and 391.3 thousand, respectively. The number of homes delivered increased by 25.2 and 21.8 , respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the respective prior year periods, representing growth across all of our segments. Average sales price increased 3.1 and 3.7 , respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the respective prior year periods. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, net new contracts increased 19.3 and 26.5 , respectively, to 2,563 and 8,209, respectively, as compared to the respective prior year periods. We ended the third quarter of 2024 with 149.2 million of cash and cash equivalents and 70.8 million of cash held in escrow. We had 414.0 million outstanding under our revolving line of credit, with a homebuilding debt to capital ratio of 35.8 and a net homebuilding debt to net capital ratio of 32.1 . During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid quarterly cash dividends to our stockholders of 0.26 per share, which represents a 13 increase from the 0.23 per share quarterly dividends paid during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we have continued to strategically increase our lot pipeline, including both organically and through acquisitions, resulting in 80,121 lots owned and controlled at September 30, 2024. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our Financial Services segment generated income before income tax of 3.1 million and 18.8 million, respectively, representing a decrease of 74.8 and 36.9 , respectively, as compared to the respective prior year periods. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the number of mortgages originated increased 45.5 and 41.6 , respectively, as compared to the respective prior year periods, which benefited from increased capture rates, and the number of loans sold to third parties increased 35.5 and 37.0 , respectively, as compared to the respective prior year periods. While total loan origination volumes increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease in income before income tax is primarily driven by lower margins on mortgages originated due to a more competitive market, as well as a decrease in the fair value of our mortgage servicing rights portfolio. Our Century Living operations are engaged in the development, construction and management of multi-family rental properties in Colorado, and currently comprise over 1,200 total units. As of September 30, 2024, one project had been successfully completed and available for leasing, and three projects remain under construction, two of which were available for pre-leasing. As of September 30, 2024, 407 units had been completed, 193 units of which were occupied, and 872 units were under development. 

 21 
 Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: (in thousands, except per share amounts) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Consolidated Statements of Operations: Revenues Home sales revenues 1,116,125 865,065 3,055,941 2,419,025 Land sales and other revenues 650 722 2,242 3,811 Total homebuilding revenues 1,116,775 865,787 3,058,183 2,422,836 Financial services revenues 20,091 23,636 66,676 63,768 Total revenues 1,136,866 889,423 3,124,859 2,486,604 Homebuilding cost of revenues Cost of home sales revenues (873,081) (652,411) (2,386,208) (1,910,630) Cost of land sales and other revenues (170) (207) (375) Total homebuilding cost of revenues (873,251) (652,411) (2,386,415) (1,911,005) Financial services costs (17,021) (11,432) (47,894) (33,983) Selling, general, and administrative (132,972) (111,918) (373,054) (315,351) Inventory impairment (1,373) (1,942) Other income (expense) (2,337) (1,663) (10,690) (1,509) Income before income tax expense 109,912 111,999 304,864 224,756 Income tax expense (26,892) (28,849) (73,789) (56,850) Net income 83,020 83,150 231,075 167,906 Earnings per share: Basic 2.65 2.60 7.31 5.25 Diluted 2.59 2.58 7.19 5.21 Adjusted diluted earnings per share (1) 2.72 2.58 7.56 5.21 Other Operating Information (dollars in thousands): Number of homes delivered 2,834 2,264 7,809 6,411 Average sales price of homes delivered 393.8 382.1 391.3 377.3 Homebuilding gross margin percentage (2) 21.7 24.6 21.9 21.0 Adjusted homebuilding gross margin excluding interest, inventory impairment, and purchase price accounting for acquired work in process inventory (1) 23.6 25.8 23.5 22.3 Backlog at end of period, number of homes 1,580 1,887 1,580 1,887 Backlog at end of period, aggregate sales value 671,404 707,169 671,404 707,169 Average sales price of homes in backlog 424.9 374.8 424.9 374.8 Net new home contracts 2,563 2,149 8,209 6,488 Selling communities at period end 305 252 305 252 Average selling communities 290 246 269 233 Total owned and controlled lot inventory 80,121 68,570 80,121 68,570 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 137,126 125,268 377,388 260,073 Adjusted income before income tax expense (1) 114,731 111,999 320,527 224,756 Adjusted net income (1) 86,962 83,150 242,947 167,906 Net homebuilding debt to net capital (1) 32.1 25.3 32.1 25.3 
 (1) This is a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be used as a substitute for our operating results prepared in accordance with GAAP. See the reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measure and other information under Non-GAAP Financial Measures . An analysis of any non-GAAP financial measure should be used in conjunction with results presented in accordance with GAAP . (2) Homebuilding gross margin percentage is inclusive of impairment charges, if applicable. We recorded impairment charges of 1.4 million and 1.9 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. No impairment charges were recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

 22 
 Table of Contents 

Results of Operations by Segment (dollars in thousands) New Homes Delivered Average Sales Price of Homes Delivered Home Sales Revenues Income before Income Tax Expense Three Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 West 363 281 662.9 596.6 240,645 167,636 35,222 31,419 Mountain 513 415 528.4 498.5 271,049 206,857 31,770 25,449 Texas 530 382 300.9 292.3 159,459 111,656 14,682 16,377 Southeast 427 378 421.9 435.9 180,137 164,784 27,218 33,717 Century Complete 1,001 808 264.6 265.0 264,835 214,132 34,056 30,873 Financial Services 3,070 12,204 Corporate (36,106) (38,040) Total 2,834 2,264 393.8 382.1 1,116,125 865,065 109,912 111,999 New Homes Delivered Average Sales Price of Homes Delivered Home Sales Revenues Income before Income Tax Expense Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 West 972 738 634.3 590.5 616,583 435,774 94,098 54,358 Mountain 1,494 1,325 524.8 514.4 784,065 681,621 93,943 77,946 Texas 1,439 1,159 303.4 282.7 436,648 327,639 46,385 31,502 Southeast 1,155 851 429.1 433.6 495,637 368,993 73,857 63,675 Century Complete 2,749 2,338 263.0 258.8 723,008 604,998 84,192 61,171 Financial Services 18,782 29,785 Corporate (106,393) (93,681) Total 7,809 6,411 391.3 377.3 3,055,941 2,419,025 304,864 224,756 
 West During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our West segment generated income before income tax expense of 35.2 million and 94.1 million, respectively, an increase of 12.1 and 73.1 , respectively, over the respective prior year period, which were driven by increases in home sales revenue of 73.0 million and 180.8 million, respectively. The revenue increases for the three- and nine-month comparisons were primarily driven by an increase of 29.2 and 31.7 , respectively, in the number of homes delivered, and increases of 11.1 and 7.4 , respectively, in the average sales price per home. The increases in the number of homes delivered were primarily driven by increases in the number of homes under construction, and the average sales price increases were driven by the mix of deliveries within individual communities. Mountain During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our Mountain segment generated income before income tax expense of 31.8 million and 93.9 million, respectively, an increase of 24.8 and 20.5 , respectively, over the respective prior year period, which were driven by increases in home sales revenue of 64.2 million and 102.4 million, respectively. The revenue increases for the three and nine-month comparisons were primarily driven by an increase of 23.6 and 12.8 , respectively, in the number of homes delivered, and increases of 6.0 and 2.0 , respectively, in the average sales price per home. The increases in the number of homes delivered were primarily driven by increases in the number of homes under construction, and the average sales price increases were driven by the mix of deliveries within individual communities. Texas During the three months ended September 30, 2024, our Texas segment generated income before income tax expense of 14.7 million, a decrease of 10.3 over the prior year period, which was primarily driven by a decrease of 5.5 in the percentage of income before income tax expense to home sales revenues due to a decreased gross margin on home sales, which included purchase price accounting of 2.7 million related to our purchase of Anglia. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in home sales revenue of 47.8 

 23 
 Table of Contents 

million, primarily driven by an increase of 38.7 in the number of homes delivered and an increase of 2.9 in the average sales price per home. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our Texas segment generated income before income tax expense of 46.4 million, an increase of 47.2 over the prior year period, which was driven by an increase in home sales revenue of 109.0 million. The revenue increase was primarily driven by an increase of 24.2 in the number of homes delivered, and an increase of 7.3 in the average sales price per home. For both the three- and nine-month comparisons, the increases in the number of homes delivered were primarily driven by increases in the number of homes under construction, and the average sales price increases were driven by the mix of deliveries within individual communities. Southeast During the three months ended September 30, 2024, our Southeast segment generated income before income tax expense of 27.2 million, a decrease of 19.3 over the prior year period, which was primarily driven by a decrease of 5.4 in the percentage of income before income tax expense to home sales revenues due to a decreased margin on home sales and impairment recognized during the current year period. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in home sales revenue of 15.4 million, primarily driven by an increase of 13.0 in the number of homes delivered, and partially offset by a decrease of 3.2 in the average sales price per home. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our Southeast segment generated income before income tax expense of 73.9 million, an increase of 16.0 over the prior year period, which was driven by an increase in home sales revenue of 126.6 million. The revenue increase was primarily driven by an increase of 35.7 in the number of homes delivered, and partially offset by a decrease of 1.0 in the average sales price per home. For both the three- and nine-month comparisons, the increases in the number of homes delivered were primarily driven by increases in the number of homes under construction, and the average sales price decreases were driven by the mix of deliveries within individual communities. Century Complete During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our Century Complete segment generated income before income tax expense of 34.1 million and 84.2 million, respectively, an increase of 10.3 and 37.6 , respectively, over the respective prior year period, which increases were driven by increases in home sales revenue of 50.7 million and 118.0 million, respectively. The revenue increases for the three and nine- month comparisons were primarily driven by an increase of 23.9 and 17.6 , respectively, in the number of homes delivered, primarily driven by increases in the number of homes under construction. Financial Services Our Financial Services segment originates mortgages primarily for our homebuyers, and as such, the volume of loans originated typically correlates to our number of homes delivered. Fluctuations in financial services income before income tax may occur because some components of revenue fluctuate differently than loan volumes, and some expenses are not directly related to mortgage loan volume or to changes in the amount of revenue earned. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our Financial Services segment generated income before income tax of 3.1 million and 18.8 million, respectively, representing a decrease of 74.8 and 36.9 , respectively, as compared to the respective prior year periods. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the number of mortgages originated increased 45.5 and 41.6 , respectively, as compared to the respective prior year periods, which benefited from increased capture rates, and the number of loans sold to third parties increased 35.5 and 37.0 , respectively, as compared to the respective prior year periods. While total loan origination volumes increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease in income before income tax is primarily driven by lower margins on mortgages originated due to a more competitive market, as well as a decrease in the fair value of our mortgage servicing rights portfolio. 

 24 
 Table of Contents 

The following table presents selected operational data for our Financial Services segment in relation to our loan origination activities (dollars in thousands): Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total originations: Number of loans 1,862 1,280 5,118 3,615 Principal 663,789 443,829 1,819,786 1,248,998 Capture rate of Century homebuyers 84 71 82 70 Century Communities 89 77 87 76 Century Complete 74 59 72 59 Average FICO score 729 727 728 725 Century Communities 736 731 735 730 Century Complete 714 719 714 715 Loans sold to third parties: Number of loans sold 1,873 1,382 5,102 3,725 Principal 661,670 473,400 1,807,406 1,281,823 
 Corporate During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our Corporate segment generated losses of 36.1 million and 106.4 million, respectively as compared to a losses of 38.0 million and 93.7 million, respectively, during the same respective periods in 2023. The decrease in loss for the three-month comparison was primarily due to a decrease in compensation costs as compared to the prior year period. The increase in loss for the nine-month comparison was primarily due to increased insurance and acquisition costs and a reduction in interest income as compared to the prior year period, as well as a 7.7 million impairment related to other investments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Homebuilding Gross Margin Homebuilding gross margin represents home sales revenues less cost of home sales revenues and inventory impairment, if applicable. Our homebuilding gross margin percentage, which represents homebuilding gross margin divided by home sales revenues, decreased to 21.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 24.6 in the prior year period, and increased to 21.9 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 21.0 in the prior year period. The decrease for the three-month comparison was primarily driven by higher incentives in the current year period. The increase for the nine-month comparison was primarily driven by deliveries during the prior year period that carried higher incentives. 

 25 
 Table of Contents 

In the following table, we calculate our homebuilding gross margin and our adjusted homebuilding gross margin, as adjusted to exclude inventory impairment, if applicable, and interest in cost of home sales revenues, and further adjusted to exclude the effect of purchase price accounting for acquired work in process inventory, if applicable. Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Home sales revenues 1,116,125 100.0 865,065 100.0 Cost of home sales revenues (873,081) (78.2) (652,411) (75.4) Inventory impairment (1,373) (0.1) Homebuilding gross margin 241,671 21.7 212,654 24.6 Add: Inventory impairment 1,373 0.1 Add: Interest in cost of home sales revenues 16,492 1.5 10,652 1.2 Adjusted homebuilding gross margin excluding interest and inventory impairment (1) 259,536 23.3 223,306 25.8 Add: Purchase price accounting for acquired work in process inventory 3,446 0.3 Adjusted homebuilding gross margin excluding interest, inventory impairment and purchase price accounting for acquired work in process inventory (1) 262,982 23.6 223,306 25.8 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Home sales revenues 3,055,941 100.0 2,419,025 100.0 Cost of home sales revenues (2,386,208) (78.1) (1,910,630) (79.0) Inventory impairment (1,942) (0.1) Homebuilding gross margin 667,791 21.9 508,395 21.0 Add: Inventory impairment 1,942 0.1 Add: Interest in cost of home sales revenues 42,117 1.4 30,729 1.3 Adjusted homebuilding gross margin excluding interest and inventory impairment (1) 711,850 23.3 539,124 22.3 Add: Purchase price accounting for acquired work in process inventory 5,999 0.2 Adjusted homebuilding gross margin excluding interest, inventory impairment and purchase price accounting for acquired work in process inventory (1) 717,849 23.5 539,124 22.3 
 (1) This non-GAAP financial measure should not be used as a substitute for our operating results in accordance with GAAP. See the reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measure and other information under Non-GAAP Financial Measures. An analysis of any non-GAAP financial measure should be used in conjunction with results presented in accordance with GAAP. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our adjusted homebuilding gross margin percentage, excluding inventory impairment (if applicable), interest in cost of home sales revenues, and purchase price accounting for work in process inventory (if applicable), was 23.6 and 23.5 , respectively, as compared to 25.8 and 22.3 for the same respective periods in 2023. We believe the above information is meaningful as it isolates the impact that inventory impairment (if applicable), indebtedness, and acquisitions (if applicable) have on our homebuilding gross margin and allows for comparability of our homebuilding gross margins to previous periods and our competitors . 

 26 
 Table of Contents 

Selling, General and Administrative Expense (dollars in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount Selling, general and administrative 132,972 111,918 21,054 18.8 As a percentage of home sales revenue 11.9 12.9 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount Selling, general and administrative 373,054 315,351 57,703 18.3 As a percentage of home sales revenue 12.2 13.0 
 Our selling, general and administrative expense increased 21.1 million and 57.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the respective prior year periods. For both the three and nine-month comparisons, these increases were primarily attributable to an increase in internal and external commission expense associated with the increase in home sales revenue and increased compensation and other costs due to increased active community count. As a percentage of home sales revenue, our selling, general and administrative expense decreased 100 basis points and 80 basis points during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, driven primarily by increased revenue on a partially fixed cost base. Income Tax Expense At the end of each interim period, we are required to estimate our annual effective tax rate for the fiscal year and to use that rate to provide for income taxes for the current year-to-date reporting period. Our 2024 estimated annual effective tax rate, before discrete items, of 24.6 , is driven by our blended federal and state statutory rate of 24.6 , and certain permanent differences between GAAP and tax, including disallowed deductions for executive compensation offset by estimated federal energy home credits for current year home deliveries. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our estimated annual rate of 24.6 was benefitted by discrete items which had a net impact of decreasing our rate by 0.4 , including the impact of excess tax benefits for vested stock-based compensation. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded income tax expense of 26.9 million and 28.8 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded income tax expense of 73.8 million and 56.9 million, respectively. Segment Assets (dollars in thousands) September 30, December 31 Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Amount Change West 873,401 786,489 86,912 11.1 Mountain 1,054,141 1,051,052 3,089 0.3 Texas 858,559 577,129 281,430 48.8 Southeast 631,256 503,249 128,007 25.4 Century Complete 506,429 386,444 119,985 31.0 Financial Services 473,767 450,208 23,559 5.2 Corporate 383,412 384,791 (1,379) (0.4) Total assets 4,780,965 4,139,362 641,603 15.5 
 Total assets increased to 4.8 billion as of September 30, 2024 as compared to 4.1 billion as of December 31, 2023 , primarily as a result of changes in our inventory balances within our homebuilding segments related to the timing of home and land development construction activities and an increase in the number of homes under construction. 

 27 
 Table of Contents 

Lots owned and controlled September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Owned Controlled Total Owned Controlled Total Owned Controlled Total West 4,445 3,703 8,148 4,036 3,259 7,295 10.1 13.6 11.7 Mountain 8,681 4,808 13,489 8,615 5,025 13,640 0.8 (4.3) (1.1) Texas 12,413 9,693 22,106 8,647 11,027 19,674 43.6 (12.1) 12.4 Southeast 5,563 12,127 17,690 5,486 10,941 16,427 1.4 10.8 7.7 Century Complete 4,584 14,104 18,688 3,839 12,845 16,684 19.4 9.8 12.0 Total 35,686 44,435 80,121 30,623 43,097 73,720 16.5 3.1 8.7 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we continued to strategically increase our lot pipeline, including both organically and through acquisitions, resulting in 80,121 lots owned and controlled at September 30, 2024, compared to 73,720 at December 31, 2023. Of our total lots owned and controlled as of September 30, 2024, 44.5 were owned and 55.5 were controlled, as compared to 41.5 owned and 58.5 controlled as of December 31, 2023. Other Homebuilding Operating Data Net new home contracts Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) September 30, Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Amount Change 2024 2023 Amount Change West 365 269 96 35.7 1,181 849 332 39.1 Mountain 463 395 68 17.2 1,626 1,174 452 38.5 Texas 454 377 77 20.4 1,488 1,252 236 18.8 Southeast 396 352 44 12.5 1,232 945 287 30.4 Century Complete 885 756 129 17.1 2,682 2,268 414 18.3 Total 2,563 2,149 414 19.3 8,209 6,488 1,721 26.5 
 Net new home contracts (new home contracts net of cancellations) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 414 homes, or 19.3 , to 2,563 as compared to 2,149 for the same period in 2023. Net new home contracts for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1,721 homes, or 26.5 , to 8,209 as compared to 6,488 for the same period in 2023. These increases were primarily due to more homes available for sale, as well as favorable market conditions including a more recent moderation in mortgage interest rates. 

 28 
 Table of Contents 

Monthly absorption rate Our overall monthly absorption rate (calculated as monthly net new home contracts divided by selling communities at period end) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 by segment are included in the tables below: Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Amount Change West 4.5 3.2 1.3 40.6 Mountain 3.1 2.7 0.4 14.8 Texas 2.0 3.0 (1.0) (33.3) Southeast 3.5 4.0 (0.5) (12.5) Century Complete 2.5 2.4 0.1 4.2 Total 2.8 2.8 Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Amount Change West 4.8 3.4 1.4 41.2 Mountain 3.8 2.7 1.1 40.7 Texas 3.4 3.3 0.1 3.0 Southeast 4.1 3.6 0.5 13.9 Century Complete 2.6 2.4 0.2 8.3 Total 3.4 2.9 0.5 17.2 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our absorption rates remained consistent at 2.8 per month, respectively. Absorptions in our Texas segment during the three months ended September 30, 2024 were impacted by a partial period of operations from our Anglia acquisition, which occurred on July 31, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our absorption rates increased by 17.2 per month, as compared to the same respective period in 2023, driven by strong demand for new homes during the current period. Selling communities at period end As of September 30, Increase/Decrease 2024 2023 Amount Change West 27 28 (1) (3.6) Mountain 49 49 Texas 74 42 32 76.2 Southeast 38 29 9 31.0 Century Complete 117 104 13 12.5 Total 305 252 53 21.0 
 Our selling communities increased by 53 communities to 305 communities at September 30, 2024 as compared to 252 at September 30, 2023. This 21.0 increase was a result of an increased land pipeline that resulted in new community openings in excess of community closeouts during the first nine months of 2024, and includes our acquisition of Anglia, which added 26 new communities in our Texas segment as of September 30, 2024. 

 29 
 Table of Contents 

Backlog (dollars in thousands) As of September 30, 2024 2023 Change Homes Dollar Value Average Sales Price Homes Dollar Value Average Sales Price Homes Dollar Value Average Sales Price West 315 196,385 623.4 191 116,721 611.1 64.9 68.3 2.0 Mountain 295 171,990 583.0 290 146,137 503.9 1.7 17.7 15.7 Texas 315 99,066 314.5 248 76,224 307.4 27.0 30.0 2.3 Southeast 219 94,202 430.1 299 136,921 457.9 (26.8) (31.2) (6.1) Century Complete 436 109,761 251.7 859 231,166 269.1 (49.2) (52.5) (6.5) Total / Weighted Average 1,580 671,404 424.9 1,887 707,169 374.8 (16.3) (5.1) 13.4 
 Backlog reflects the number of homes, net of cancellations, for which we have entered into a sales contract with a customer but for which we have not yet delivered the home. As of September 30, 2024, we had 1,580 homes in backlog, which represents a decrease of 16.3 as compared to 1,887 homes in backlog at September 30, 2023, with a total value of 671.4 million, as compared to 707.2 million at September 30, 2023. Backlog dollar value decreased due to the decrease in the number of backlog units, and was partially offset by a 13.4 increase in the average sales price of backlog units, largely due to mix. Supplemental Guarantor Information Our 6.750 senior notes due 2027 (which we collectively refer to as our 2027 Notes and our 3.875 senior notes due 2029 (which we collectively refer to as our 2029 Notes and together with the 2027 Notes, the Senior Notes are our unsecured senior obligations and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured basis, jointly and severally, by substantially all of our direct and indirect wholly-owned operating subsidiaries (which we refer to collectively as Guarantors ). Our subsidiaries associated with our Financial Services operations (referred to as Non-Guarantors do not guarantee the Senior Notes. The guarantees are senior unsecured obligations of the Guarantors that rank equal with all existing and future senior debt of the Guarantors and senior to all subordinated debt of the Guarantors. The guarantees are effectively subordinated to any secured debt of the Guarantors. As of September 30, 2024, Century Communities, Inc. had outstanding 1.0 billion in total principal amount of Senior Notes. Each of the indentures governing our Senior Notes provides that the guarantees of a Guarantor will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged: (1) upon any sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition (by merger, consolidation or otherwise) of all of the equity interests of such Guarantor after which the applicable Guarantor is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary (as defined in the respective indentures), which sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition does not constitute an Asset Sale (as defined in the respective indentures) or is made in compliance with applicable provisions of the applicable indenture; (2) upon any sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition (by merger, consolidation or otherwise) of all of the assets of such Guarantor, which sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition does not constitute an Asset Sale or is made in compliance with applicable provisions of the applicable indenture; provided, that after such sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition, such Guarantor is an Immaterial Subsidiary (as defined in the respective indentures); (3) unless a default has occurred and is continuing, upon the release or discharge of such Guarantor from its guarantee of any indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company and the Guarantors so long as such Guarantor would not then otherwise be required to provide a guarantee pursuant to the applicable indenture; provided that if such Guarantor has incurred any indebtedness in reliance on its status as a Guarantor in compliance with applicable provisions of the applicable Indenture, such Guarantor s obligations under such indebtedness, as the case may be, so incurred are satisfied in full and discharged or are otherwise permitted to be incurred by a Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Guarantor) in compliance with applicable provisions of the applicable Indenture; (4) upon the designation of such Guarantor as an Unrestricted Subsidiary (as defined in the respective Indentures), in accordance with the applicable indenture; (5) if the Company exercises its legal defeasance option or covenant defeasance option under the applicable indenture or if the obligations of the Company and the Guarantors are discharged in compliance with applicable provisions of the applicable indenture, upon such exercise or discharge; or (6) in connection with the dissolution of such Guarantor under applicable law in accordance with the applicable indenture. If a guarantor were to become a debtor in a case under the US Bankruptcy Code, a court may decline to enforce its guarantee of the Senior Notes. This may occur when, among other factors, it is found that the guarantor originally received less than fair consideration for the guarantee and the guarantor would be rendered insolvent by enforcement of the guarantee. On the basis of historical financial information, operating history and other factors, we believe that each of the guarantors, after giving effect to the issuance of its guarantee of the Senior Notes when the guarantee was issued, was not insolvent and did not and has not incurred debts beyond its ability to pay 

 30 
 Table of Contents 

such debts as they mature. The Company cannot predict, however, what standard a court would apply in making these determinations or that a court would agree with our conclusions in this regard. Only the 2027 Notes and the related guarantees are registered securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The offer and sale of the 2029 Notes and the related guarantees were not and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and instead were issued in reliance upon an exemption from such registration. Unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act, neither the 2029 Notes nor the related guarantees may be offered and sold only in transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act and the applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction. The Guarantors condensed supplemental financial information is presented in this report as if the Senior Note guarantees existed during the periods presented pursuant to applicable SEC rules and guidance. If any Guarantors are released from the guarantees in future periods, the changes are reflected prospectively. We have determined that separate, full financial statements of the Guarantors would not be material to investors, and accordingly, supplemental financial information is presented below. The following summarized financial information is presented for Century Communities, Inc. and the Guarantor Subsidiaries on a combined basis after eliminating intercompany transactions and balances among Century Communities, Inc. and the Guarantor Subsidiaries , as well as their investment in, and equity in earnings from Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries. Century Communities, Inc. and Guarantor Subsidiaries Summarized Balance Sheet Data (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and cash equivalents 16,493 104,900 Cash held in escrow 70,755 101,845 Accounts receivable 65,080 67,480 Due from non-guarantors 8,222 17,982 Inventories 3,581,099 3,016,641 Prepaid expenses and other assets 352,340 282,056 Property and equipment, net 164,757 68,839 Deferred tax assets, net 17,241 16,998 Goodwill 39,434 30,395 Total assets 4,315,421 3,707,136 Liabilities and stockholders equity Liabilities: Accounts payable 163,122 145,231 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 254,607 259,912 Due to non-guarantors Notes payable 1,118,943 1,062,471 Revolving line of credit 414,000 Total liabilities 1,950,672 1,467,614 Stockholders equity: 2,364,749 2,239,522 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 4,315,421 3,707,136 Summarized Statements of Operations Data (in thousands) Nine Months Ended Year Ended September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total homebuilding revenues 3,058,183 3,611,962 Total homebuilding cost of revenues (2,386,415) (2,840,583) Selling, general and administrative (373,054) (447,311) Inventory impairment (1,942) (1,877) Other expense (16,754) (6,547) Income before income tax expense 280,018 315,644 Income tax expense (67,765) (82,419) Net income 212,253 233,225 

31 
 Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies Critical accounting estimates are those that we believe are both significant and require us to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because we need to estimate the effect of inherently uncertain matters. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experiences and various other factors that we believe to be appropriate under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates , and the estimates included in our financial statements might be impacted if we used different assumptions or conditions. A summary of our critical accounting policies is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2024, in the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies. Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview Our liquidity, consisting of our cash and cash equivalents and cash held in escrow and revolving line of credit availability, was 605.9 million as of September 30, 2024 and 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2023. Our principal uses of capital for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were our land purchases, land development, home construction, the acquisition of Anglia and Landmark, share repurchases, dividends, and the payment of routine liabilities. Cash flows for each of our communities depend on the stage in the development cycle and can differ substantially from reported earnings. Early stages of development or expansion require significant cash outlays for land acquisitions, entitlements and other approvals, and construction of model homes, roads, utilities, general landscaping and other amenities. Because these costs are a component of our inventory and not recognized in our consolidated statements of operations until a home closes, we incur significant cash outlays prior to our recognition of earnings. In the later stages of community development, cash inflows may significantly exceed earnings reported for financial statement purposes, as the cash outflow associated with home and land construction was previously incurred. From a liquidity standpoint, we continue to acquire and develop lots in our markets when they meet our current investment criteria. Short-term Liquidity and Capital Resources We use funds generated by operations, available borrowings under our revolving line of credit, and proceeds from issuances of debt or equity to fund our short-term working capital obligations and our purchases of land, as well as land development, home construction activities, and other cash needs. We had 414.0 million outstanding under our revolving line of credit as of September 30, 2024, as compared to no amounts outstanding as of December 31, 2023, which increase was primarily driven by increased community count and an increase in our investment in homes under construction during the period, as well as our acquisitions of Anglia and Landmark. Our Financial Services operations use funds generated from operations and availability under our mortgage repurchase facilities to finance its operations, including originations of mortgage loans to our homebuyers. Our Century Living operations use excess cash from our operations, as well as project specific secured financing under construction loan agreements to fund development of multi-family projects. We believe that we will be able to fund our current liquidity needs for at least the next twelve months with our cash on hand, cash generated from operations, and cash expected to be available from our revolving line of credit or through accessing debt or equity capital, as needed or appropriate, although no assurance can be provided that such additional debt or equity capital will be available or on acceptable terms based on the macro-economy and market conditions at the time. In a higher interest rate environment, we may incur additional interest expense on borrowings that bear floating interest rates, such as our revolving line of credit. We believe we are well positioned from a cash and liquidity standpoint to operate in an uncertain environment, and to pursue other ways to properly deploy capital to enhance returns, which may include taking advantage of strategic opportunities as they arise . Long-term Liquidity and Capital Resources Beyond the next twelve months, we believe that our principal uses of capital will be land and inventory purchases and other expenditures, as well as principal and interest payments on our long-term debt obligations. We believe that we will be able to fund our long-term liquidity needs with cash generated from operations and cash expected to be available from our revolving line of credit or through accessing debt or equity capital, as needed or appropriate, although no assurance can be provided that such additional debt or equity capital will be available, or on favorable terms, especially if interest rates remain high. In a higher interest rate environment, we may incur additional interest expense on borrowings that bear floating interest rates, such as under our revolving line of credit, repurchase facilities, and construction loan agreements. To the extent these sources of capital are insufficient to meet our needs, we may also conduct additional public or private offerings of our securities, refinance debt, or dispose of certain assets to fund our operating activities and capital needs. 

 32 
 Table of Contents 

Material Cash Requirements In the normal course of business, we enter into contracts and commitments that obligate us to make payments in the future in addition to our outstanding debt obligations and debt service requirements described below. These obligations impact our short-term and long-term liquidity and capital resource needs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to the contractual obligations we previously described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 that was filed with the SEC on February 5, 2024. In the ordinary course of business, we enter into land purchase contracts in order to procure lots for the construction of our homes. We are subject to customary obligations associated with entering into contracts for the purchase of land and improved lots. Purchase and option contracts for the purchase of land enable us to defer acquiring portions of properties owned by third parties until we have determined whether to exercise our option, which may serve to reduce our financial risks associated with long-term land holdings. These purchase contracts typically require a cash deposit, and the purchase of properties under these contracts is generally contingent upon satisfaction of certain requirements, including obtaining applicable property and development entitlements. We also utilize option contracts with land sellers and others as a method of acquiring land in staged takedowns, to help us manage the financial and market risk associated with land holdings, and to reduce the use of funds from our corporate financing sources. Option contracts generally require payment by us of a non-refundable deposit for the right to acquire lots over a specified period of time at pre-determined prices. Our obligations with respect to purchase contracts and option contracts are generally limited to the forfeiture of the related non-refundable cash deposits. As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding purchase contracts and option contracts for 44,435 lots totaling approximately 2.6 billion and we had 94.4 million of deposits for land contracts, of which 56.0 million were non-refundable cash deposits pertaining to land contracts. For contracts for which cash deposits were non-refundable, and subject to the terms of the outstanding contracts continuing to meet our investment criteria, we currently anticipate performing on the majority of our purchase and option contracts during the next 24 months. Our performance, including the timing and amount of purchase, if any, under these outstanding purchase and option contracts is subject to change and dependent on future market conditions. Our utilization of land option contracts is dependent on, among other things, the availability of land sellers willing to enter into option takedown arrangements, the availability of capital to financial intermediaries to finance the development of optioned lots, general housing market conditions, and local market dynamics. Options may be more difficult to procure from land sellers in strong housing markets and are more prevalent in certain geographic regions. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, we explore, and from time to time, enter into purchase agreements to opportunistically acquire other homebuilders to add existing and future lots to our land portfolio and augment the organic expansion of our land portfolio. These acquisitions are often legally structured as asset acquisitions for cash and conditioned upon a due diligence investigation by us of the business for a limited period of time, in addition to other standard and customary closing conditions. Outstanding Debt Obligations and Debt Service Requirements One of our principal liquidity needs is the payment of principal and interest on our outstanding indebtedness. Our outstanding indebtedness is described in detail in Note 10 Debt in the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We are required to meet certain covenants, and as of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all such covenants and requirements under the agreements governing our revolving line of credit, mortgage repurchase facilities, and construction loan agreements. See Note 10 Debt in the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. Our outstanding debt obligations included the following as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (in thousands): September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 3.875 senior notes, due August 2029 (1) 496,235 495,656 6.750 senior notes, due June 2027 (1) 497,823 497,210 Other financing obligations (2) 124,885 69,605 Notes payable 1,118,943 1,062,471 Revolving line of credit 414,000 Mortgage repurchase facilities 247,214 239,298 Total debt 1,780,157 1,301,769 
 (1) The carrying value of the senior notes reflects the impact of premiums, discounts, and issuance costs that are amortized to interest cost over the respective terms of the senior notes. 

 33 
 Table of Contents 

(2) As of September 30, 2024, other financing obligations included 14.5 million related to insurance premium notes and certain secured borrowings, as well as 110.3 million outstanding under construction loan agreements, as described below. As of December 31, 2023, other financing obligations included 24.7 million related to insurance premium notes and certain secured borrowings, as well as 44.9 million outstanding under construction loan agreements. We may from time to time seek to refinance or increase our outstanding debt or retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may or may not be material during any particular reporting period. Letters of Credit and Performance Bonds In the normal course of business, we post letters of credit and performance and other bonds primarily related to our land development performance obligations with local municipalities. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 527.9 million and 510.5 million, respectively, in letters of credit and performance and other bonds issued and outstanding. Although significant development and construction activities have been completed related to the improvements at these sites, the letters of credit and performance and other bonds are not generally fully released until all development and construction activities are completed. Construction Loan Agreements Certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Century Living, LLC are parties to construction loan agreements with various banks (which we collectively refer to as the lenders ). These construction loan agreements collectively provide that we may borrow up to an aggregate of 187.6 million from the lenders for purposes of construction of multi-family projects in Colorado, with advances made by the lenders upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. Borrowings under the construction loan agreements bear interest at various rates, including a fixed rate and floating interest rates per annum equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which we refer to as SOFR and the Bloomberg Short-term Bank Yield Index, plus an applicable margin. The outstanding principal balances and all accrued and unpaid interest is due on varying maturity dates from March 17, 2026 through March 17, 2028, with certain of the construction loan agreements allowing for the option to extend the maturity dates for a period of 12 months if certain conditions are satisfied. The construction loan agreements contain customary affirmative and negative covenants (including covenants related to construction completion, and limitations on the use of loan proceeds, transfers of land, equipment, and improvements), as well as customary events of default. Interest on our construction loan agreements is capitalized to the multi-family properties assets included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets while the related multi-family rental properties are being actively developed. As of September 30, 2024, 110.3 million was outstanding under the construction loan agreements, with borrowings that bore a weighted average interest rate of 7.2 as of September 30, 2024, and we were in compliance with all covenants thereunder. Revolving Line of Credit We are party to a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, as amended, (which we refer to as the Second A R Credit Agreement with Texas Capital Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer, and the lenders party thereto. The Second A R Credit Agreement , which amended and restated our prior Amended and Restated Credit Agreement , provides us with a senior unsecured revolving line of credit (which we refer to as the revolving line of credit of up to 800.0 million, and unless terminated earlier, will mature on April 30, 2026. The revolving line of credit includes a 250.0 million sublimit for standby letters of credit and a 50.0 million sublimit for swingline loans. Under the terms of the Second A R Credit Agreement, we are entitled to request an increase in the size of the revolving line of credit by an amount not exceeding 200.0 million. Our obligations under the Second A R Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries. The Second A R Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants (including limitations on our ability to grant liens, incur additional debt, pay dividends, redeem our common stock, make certain investments and engage in certain merger, consolidation or asset sale transactions), as well as customary events of default. Borrowings under the Second A R Credit Agreement are based on an adjusted term SOFR reference rate, which equals the greater of (i) 0.50 or (ii) the one-month quotation of the SOFR administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, plus 0.10 . As of September 30, 2024, 414.0 million was outstanding under our revolving line of credit, with borrowings that bore an interest rate of 7.4 , and were in compliance with all covenants under the Second A R Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2023, no amount was outstanding under the revolving line of credit. 

 34 
 Table of Contents 

Mortgage Repurchase Facilities Financial Services Inspire is party to mortgage warehouse facilities with J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association and Truist Bank, which provide Inspire with uncommitted repurchase facilities of up to an aggregate of 475.0 million as of September 30, 2024, secured by the mortgage loans financed thereunder. The repurchase facilities have varying short term maturity dates through September 26, 2025. Borrowings under the mortgage repurchase facilities bear interest at variable interest rates per annum equal to SOFR plus an applicable margin, and bore a weighted average interest rate of 6.8 as of September 30, 2024. Amounts outstanding under the repurchase facilities are not guaranteed by us or any of our subsidiaries, and the agreements contain various affirmative and negative covenants applicable to Inspire that are customary for arrangements of this type. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 247.2 million and 239.3 million outstanding under the repurchase facilities, respectively, and were in compliance with all covenants thereunder. Stock Repurchases Our stock repurchase programs, authorized by our Board of Directors, authorize us to repurchase up to 9.0 million shares of our outstanding common stock, of which 5.1 million shares remained available to be repurchased as of September 30, 2024. We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an aggregate of 651.9 thousand shares were repurchased for a total purchase price of approximately 53.1 million and a weighted average price of 81.49 per share. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, an aggregate of 247.8 thousand and 278.2 thousand shares, respectively, were repurchased for a total purchase price of approximately 17.3 million and 19.2 million, respectively, and a weighted average price of 69.61 and 69.09 per share, respectively. Under the terms of these programs, shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws. The actual manner, timing, amount and value of repurchases under the stock repurchase program is determined by management at its discretion and depends on a number of factors, including, among others, the market price of our common stock, trading volume, our available cash balance, our anticipated working capital needs, other capital management objectives and opportunities, applicable legal requirements, applicable tax effects including the 1 excise tax instituted under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, and general market and economic conditions. We finance any stock repurchases through available cash and our revolving line of credit. Repurchases also may be made under a trading plan under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which would permit shares to be repurchased when we otherwise may be precluded from doing so because of self-imposed trading blackout periods or other regulatory restrictions. Our stock repurchase programs have no expiration dates and may be extended, suspended or discontinued by our Board of Directors at any time without notice at our discretion. All shares of common stock repurchased under the programs will be cancelled and returned to the status of authorized but unissued shares of common stock. 

 35 
 Table of Contents 

Cash Dividends The following table sets forth cash dividends declared by our Board of Directors to holders of record of our common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively (in thousands, except per share information): Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Cash Dividends Declared and Paid Declaration Date Record Date Paid Date Per Share Amount February 7, 2024 February 28, 2024 March 13, 2024 0.26 8,264 May 15, 2024 May 29, 2024 June 12, 2024 0.26 8,217 August 14, 2024 August 28, 2024 September 11, 2024 0.26 8,148 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash Dividends Declared and Paid Declaration Date Record Date Paid Date Per Share Amount February 8, 2023 March 1, 2023 March 15, 2023 0.23 7,365 May 17, 2023 May 31, 2023 June 14, 2023 0.23 7,368 August 16, 2023 August 30, 2023 September 13, 2023 0.23 7,341 
 We expect to continue paying our quarterly cash dividends to stockholders for the remainder of 2024. However, the declaration and payment of future cash dividends on our common stock, whether at current levels or at all, are at the discretion of our Board of Directors and depend upon, among other things, our expected future earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, access to external financing, debt structure and any adjustments thereto, operational and financial investment strategy and general financial condition, as well as general business conditions. Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the comparison of cash flows is as follows: Our primary sources of cash flows from operations are from the sale of single-family attached and detached homes and mortgages. Our primary uses of cash flows from operations are the acquisition of land and expenditures associated with the construction of our single-family attached and detached homes and the origination of mortgages held for sale. Net cash used in operating activities was 174.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 33.0 million during the prior year period. This change is primarily a result of increased expenditures related to land acquisition and expenditures associated with the construction of homes during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These increased expenditures were primarily offset by a 63.2 million increase in net income. Net cash used in investing activities increased to 277.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 74.6 million used during the prior year period. This increase was primarily related to (1) 157.1 million in expenditures related to our acquisitions of Anglia and Landmark during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and (2) a 38.2 million increase in expenditures related to the development, construction, and management of multi-family rental properties by our wholly owned subsidiary, Century Living . Net cash provided by financing activities was 388.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash used in financing activities of 56.8 million during the prior year period. This change was primarily attributable to (1) a 414.0 increase in borrowings under our revolving credit facility; (2) a 43.4 million increase in net proceeds for our mortgage repurchase facilities; and (3) a 44.0 million increase in borrowings under construction loan agreements, in each case, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and as compared to the prior year period. These increases were partially offset by 53.1 million in repurchases of our common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 19.2 million in repurchases of our common stock during the prior year period. As of September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash balance was 178.9 million, as compared to 242.0 million as of December 31, 2023. 

 36 
 Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures In this Form 10-Q, we use certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, net homebuilding debt to net capital, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented to provide investors additional information to facilitate the comparison of our past and present operations. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors because they are used to evaluate our performance on a comparable year-over-year basis. These non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, GAAP measures and may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures are not based on any comprehensive or standard set of accounting rules or principles. Accordingly, the calculation of our non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the definitions of other companies using the same or similar names limiting, to some extent, the usefulness of such measures for comparison purposes. Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our financial results as determined in accordance with GAAP. These measures should only be used to evaluate our financial results in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP measures. Accordingly, we qualify our use of non-GAAP financial information in a statement when non-GAAP financial information is presented. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA The following table presents EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures we use as a supplemental measure in evaluating operating performance. We define EBITDA as net income before (i) income tax expense, (ii) interest in cost of home sales revenues, (iii) other interest expense (income), and (iv) depreciation and amortization expense. We define adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA before loss on debt extinguishment (if applicable), inventory impairment (if applicable), purchase price accounting for acquired work in process inventory (if applicable), and impairment on other investments (if applicable) . We believe EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA provide an indicator of general economic performance that is not affected by fluctuations in interest rates or effective tax rates, levels of depreciation or amortization, and items considered to be non-recurring. Accordingly, our management believes that these measurements are useful for comparing general operating performance from period to period. Neither EBITDA or adjusted EBITDA should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, consolidated net income in accordance with GAAP as a measure of performance. Our presentation of adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an indication that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Each of our EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA is limited as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. (dollars in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Net income 83,020 83,150 (0.2) 231,075 167,906 37.6 Income tax expense 26,892 28,849 (6.8) 73,789 56,850 29.8 Interest in cost of home sales revenues 16,492 10,652 54.8 42,117 30,729 37.1 Interest income (369) (1,489) (75.2) (2,693) (6,431) (58.1) Depreciation and amortization expense 6,272 4,106 52.8 17,437 11,019 58.2 EBITDA 132,307 125,268 5.6 361,725 260,073 39.1 Inventory impairment 1,373 NM 1,942 NM Impairment on other investment NM 7,722 NM Purchase price accounting for acquired work in process inventory 3,446 NM 5,999 NM Adjusted EBITDA 137,126 125,268 9.5 377,388 260,073 45.1 
 NM Not Meaningful 

 37 
 Table of Contents 

Net Homebuilding Debt to Net Capital The following table presents our ratio of net homebuilding debt to net capital, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. We calculate this by dividing net homebuilding debt (homebuilding debt less cash and cash equivalents, and cash held in escrow) by net capital (net homebuilding debt plus total stockholders equity). Homebuilding debt is our total debt minus our outstanding borrowings under our construction loan agreements and our repurchase facilities. The most directly comparable GAAP measure is the ratio of debt to total capital. We believe the ratio of net homebuilding debt to net capital is a relevant and useful financial measure to investors in understanding the leverage employed in our operations and as an indicator of our ability to obtain external financing. (dollars in thousands) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Notes payable 1,118,943 1,062,471 Revolving line of credit 414,000 Construction loan agreements (110,337) (44,895) Total homebuilding debt 1,422,606 1,017,576 Total stockholders' equity 2,547,502 2,386,936 Total capital 3,970,108 3,404,512 Homebuilding debt to capital 35.8 29.9 Total homebuilding debt 1,422,606 1,017,576 Cash and cash equivalents (149,155) (226,150) Cash held in escrow (70,755) (101,845) Net homebuilding debt 1,202,696 689,581 Total stockholders' equity 2,547,502 2,386,936 Net capital 3,750,198 3,076,517 Net homebuilding debt to net capital 32.1 22.4 

38 
 Table of Contents 

Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share Adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share (which we refer to as Adjusted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating our operating results and understanding our operating trends without the effect of certain non-recurring items. We believe excluding certain non-recurring items provides more comparable assessment of our financial results from period to period. We define adjusted net income as consolidated net income before (i) income tax expense, (ii) inventory impairment, if applicable (iii) restructuring costs, if applicable, (iv) loss on debt extinguishment, if applicable, (v) purchase price accounting for acquired work in process inventory, if applicable, and (vi) impairment on other investments, if applicable, less adjusted income tax expense, calculated using our estimated annual effective tax rate after discrete items for the applicable period. Adjusted EPS is calculated by dividing adjusted net income by weighted average common shares diluted. (in thousands, except share and per share information) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Numerator Net income 83,020 83,150 231,075 167,906 Denominator Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic 31,336,756 31,962,884 31,596,995 31,967,672 Dilutive effect of stock-based compensation awards 688,259 274,138 520,922 233,005 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 32,025,015 32,237,022 32,117,917 32,200,677 Earnings per share: Basic 2.65 2.60 7.31 5.25 Diluted 2.59 2.58 7.19 5.21 Adjusted earnings per share Numerator Net income 83,020 83,150 231,075 167,906 Income tax expense 26,892 28,849 73,789 56,850 Income before income tax expense 109,912 111,999 304,864 224,756 Inventory impairment 1,373 1,942 Impairment on other investment 7,722 Purchase price accounting for acquired work in process inventory 3,446 5,999 Adjusted income before income tax expense 114,731 111,999 320,527 224,756 Adjusted income tax expense (1) (27,769) (28,849) (77,580) (56,850) Adjusted net income 86,962 83,150 242,947 167,906 Denominator - Diluted 32,025,015 32,237,022 32,117,917 32,200,677 Adjusted diluted earnings per share 2.72 2.58 7.56 5.21 
 (1) The tax rates used in calculating adjusted net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 24.2 , respectively, which are reflective of our GAAP tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The tax rates used in calculating adjusted net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were 25.8 and 25.3 , respectively, which are reflective of our GAAP tax rates for the applicable periods. 

 39 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. Interest Rates Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate risk associated with our Second A R Credit Agreemen t and construction loan agreements. There have been no material changes in our market risk since December 31, 2023. For additional information regarding our market risk, refer to the Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Inflation Our homebuilding operations have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by inflation, primarily from higher land, financing, labor, material, and construction costs. The Federal Reserve aggressively raised the federal funds interest rates during 2022 and 2023, in order to mitigate persistent inflation, which significantly impacting the U.S housing market. While the Federal Reserve reduced the federal funds interest rate during the third quarter of 2024, we cannot provide any assurance as to the impact of changes to the federal funds interest rate or mortgage rates on our current or future business. Inflation has led and could continue to lead to higher mortgage rates, which has and could continue to significantly affect the affordability of mortgage financing to homebuyers and lead to weakened demand for our homes, as well as increased cancellations compared to prior year periods. Seasonality Historically, the homebuilding industry experiences seasonal fluctuations in quarterly operating results and capital requirements. We typically experience the highest new home order activity during the spring, although this activity is also highly dependent on the number of active selling communities, timing of new community openings and other market factors. Since it typically takes four to five months to construct a new home, we typically deliver more homes in the second half of the year as spring and summer home starts convert to home deliveries. Because of this seasonality, home starts, construction costs and related cash outflows have historically been highest in the second and third quarters, and the majority of our cash receipts from home deliveries occurs during the second half of the year. This seasonality pattern may be affected by volatility in the homebuilding industry, supply chain challenges, subcontractor and labor shortages, and changes in demand for our homes. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our co-principal executive officers and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (which we refer to as the Exchange Act )) as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, our co-principal executive officers and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes during the third quarter of 2024 in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting, except for changes to integrate the operations of Anglia. PART II OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1 . LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. Because of the nature of the homebuilding business, we and certain of our subsidiaries and affiliates have been named as defendants in various claims, complaints and other legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of our management, the outcome of these ordinary course matters will not have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 40 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. There have been no material changes to the risk factors we previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 that was filed with the SEC on February 5, 2024. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. We did not purchase any shares of our common stock or other equity securities of ours during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. None. ITEM 4 . MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. Rule 10b5-1 Plan and Non-Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement Adoptions, Terminations, and Modifications During the three months ended September 30, 2024, of our or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of SEC Regulation S-K. 

 41 
 Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. E XHIBITS. The following exhibits are either filed or furnished herewith or incorporated herein by reference: Item No. Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Century Communities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Century Communities, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for quarter ended September 30, 2023 (File No. 001-36491)). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Century Communities, Inc., effective November 9, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Century Communities, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 10, 2022 (File No. 001-36491)). 10.1 Second Modification Agreement effective as of July 19, 2024 among Century Communities, Inc., the guarantor parties thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Texas Capital Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (filed herewith) 22.1 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries (filed herewith) 31.1 Certification of the Co-Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (filed herewith) 31.2 Certification of the Co-Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (filed herewith) 31.3 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (filed herewith) 32.1 Certification of the Co-Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 32.2 Certification of the Co-Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 32.3 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith) 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

42 
 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Century Communities, Inc. Date: October 23, 2024 By: /s/ Dale Francescon Dale Francescon Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 23, 2024 By: /s/ Robert J. Francescon Robert J. Francescon Co-Chief Executive Officer and President (Co-Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 23, 2024 By: /s/ J. Scott Dixon J. Scott Dixon Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

43 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ccs-20240930xex10_1.htm
 EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT 

This SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made to be effective as of July 19, 2024 (the Effective Date ), by and among (i) CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC. , a Delaware corporation Borrower ), (ii) the undersigned Guarantors, (iii) the undersigned Lenders, and (iv) TEXAS CAPITAL BANK , a Texas state bank, formerly known as TEXAS CAPITAL BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as Administrative Agent Administrative Agen t ). 

W I T N E S S E T H : 

WHEREAS, Administrative Agent, Borrower and the Lenders are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), dated May 21, 2021, which established a revolving line of credit in the maximum principal sum of 800,000,000 (the Credit Facility ); and 

WHEREAS, as a result of a Benchmark Transition Event, pursuant to Section 3.3(b) of the Credit Agreement, Administrative Agent, Borrower and the Guarantors executed that certain First Modification Agreement (the First Modification Agreement ), dated December 21, 2022, to (i) adopt a Benchmark Replacement, and (ii) make Benchmark Conforming Changes; and 

WHEREAS, Borrower desires to add a swingline sublimit to the Credit Facility, and designate Texas Capital Bank as the swingline lender; and 

WHEREAS, Administrative Agent, Borrower, the undersigned Guarantors and the undersigned Lenders now propose to further modify the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement, the First Modification Agreement and the other related documents executed by Borrower or third parties pertaining to, evidencing or securing the Credit Facility (collectively, the Loan Documents ). 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Administrative Agent, Borrower, the undersigned Guarantors and the undersigned Lenders hereby agree as follows: 

1. 
			 Definitions . All terms used herein with initial capital letters, but not defined herein, shall have the meanings specified in the Credit Agreement. 

2. 
			 Amendments to the Credit Agreement . The text of the Credit Agreement (excluding the Exhibits and Schedules thereto) is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double - underlined as set forth in the pages of the Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A . 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT - Page 1 

3. 
			 Real Estate Subsidiaries . Borrower hereby represents and warrants to Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 

(a) 
			 the entities listed on Exhibit B attached hereto (the Concluded Entities ), which were all previously Real Estate Subsidiaries, have ceased to conduct business and are no longer Real Estate Subsidiaries; and 

(b) 
			 the entities listed on Exhibit C attached hereto (the New Real Estate Subsidiaries ), became Real Estate Subsidiaries subsequent to the date of the First Modification Agreement, and are all Real Estate Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement; and 

(c) 
			 Borrower has no Real Estate Subsidiaries other than those listed on Schedule 6.13 attached hereto (and, if subsequent to the date hereof, such additional Real Estate Subsidiaries as have been formed or in compliance with Section 7.13 of the Credit Agreement) and Schedule 6.13 sets forth the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of each such Real Estate Subsidiary and the percentage of Borrower s ownership interest in such Real Estate Subsidiary. 

4. 
			 Release of the Concluded Entities . 

(a) 
			 From and after the date of this Agreement, the Concluded Entities shall no longer be Guarantors under the Credit Agreement or any Guaranty executed by such entities. Administrative Agent and the Lender hereby release the Concluded Entities from any claims or liabilities arising under the Loan Documents, except those that expressly survive repayment of the Credit Facility pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents. 

(b) 
			 The Concluded Entities hereby release Administrative Agent and each Lender from any claims or liabilities arising in connection with the Credit Facility or the Loan Documents. To the extent that the Concluded Entities have any claims against Administrative Agent or any Lender arising in connection with the Credit Facility or the Loan Documents, whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, such claims are hereby forever irrevocably waived and released in their entirety. 

5. 
			 Amended and Restated Guaranty . Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, Borrower shall cause all Real Estate Subsidiaries (including the New Real Estate Subsidiaries) to execute and deliver to Administrative Agent that certain Third Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement, dated of even date herewith, in form and content satisfactory to Administrative Agent. Such document shall be a Guaranty, and all entities that execute such document shall be Guarantors, as such terms are defined in the Credit Agreement. 

6. 
			 Representations Regarding Ownership and Governance . Borrower hereby represents and warrants to Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: (i) Borrower is a publicly traded company; (ii) the governing documents of Borrower have not been amended, modified, or repealed in any respect, since Borrower presented certified copies of such documents to Administrative Agent on May 21, 2021; and (iii) all governing documents presented by Borrower 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT - Page 2 

to Administrative Agent on May 21, 2021 remain in full force and effect as of the date of this Agreement. 

7. 
			 Acknowledgment by Borrower . Except as otherwise specified herein, the terms and provisions hereof shall in no manner impair, limit, restrict or otherwise affect the obligations of Borrower or any third party to Administrative Agent and Lenders, as evidenced by the Loan Documents. Borrower hereby acknowledges, agrees and represents that (i) Borrower is indebted to Lenders pursuant to the terms of the Notes; (ii) there are no claims or offsets against, or defenses or counterclaims to, the terms or provisions of the Loan Documents, and the other obligations created or evidenced by the Loan Documents; (iii) Borrower has no claims, offsets, defenses or counterclaims arising from any of Administrative Agent s or Lenders acts or omissions with respect to the Loan Documents or Administrative Agent s or Lenders performance under the Loan Documents; (iv) the representations and warranties of Borrower contained in the Loan Documents are true and correct as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date; (v) Borrower is not in default and no event has occurred which, with the passage of time, giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default by Borrower of its obligations under the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, and (vi) neither Administrative Agent nor Lenders are in default and no event has occurred which, with the passage of time, giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default by Administrative Agent or Lenders of their respective obligations under the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents. To the extent Borrower now has any claims, offsets, defenses or counterclaims against Administrative Agent or Lenders or the repayment of all or a portion of the Credit Facility, whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, same are hereby forever irrevocably waived and released in their entirety. 

8. 
			 No Waiver of Remedies . Except as may be expressly set forth herein, nothing contained in this Agreement shall prejudice, act as, or be deemed to be a waiver of any right or remedy available to Administrative Agent or Lenders by reason of the occurrence or existence of any fact, circumstance or event constituting a default under the Loan Documents. 

9. 
			 Joinder of Guarantors . By its execution hereof, each Guarantor hereby (i) acknowledges and consents to the terms and provisions hereof; (ii) ratifies and confirms the Guaranty, including all interest and costs of collection, to or for the benefit of Administrative Agent and Lenders; (iii) agrees that the Guaranty is and shall remain in full force and effect and that the terms and provisions of the Guaranty cover and pertain to the Credit Facility, Notes and other Loan Documents as modified hereby; (iv) acknowledges that there are no claims or offsets against, or defenses or counterclaims to, the terms and provisions of the Guaranty or the other obligations created and evidenced by the Guaranty; (v) certifies that the representations and warranties contained in the Guaranty remain true and correct representations and warranties of Guarantor as of the date hereof; and (vi) acknowledges that Administrative Agent and Lenders have satisfied and performed their covenants and obligations under the Guaranty and the other Loan Documents, and that no action or failure to act by or on behalf of, Administrative Agent or Lenders has or will give rise to any cause of action or other claim against Administrative Agent or Lenders for breach of the Guaranty or other Loan Documents or otherwise. 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT - Page 3 

10. 
			 Costs and Expenses . Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery hereof, Borrower shall pay, or cause to be paid, all costs and expenses incident to the preparation, execution and recordation hereof and the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby, including, but not limited to, reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel to Administrative Agent. 

11. 
			 Additional Documentation . From time to time, Borrower shall execute or procure and deliver to Administrative Agent such other and further documents and instruments evidencing, securing or pertaining to the Credit Facility or the Loan Documents as shall be reasonably requested by Administrative Agent so as to evidence or effect the terms and provisions hereof. If requested by Administrative Agent, Borrower shall cause to be delivered to Administrative Agent, an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to Administrative Agent, opining to (i) the validity and enforceability of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents executed on this date in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby; (ii) the authority of Borrower, and any constituents of Borrower, to execute, deliver and perform its or their respective obligations under the Loan Documents, as hereby modified; and (iii) such other matters as reasonably requested by Administrative Agent. 

12. 
			 Effectiveness of the Loan Documents . Except as expressly modified by the terms and provisions hereof, each of the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents are hereby ratified and shall remain in full force and effect; provided, however, that any reference in any of the Loan Documents to the Credit Facility, the amount constituting the Credit Facility, any defined terms, or to any of the other Loan Documents shall be deemed, from and after the date hereof, to refer to the Credit Facility, the amount constituting the Credit Facility, defined terms and to such other Loan Documents, as modified hereby. 

13. 
			 Governing Law . THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS HEREOF SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN. 

14. 
			 Time . Time is of the essence in the performance of the covenants contained herein and in the Loan Documents. 

15. 
			 Binding Agreement . This Agreement shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of the parties hereto; provided, however, the foregoing shall not be deemed or construed to (i) permit, sanction, authorize or condone the assignment of any rights, titles or interests in and to Borrower, or (ii) confer any right, title, benefit, cause of action or remedy upon any person or entity not a party hereto, which such party would not or did not otherwise possess. 

16. 
			 Headings . The section headings hereof are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall in no way alter, amend, define or be used in the construction or interpretation of the text of such section. 

17. 
			 Construction . Whenever the context hereof so requires, reference to the singular shall include the plural and likewise, the plural shall include the singular; words denoting gender shall be construed to mean the masculine, feminine or neuter, as appropriate; and specific 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT - Page 4 

enumeration shall not exclude the general, but shall be construed as cumulative of the general recitation. 

18. 
			 Severability . If any clause or provision of this Agreement is or should ever be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any present or future law applicable to the terms hereof, then and in that event, it is the intention of the parties hereto that the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and that in lieu of each such clause or provision of this Agreement that is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such clause or provision shall be judicially construed and interpreted to be as similar in substance and content to such illegal, invalid or unenforceable clause or provision, as the context thereof would reasonably suggest, so as to thereafter be legal, valid and enforceable. 

19. 
			 Counterparts . To facilitate execution, this Agreement may be executed in as many counterparts as may be convenient or required. It shall not be necessary that the signature and acknowledgment of, or on behalf of, each party, or that the signature and acknowledgment of all persons required to bind any party, appear on each counterpart. All counterparts shall collectively constitute a single instrument. It shall not be necessary in making proof of this Agreement to produce or account for more than a single counterpart containing the respective signatures of, or on behalf of, each of the parties hereto. Any signature page to any counterpart may be detached from such counterpart without impairing the legal effect of the signatures thereon and thereafter attached to another counterpart identical thereto except having attached to it additional signature pages. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or portable document format (PDF) via email shall be equally as effective as delivery of an executed original counterpart. 

20. 
			 Electronic Signatures . As used in this paragraph, the term Electronic Signature means an electronic symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. This Agreement may be executed by any party hereto in the form of an Electronic Signature, which Electronic Signature shall have the same legal effect as, and enforceability as, a manually executed signature. Each party hereto (i) agrees that, for all purposes, an electronic image of this Agreement (including any signature pages thereto) shall have the same legal effect, validity, admissibility into evidence and enforceability as any paper original, and (ii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the validity, admissibility into evidence or enforceability of this Agreement based upon the lack of paper original, including with respect to any signatures thereon. 

21. 
			 Conditions Precedent . This Agreement shall become effective only upon the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) 
			 Administrative Agent has received counterparts of this Agreement duly executed by Borrower, Administrative Agent, each of the Guarantors and the Required Lenders; and 

(b) 
			 Administrative Agent has received evidence that all fees, expenses and reimbursement amounts due and payable to Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of counsel to Administrative Agent), have been paid. 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT - Page 5 

22. 
			 Notice of Final Agreement . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS EMBODY THE FINAL, ENTIRE AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO AND THERETO AND SUPERSEDE ANY AND ALL PRIOR COMMITMENTS, AGREEMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND UNDERSTANDINGS, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND THEREOF AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED OR VARIED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OR DISCUSSIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR THERETO. THERE ARE NO ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO OR THERETO. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS MAY BE AMENDED OR WAIVED ONLY BY AN INSTRUMENT IN WRITING SIGNED BY THE RESPECTIVE PARTIES TO SUCH DOCUMENTS. 

[The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank. The signature pages follow.] 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT - Page 6 

EXECUTED to be effective as of the Effective Date. 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT : 

TEXAS CAPITAL BANK , 

formerly known as 

TEXAS CAPITAL BANK, 

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By: /s/ Jon Larson 

Name : Jon Larson 

Title: Managing Director 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Administrative Agent s Signature Page 

LENDER : 

TEXAS CAPITAL BANK, 

formerly known as 

TEXAS CAPITAL BANK, 

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By: /s/ Jon Larson 

Name : Jon Larson 

Title: Managing Director 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Lender s Signature Page [Texas Capital Bank] 

LENDER : 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 

By: /s/ Helen Chan 

Name : Helen Chan 

Title: Vice President 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Lender s Signature Page [Bank of America, N.A.] 

LENDER : 

FIFTH THIRD BANK, 

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By: /s/ Talianna Carlson M anne 

Name : Ta lianna Carlson Manne 

Title: Senior Vice President 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Lender s Signature Page [Fifth Third Bank, National Association] 

LENDER : 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By: /s/ David Prowse 

Name : David Prowse 

Title: Sr. Vice President 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Lender s Signature Page [U.S. Bank National Association] 

LENDER : 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , successor to BBVA USA 

By: /s/ J. Richard Litton 

Name : J. Richard Litton 

Title: S enior Vice President 

: 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Lender s Signature Page [PNC Bank, National Association] 

LENDER : 

WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A. 

By: /s/ Bret Sumner 

Name : Bret Sumner 

Title: Executive Director 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Lender s Signature Page [Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.] 

LENDER : 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 

By: /s/ Jordan Santora 

Name : Jordan Santora 

Title: Vice President 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Lender s Signature Page [JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.] 

LENDER : 

BMO BANK N.A 

f ormerly known as BMO HARRIS BANK N.A . 

By: /s/ Richard Flores 

Name Richard Flores 

Title: Managing Director 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Lender s Signature Page [BMO Bank N.A.] 

LENDER : 

ZIONS BANCORPORATION, N.A. 

dba VECTRA BANK COLORADO 

By: /s/ Hans Forslund 

Name: Hans Forslund 

Title: Vice President 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Lender s Signature Page [Zions Bancorporation, N.A.] 

LENDER : 

COMERICA BANK 

By: /s/ Charles Weddell 

Name: Charles Weddell 

Title: Senior Vice President 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Lender s Signature Page [Comerica Bank] 

LENDER : 

CADENCE BANK 

formerly known as 

BANCORPSOUTH BANK 

By: /s/ Ryan Davis 

Name: Ryan Davis 

Title: Sr. Vice President 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Lender s Signature Page [Cadence Bank] 

LENDER : 

UMPQUA BANK , 

an Oregon state-chartered bank, 

formerly known as Columbia State Bank, 

a Washington state-chartered bank 

By: /s/ David K. Adams 

Name: David K. Adams 

Title: Senior Vice President 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Lender s Signature Page [Umpqua Bank] 

BORROWER : 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC. , 

a Delaware corporation 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer 

GUARANTORS : 

WJHAL LLC , 

an Alabama limited liability company 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION OF 

ARIZONA, LLC, 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF ARIZONA, LLC , 

WJHAZ LLC , and 

WJH BROKERAGE AZ LLC , 

all Arizona limited liability companies 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

BMC REALTY ADVISORS, INC. , 

a California corporation 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Guarantors Signature Page 1 of 8 

AUGUSTA POINTE, LLC , 

AVALON AT INVERNESS, LLC , 

AVR A, LLC , 

AVR B, LLC , 

AVR C, LLC , 

BEACON POINTE, LLC , 

BLACKSTONE HOMES, LLC , 

BRADBURN VILLAGE HOMES, LLC , 

CC COMMUNITIES, LLC , 

CCC HOLDINGS, LLC , 

CCH HOMES, LLC , 

CENTENNIAL HOLDING COMPANY LLC , 

CENTURY AT ANTHOLOGY, LLC , 

CENTURY AT ASH MEADOWS, LLC , 

CENTURY AT AUTUMN VALLEY RANCH, LLC , 

CENTURY AT BEACON POINTE, LLC , 

CENTURY AT BELLEVIEW PLACE, LLC , 

CENTURY AT CALEY, LLC , 

CENTURY AT CANDELAS, LLC , 

CENTURY AT CAROUSEL FARMS, LLC , 

CENTURY AT CASTLE PINES TOWN CENTER, LLC , 

CENTURY AT CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC , 

CENTURY AT COLLIERS HILL, LLC , 

CENTURY AT COMPARK VILLAGE NORTH, LLC , 

CENTURY AT COMPARK VILLAGE SOUTH, LLC , 

CENTURY AT COYOTE CREEK, LLC , 

CENTURY AT FOREST MEADOWS, LLC , 

CENTURY AT HARVEST MEADOWS, LLC , 

CENTURY AT LANDMARK, LLC , 

CENTURY AT LITTLETON VILLAGE, LLC , 

CENTURY AT LITTLETON VILLAGE II, LLC , 

CENTURY AT LOR, LLC , 

CENTURY AT LOWRY, LLC , 

CENTURY AT MARVELLA, LLC , 

CENTURY AT MAYFIELD, LLC , 

CENTURY AT MEADOWBROOK, LLC , 

CENTURY AT MIDTOWN, LLC , 

CENTURY AT MILLENNIUM, LLC , 

CENTURY AT MURPHY CREEK, LLC , 

CENTURY AT OAK STREET, LLC , 

CENTURY AT OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS, LLC , 

CENTURY AT OUTLOOK, LLC , 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Guarantors Signature Page 2 of 8 

CENTURY AT PEARSON GROVE, LLC , 

CENTURY AT SALISBURY HEIGHTS, LLC , 

CENTURY AT SHALOM PARK, LLC , 

CENTURY AT SOUTHSHORE, LLC , 

CENTURY AT SPRING VALLEY RANCH, LLC , 

CENTURY AT TANGLEWOOD, LLC , 

CENTURY AT TERRAIN, LLC , 

CENTURY AT THE GROVE, LLC, 

CENTURY AT THE HEIGHTS, LLC , 

CENTURY AT THE MEADOWS, LLC , 

CENTURY AT VISTA RIDGE, LLC , 

CENTURY AT WILDGRASS, LLC , 

CENTURY AT WOLF RANCH, LLC , 

CENTURY AT WYNDHAM HILL, LLC , 

CENTURY BUILDING SUPPLY, LLC , 

CENTURY CITY, LLC , 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES INVESTMENTS LLC, 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES MERCHANDISING GROUP, LLC , 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF FLORIDA, LLC , 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF GEORGIA, LLC , 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF IDAHO, LLC , 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES SOUTHEAST, LLC , 

CENTURY COUPLET, LLC , 

CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC , 

CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS II, LLC , 

CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS OF TEXAS, LLC , 

CENTURY LINCOLN STATION, LLC , 

CENTURY LIVING AT COMPARK, LLC , 

CENTURY LIVING AT VERONA, LLC , 

CENTURY LIVING, LLC , 

CENTURY TOWNHOMES AT CANDELAS, LLC , 

CHERRY HILL PARK, LLC , 

COTTAGES AT WILLOW PARK, LLC , 

CROWN HILL, LLC , 

ENCLAVE AT PINE GROVE, LLC , 

ESTATES AT CHATFIELD FARMS, LLC , 

HEARTH AT OAK MEADOWS, LLC , 

HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC , 

LADERA, LLC , 

LAKEVIEW FORT COLLINS, LLC , 

LINCOLN PARK AT RIDGEGATE, LLC, 

MERIDIAN RANCH, LLC , 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Guarantors Signature Page 3 of 8 

MONTECITO AT RIDGEGATE, LLC , 

PARK 5 TH AVENUE DEVELOPMENT CO., LLC , 

RED ROCKS POINTE, LLC , 

RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC , 

RESERVE AT THE MEADOWS, LLC , 

SADDLEBACK HEIGHTS, LLC , 

SAH HOLDINGS, LLC , 

STETSON RIDGE HOMES, LLC , 

THE OVERLOOK AT TALLYN S REACH, LLC , 

THE RETREAT AT RIDGEGATE, LLC , 

THE VERANDA, LLC , 

VENUE AT ARISTA, LLC , 

VERONA ESTATES, LLC , 

VILLAS AT MURPHY CREEK, LLC , 

WATERSIDE AT HIGHLAND PARK, LLC , 

WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS, LLC , 

WESTOWN TOWNHOMES, LLC , and 

WILDGRASS, LLC , 

all Colorado limited liability companies 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

BENCHMARK COMMUNITIES, LLC , 

BMC EAST GARRISON, LLC , 

BMC EG BLUFFS, LLC , 

BMC EG BUNGALOW, LLC , 

BMC EG GARDEN, LLC , 

BMC EG GROVE, LLC , 

BMC EG TOWNS, LLC , 

BMC EG VILLAGE, LLC , 

BMCH CALIFORNIA, LLC , 

BMCH TENNESSEE, LLC , 

BMCH WASHINGTON, LLC , 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF CALIFORNIA, LLC , 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF FLORIDA REALTY 

GROUP, LLC , 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Guarantors Signature Page 4 of 8 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF NEVADA, LLC , 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF NORTH CAROLINA, 

LLC , 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF SOUTH CAROLINA, 

LLC , 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF TENNESSEE, LLC , 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF WASHINGTON, LLC , 

CENTURY TUSCANY GC, LLC , 

UCP, LLC , 

UCP BARCLAY III, LLC , 

UCP EAST GARRISON, LLC , 

UCP KERMAN, LLC , 

UCP MEADOWOOD III, LLC , 

UCP SAGEWOOD, LLC , 

UCP TAPESTRY, LLC , 

WJH LLC , and 

WJH LLC OF DELAWARE , 

all Delaware limited liability companies 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

CASA ACQUISITION CORP. , 

a Delaware corporation 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

WJH BROKERAGE FL LLC , 

a Florida limited liability company 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Guarantors Signature Page 5 of 8 

CCG CONSTRUCTORS LLC , and 

CCG REALTY GROUP LLC , 

all Georgia limited liability companies 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

WJH BROKERAGE IN LLC , 

an Indiana limited liability company 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

WJH BROKERAGE IA LLC , 

an Iowa limited liability company 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

WJHID LLC , 

an Idaho limited liability company 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Guarantors Signature Page 6 of 8 

WJHKY LLC , 

a Kentucky limited liability company 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

WJH BROKERAGE MI LLC , 

a Michigan limited liability company 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF NEVADA REALTY, 

LLC , 

a Nevada limited liability company 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

CC SOUTHEAST CONSTRUCTORS, LLC , 

CCNC REALTY GROUP, LLC , 

WJHAL2 LLC , and 

WJH BROKERAGE NC LLC , 

all North Carolina limited liability companies 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Guarantors Signature Page 7 of 8 

WJH BROKERAGE OH LLC, d/b/a WADE JURNEY 

HOMES , 

an Ohio limited liability company 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

CCSC REALTY GROUP, LLC , 

a South Carolina limited liability company 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

WJH BROKERAGE TX LLC , 

a Texas limited liability company 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC , 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF UTAH, LLC , CENTURY 

COMMUNITIES REALTY OF UTAH, LLC , and 

CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS OF UTAH, LLC , 

all Utah limited liability companies 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Guarantors Signature Page 8 of 8 

CONCLUDED ENTITIES : 

BLUFFMONT ESTATES, LLC , 

CENTURY RHODES RANCH GC, LLC , 

HOMETOWN, LLC , 

HOMETOWN SOUTH, LLC , 

PENINSULA VILLAS, LLC , 

THE WHEATLANDS, LLC , and 

VILLAS AT HIGHLAND PARK, LLC , 

all Colorado limited liability companies 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

BMCH NORTH CAROLINA, LLC , 

NEIGHBORHOOD ASSOCIATIONS GROUP, LLC , and 

UCP SOLEDAD, LLC , 

all Delaware limited liability companies 

By: /s/ Scott Dixon 

Name: Scott Dixon 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

SECOND MODIFICATION AGREEMENT Concluded Entities Signature Page 

EXHIBIT A 

Amendments to the Credit Agreement 

[The amendments to the Credit Agreement follow this cover page.] 

EXHIBIT A Amendments to the Credit Agreement Cover Page 

EXHIBIT A 

to Second Modification Agreement, dated July 19, 2024 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

among 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC., 

as Borrower 

THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO 

and 

TEXAS CAPITAL BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender and L/C Issuer 

TEXAS CAPITAL BANK , NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

BBVA USA, 

BofA SECURITIES, INC., 

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, and 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners 

WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as Syndication Agent 

DATED AS OF MAY 21, 2021 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS 

1 

Section 1.1 

Definitions . 

1 

Section 1.2 

Accounting Matters . . ... 

35 

Section 1.3 

ERISA Matters . . .. 

35 

Section 1.4 

Letter of Credit Amounts . . .. 

36 

Section 1.5 

Other Definitional Provisions . 

36 

Section 1.6 

Interpretative Provision . . 

36 

Section 1.7 

Times of Day . . .. 

36 

Section 1.8 

Other Loan Documents . . . 

36 

Section 1.9 

Divisions . . . 

37 

Section 1.10 

Rates . . . .. 

37 

ARTICLE 2 THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 

37 

Section 2.1 

The Loans . . ... 

37 

Section 2.2 

Letters of Credit . . 

39 

Section 2.3 

Borrowing Base and Sublimits . .. 

47 

Section 2.4 

Fees . . . 

49 

Section 2.5 

Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback 

49 

Section 2.6 

Evidence of Debt . . 

51 

Section 2.7 

Cash Collateral . . .. 

51 

Section 2.8 

Interest; Payment Terms . . .. 

52 

Section 2.9 

Prepayments . . .. 

55 

Section 2.10 

Uncommitted Increase in Commitments 

56 

Section 2.11 

Uncommitted Extension Option 

57 

Section 2.12 

Swingline Loans ...................................................................................... 

58 

ARTICLE 3 TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND INDEMNITY 

61 

Section 3.1 

Increased Costs . . ... 

61 

Section 3.2 

Illegality . . . . 

62 

Section 3.3 

Changed Circumstances; Benchmark Replacement 

63 

Section 3.4 

Taxes . . . .. 

66 

Section 3.5 

Compensation for Losses . . .. 

70 

Section 3.6 

Mitigation of Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 

71 

Section 3.7 

Survival . . . . 

72 

ARTICLE 4 [Intentionally Omitted.] . 

72 

ARTICLE 5 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT . 

72 

Section 5.1 

Initial Extension of Credit . . 

72 

Section 5.2 

All Extensions of Credit . . 

74 

ARTICLE 6 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . 

75 

Section 6.1 

Entity Existence . . 

75 

Section 6.2 

Financial Statements; Etc . . 

75 

Section 6.3 

Action; No Breach . . . .. 

75 

Section 6.4 

Operation of Business . . . 

76 

Section 6.5 

Litigation and Judgments . . . .. 

76 

Section 6.6 

Rights in Properties; Liens . . . 

76 

Section 6.7 

Enforceability . . . 

76 

Section 6.8 

Approvals . . . 

76 

Section 6.9 

Taxes .. 

76 

Section 6.10 

Use of Proceeds; Margin Securities . 

77 

Section 6.11 

ERISA . . . 

77 

Section 6.12 

Disclosure . . . 

77 

Section 6.13 

Subsidiaries . . . 

78 

Section 6.14 

Agreements 

78 

Section 6.15 

Compliance with Laws . 

78 

Section 6.16 

Inventory 

78 

Section 6.17 

Regulated Entities . 

78 

Section 6.18 

Environmental Matters 

78 

Section 6.19 

Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions; Etc ... 

79 

Section 6.20 

Patriot Act ... 

80 

Section 6.21 

Insurance 

80 

Section 6.22 

Solvency 

80 

Section 6.23 

Businesses .. 

80 

Section 6.24 

Labor Matters .. 

80 

Section 6.25 

Material Agreements 

80 

Section 6.26 

Intellectual Property 

80 

Section 6.27 

Hedge Agreements 

80 

Section 6.28 

Beneficial Ownership Certification . 

80 

ARTICLE 7 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

81 

Section 7.1 

Reporting Requirements .. 

81 

Section 7.2 

Maintenance of Existence; Conduct of Business 

83 

Section 7.3 

Maintenance of Properties .. 

84 

Section 7.4 

Taxes and Claims . 

84 

Section 7.5 

Insurance 

84 

Section 7.6 

Inspection Rights . 

84 

Section 7.7 

Keeping Books and Records 

85 

Section 7.8 

Compliance with Laws . 

85 

Section 7.9 

Compliance with Agreements . 

85 

Section 7.10 

Further Assurances . 

85 

Section 7.11 

ERISA 

85 

Section 7.12 

Depository Relationship 

85 

Section 7.13 

Additional Guarantors 

85 

Section 7.14 

Lien Claims 

85 

Section 7.15 

Construction Responsibilities . 

86 

Section 7.16 

Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws ... 

86 

ARTICLE 8 NEGATIVE COVENANTS ... 

86 

Section 8.1 

Debt 

86 

Section 8.2 

Limitation on Liens .. 

87 

Section 8.3 

Mergers, Etc . 

88 

Section 8.4 

Restricted Payments . 

88 

Section 8.5 

Loans and Investments . 

88 

Section 8.6 

Limitation on Issuance of Equity . 

89 

Section 8.7 

Transactions With Affiliates . 

89 

Section 8.8 

Disposition of Assets 

89 

Section 8.9 

Sale and Leaseback 

89 

Section 8.10 

Prepayment of Debt 

90 

Section 8.11 

Nature of Business . 

90 

Section 8.12 

Environmental Protection 

90 

Section 8.13 

Accounting . 

90 

Section 8.14 

Burdensome Agreements 

90 

Section 8.15 

Subsidiaries 

90 

Section 8.16 

Amendments of Constituent Documents 

91 

Section 8.17 

Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions; Anti-Terrorism Laws . 

91 

ARTICLE 9 FINANCIAL COVENANTS . 

91 

Section 9.1 

Leverage Ratio .. 

91 

Section 9.2 

Interest Coverage Ratio .. 

91 

Section 9.3 

Tangible Net Worth .. 

92 

Section 9.4 

Liquidity .. 

92 

Section 9.5 

Risk Asset Ratio 

92 

ARTICLE 10 DEFAULT 

92 

Section 10.1 

Events of Default ... 

92 

Section 10.2 

Remedies Upon Default 

94 

Section 10.3 

Application of Funds . 

95 

Section 10.4 

Performance by Administrative Agent .. 

96 

Section 10.5 

Setoff .. 

96 

ARTICLE 11 AGENCY 

97 

Section 11.1 

Appointment and Authority .. 

97 

Section 11.2 

Rights as a Lender 

97 

Section 11.3 

Exculpatory Provisions .. 

97 

Section 11.4 

Reliance by Administrative Agent .. 

99 

Section 11.5 

Delegation of Duties . 

99 

Section 11.6 

Resignation or Removal of Administrative Agent .. 

99 

Section 11.7 

Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders . 

101 

Section 11.8 

Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 

101 

Section 11.9 

Guaranty Matters . 

102 

Section 11.10 

Bank Product Agreements . 

102 

Section 11.11 

Certain ERISA Matters 

103 

Section 11.12 

Acknowledgements Regarding Erroneous Payments 

104 

ARTICLE 12 MISCELLANEOUS .. 

105 

Section 12.1 

Expenses 

105 

Section 12.2 

INDEMNIFICATION 

106 

Section 12.3 

Limitation of Liability 

107 

Section 12.4 

No Duty . 

108 

Section 12.5 

Lenders Not Fiduciary .. 

108 

Section 12.6 

Equitable Relief 

108 

Section 12.7 

No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . 

108 

Section 12.8 

Successors and Assigns . 

109 

Section 12.9 

Survival 

113 

Section 12.10 

Amendment 

113 

Section 12.11 

Notices .. 

114 

Section 12.12 

Governing Law; Venue; Service of Process 

117 

Section 12.13 

Counterparts 

118 

Section 12.14 

Severability .. 

118 

Section 12.15 

Headings .. 

118 

Section 12.16 

Construction 

118 

Section 12.17 

Independence of Covenants 

118 

Section 12.18 

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . 

118 

Section 12.19 

Additional Interest Provision 

119 

Section 12.20 

Ceiling Election 

120 

Section 12.21 

USA Patriot Act Notice . 

120 

Section 12.22 

Defaulting Lenders . 

120 

Section 12.23 

Sharing of Payments by Lenders .. 

123 

Section 12.24 

Payments Set Aside .. 

123 

Section 12.25 

Confidentiality 

124 

Section 12.26 

Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents . 

124 

Section 12.27 

Independence of Covenants 

125 

Section 12.28 

Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . 

125 

Section 12.29 

Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 

125 

Section 12.30 

NOTICE OF FINAL AGREEMENT 

126 

Section 12.31 

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

126 

INDEX TO SCHEDULES 

Schedule 

Description of Schedule 

Section 

2.1 

Commitments and Applicable Percentages 

2.1 

6.5 

Litigation and Judgments 

6.5 

6.6 

Owned Real Property 

6.6 

6.13 

Real Estate Subsidiaries 

6.13 

6.25 

Material Agreements 

6.25 

8.1 

Existing Debt 

8.1 

8.5 

Existing Investments 

8.5 

12.11 

Notices 

12.11 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 

Description of Exhibit 

Section 

A 

Assignment and Assumption 

1.1 

B 

Borrowing Base Report 

1.1 

C 

Compliance Certificate 

1.1 

D 

Borrowing Request 

1.1 

E 

Note 1.1 F Tax Forms 

3.4(g) 

1 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this 

Agreement ), dated as of May 21, 2021, is among CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC., a Delaware corporation Borrower ), the lenders from time to time party hereto (collectively, Lenders and individually, a Lender ), and TEXAS CAPITAL BANK, a Texas state bank, formerly known as TEXAS CAPITAL BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender and L/C Issuer. 

RECITALS 

Borrower, Administrative Agent and Existing Lenders, are party to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2018 (as heretofore amended, the Existing Credit Agreement ). 

Borrower, Administrative Agent and Lenders desire to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety as, and in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions, set forth herein. 

Borrower has requested that Lenders extend credit to Borrower as described in this Agreement. Lenders are willing to make such credit available to Borrower upon and subject to the provisions, terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1 Definitions . As used in this Agreement, all exhibits, appendices and schedules hereto and in any note, certificate, report or other Loan Documents made or delivered pursuant to this Agreement, the following terms will have the meanings given such terms in this Article 1 or in the provision, section or recital referred to below: 

Acceptable Bank means Lender or any United States bank having capital, surplus, and undivided profits aggregating at least 250,000,000. 

Account means an account, as defined in the UCC. 

Acquisition means the acquisition by any Person of (a) a majority of the equity interests of another Person, (b) all or substantially all of the assets of another Person or (c) all or substantially all of a business unit or line of business of another Person, in each case (i) whether or not involving a merger or consolidation with such other Person and (ii) whether in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that if 

Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 

Administrative Agent means Texas Capital Bank , National Association , in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, until the appointment of a successor administrative agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and, thereafter, shall mean such successor administrative agent. 

Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by Administrative Agent. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person (a) that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person; (b) that directly or indirectly beneficially owns or holds 10 or more of any class of voting stock of such Person; or (c) 10 or more of the voting stock of which is directly or indirectly beneficially owned or held by such Person. The term control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise; provided , however , in no event shall any Lender be deemed an Affiliate of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. 

Agent Parties means, collectively, Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto, and includes all schedules, exhibits and appendices attached or otherwise identified therewith. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means all state or federal Laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the Obligated Parties or any of their Affiliates from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including the FCPA and the Bank Secrecy Act, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 

Anti-Terrorism Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 6.20 . 

Applicable Margin means the applicable percentages per annum set forth below, based upon the Leverage Ratio, as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 7.1(d) : 

Pricing Level 

Leverage Ratio 

Base Rate Loans 

Term SOFR Loans 

1 

1.05 

2.05 

2 

0.75:1 but 

1.15 

2.15 

3 

1.00:1 but 

1.40 

2.40 

4 

1.25:1 

1.65 

2.65 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 2 

Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Margin resulting from a change in the Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 7.1(d) ; provided that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then upon the request of the Required Lenders, Pricing Level 4 shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered and shall remain in effect until the date on which such Compliance Certificate is delivered. The Applicable Margin from the Closing Date through the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 7.1(d) in respect of the first fiscal quarter of Borrower ending after the Closing Date shall be determined based upon Pricing Level 1. 

If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of Borrower or for any other reason, Borrower or the Required Lenders determine that (i) the Leverage Ratio as calculated by Borrower as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, Borrower shall immediately and retroactively be obligated to pay to Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, promptly on demand by Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, automatically and without further action by Administrative Agent, any Lender or L/C Issuer), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph shall not limit the rights of Administrative Agent, any Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, including the rights available under Article 2 or under Article 10 . Borrower s obligations under this paragraph shall survive the termination of the Commitments and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. 

Applicable Percentage means in respect of the Credit Facility, with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the twelfth decimal place) of the Credit Facility represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time; provided that if the Commitments have been terminated pursuant to the terms hereof, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender with respect to the Credit Facility shall be determined based upon the Applicable Percentage of such Lender immediately prior to such termination and after giving effect to any subsequent assignments made pursuant to the terms hereof. 

Applicable Rate means (a) in the case of a Base Rate Loan, the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin; and (b) in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, Adjusted Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin. 

Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 

Approved Sales Contract means a bona fide, legally binding, enforceable contract for the sale of a House, between Borrower (or one of its Subsidiaries), as seller, and a third party unrelated to Borrower, as buyer, with respect to which (i) the form of such contract of sale shall be substantially consistent with those customarily used by Borrower or its Subsidiaries, and (ii) a non- 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 3 

refundable earnest money deposit in an amount acceptable to Borrower has been delivered to either an independent escrow agent or to Borrower. 

Arranger means (a) Texas Capital Bank, (b) BBVA USA, (c) BofA Securities, Inc., (d) Fifth Third Bank, National Association, and (e) U.S. Bank National Association, in their respective capacities as joint lead arrangers and joint book runners. 

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 12.8 ), and accepted by Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by Administrative Agent. 

Authorized Party has the meaning set forth in Section 12.11(d)(iii) . 

Availability means, as of any date, the difference between (a) an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Borrowing Base in effect on such date, and (ii) the aggregate amount of the Commitments on such date, less (b) the total Revolving Credit Exposure of the Lenders on such date. 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then - current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.3(b)(iv) . 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bank Product Agreements means those certain agreements entered into from time to time between any Obligated Party and a Lender or its Affiliate in connection with any of the Bank Products. 

Bank Product Obligations means all obligations, liabilities, contingent reimbursement obligations, fees, and expenses owing by any Obligated Party to any Lender or its Affiliate pursuant to or evidenced by the Bank Product Agreements and irrespective of whether for the payment of money, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, and including all such amounts that an Obligated Party is obligated to reimburse 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 4 

to any Lender or its Affiliate as a result of such Lender or its Affiliate purchasing participations or executing indemnities or reimbursement obligations with respect to the Bank Products provided to any Obligated Party pursuant to the Bank Product Agreements. 

Bank Product Provider means any Person that, at the time it enters into a Bank Product Agreement is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, in its capacity as a party to such Bank Product Agreement. 

Bank Products means any service provided to, facility extended to, or transaction entered into with, any Obligated Party by any Lender or its Affiliate consisting of (a) deposit accounts, (b) cash management services, including treasury, depository, return items, overdraft, controlled disbursement, merchant store value cards, e-payables services, electronic funds transfer, interstate depository network, automatic clearing house transfer (including the Automated Clearing House processing of electronic funds transfers through the direct Federal Reserve Fedline system) and other cash management arrangements maintained with any Lender or its Affiliates, or (c) debit cards, stored value cards, and credit cards (including commercial credit cards (including so-called procurement cards or P-cards )) and debit card and credit card processing services. 

Base Rate means, for any day, a rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate for such day; (b) the sum of the Federal Funds Rate for such day plus one-half percent (0.50 ); and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for such day plus one percent (1.00 ). Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective on the effective day of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR, respectively. 

Base Rate Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the Base Rate Loans comprising such Borrowing. 

Base Rate Loan means a Loan bearing interest based on the Base Rate. Base Rate Loans will only be available to Borrower if provided by Administrative Agent in Administrative Agent s sole discretion. 

Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR . 

Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.3(b)(i) . 

Benchmark Rate Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the Benchmark Rate Loans comprising such Borrowing. 

Benchmark Rate Loan means a Loan bearing interest based on the then existing Benchmark (initially, Adjusted Term SOFR). 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 5 

Benchmark Replacement means with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(a) 
			 the sum of: (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

(b) 
			 BSBY; or 

(c) 
			 the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by Administrative Agent and Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) , (b) or (c) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, (a) with respect to Daily Simple SOFR, 0.10 , and (b) with respect to any other replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by Administrative Agent and Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body and/or (ii) any evolving or thenprevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(a) 
			 in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(b) 
			 in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 6 

component used in the calculation thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date; 

provided that if the then-current Benchmark is BSBY, Benchmark Replacement Date shall mean the BSBY Replacement Date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(a) 
			 a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(b) 
			 a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board of Governors, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(c) 
			 a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative; or 

(d) 
			 if the then current Benchmark is BSBY, the occurrence of a BSBY 

Transition Event. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 7 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.3(b) and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.3(b) . 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. Section 1010.230. 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k) of such party. 

Bloomberg means Bloomberg Index Services Limited. 

Board of Governors means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

Bond Indenture means collectively, (a) that certain Indenture, dated May 23, 2019, by and among (i) Century Communities, Inc., as issuer, (ii) the guarantors named therein, and (iii) U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, regarding the issuance of 500,000,000 of 6.750 Senior Notes Due 2027, and (b) that certain Indenture, dated May 12, 2017, by and among (i) Century Communities, Inc., as issuer, (ii) the guarantors named therein, and (iii) U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, regarding the issuance of 400,000,000 of 5.875 Senior Notes Due 2025. 

Bond Indenture Certificate means a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, (a) certifying to Administrative Agent, that a proposed Borrowing or L/C Borrowing will not violate the financial covenants and restrictions set forth in the Bond Indenture, and (b) demonstrating compliance with such financial covenants, by showing the applicable calculations. 

Borrower means the Person identified as such in the introductory paragraph hereto, and its successors and assigns to the extent permitted by Section 12.8 . 

Borrower Materials has the meaning set forth in Section 12.11(e) . 

Borrower s Other Debt means Borrower s Debt, including, without limitation Debt arising under the Bond Indenture, but excluding (i) amounts due to the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement, and (ii) Mortgage Repurchase Facility Debt. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 8 

Borrowing means (a) a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Credit Loans made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.1 or (b) a borrowing of Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.12 . 

Borrowing Base means, as of the date of determination thereof, the result of (a) the Maximum Credit Amount for all Borrowing Base Property, minus (b) the outstanding amount of Borrower s Other Debt. 

Borrowing Base Property means collectively, any Cash and Equivalents, Entitled Land, LUD, Lots, Model Houses, Pre-Sold Houses and Spec Houses, that (a) appear in the most recent Borrowing Base Report reasonably approved by Administrative Agent, (b) are entirely owned in fee simple absolute by Borrower, or by one of its Subsidiaries that is also a Guarantor, (c) are free of Liens, except Liens described in clauses (a) through (f) of Section 8.2 , (d) are located within the United States of America, and (e) otherwise comply with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

Borrowing Base Report means, as of any date of preparation, a certificate, substantially the form of Exhibit B , or in any other form agreed to in writing by Borrower and Administrative Agent, prepared by and certified by a Responsible Officer of Borrower. 

Borrowing Request means a writing, substantially in the form of Exhibit D , properly completed and signed by Borrower, requesting a Borrowing. All Borrowing Requests shall be accompanied by a complete and duly executed Bond Indenture Certificate. 

BSBY means the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index rate. 

BSBY Rate means: 

(a) 
			 for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the BSBY Screen Rate two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not published on such determination date then BSBY Rate means the BSBY Screen Rate on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto; and 

(b) 
			 for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the BSBY Screen Rate with a term of one month commencing that day; 

provided that if the BSBY Rate determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this definition would otherwise be less than the Floor, then the BSBY Rate shall be deemed to be the Floor for purposes of this Agreement. 

BSBY Replacement Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(b)(vi) . 

BSBY Screen Rate means the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index rate administered by Bloomberg and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 9 

commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). 

BSBY Transition Event means the occurrence of any of the events described in Section 3.3(b)(vi)(A) or (B) . 

Business Day means for all purposes, a weekday, Monday through Friday, except a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in Dallas, Texas are authorized or required by Law to be closed. Unless otherwise provided, the term days when used herein means calendar days. 

Capitalized Lease Obligation means, with respect to any Person, the amount of Debt under a lease of Property by such Person that would be shown as a liability on a balance sheet of such Person prepared for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of L/C Issuer or Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations or obligations of Lenders to fund participations in respect of L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances or, if Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer. Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 

Cash and Equivalents means, (a) cash, currency, or a credit balance in a Deposit Account, and (b) Temporary Certificates of Deposit, but only to the extent any of the foregoing are free of liens, encumbrances, negative pledges or any other restrictions. 

Cash Interest Expense means, for any Person for any period, total interest expense in respect of all outstanding Debt actually paid or that is payable by such Person during such period, including, without limitation, all commissions, discounts, and other fees and charges with respect to letters of credit, but excluding interest expense not payable in cash, all as determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any Law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, implemented, adopted or issued. 

Change of Control means an event or series of events by which: 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 10 

(a) 
			 any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder), shall have acquired beneficial ownership of a percentage (based on voting power, in the event different classes of stock have different voting power) of the voting stock of Borrower equal to at least fifty percent (50 ); or 

(b) 
			 Both Dale Francescon and Robert J. Francescon shall cease for any reason to be members of the board of directors of Borrower. 

Closing Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 5.1 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 12.10 . Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute, together with the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Credit Loans to Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1(a) , and (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans , in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.1 under the caption Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 

Commitment Fee Rate means a rate per annum equal to two-tenths of one percent (0.20 

Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed to Administrative Agent, any Lender or L/C Issuer by means of electronic communications pursuant to Section 12.11(d , including through the Platform. 

Competing Homebuilder means any Person that is itself, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is, listed on the most recent Builder 100 list published by Builder magazine, ranked by revenues or closings (or if such list is no longer published, identified in such other published list or through such other means as reasonably determined by Administrative Agent). 

Compliance Certificate means a certificate, substantially in the form of Exhibit C , or in any other form agreed to by Borrower and Administrative Agent, prepared by and certified by a Responsible Officer of Borrower. 

Condominium Unit means a physical portion of a condominium building (which building may not exceed a height of four stories) that is designated for separate ownership and occupancy as a single-family residence. 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with Term SOFR or any Benchmark Replacement, as applicable, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definitions of Base 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 11 

Rate , Business Day , Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition), U.S. Government Securities Business Day , or the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Constituent Documents means (a) in the case of a corporation, its articles or certificate of incorporation and bylaws; (b) in the case of a general partnership, its partnership agreement; (c) in the case of a limited partnership, its certificate of limited partnership or certificate of formation, as applicable, and partnership agreement; (d) in the case of a trust, its trust agreement; (e) in the case of a joint venture, its joint venture agreement; (f) in the case of a limited liability company, its articles of organization, operating agreement, regulations and/or other organizational and governance documents and agreements; and (g) in the case of any other entity, its organizational and governance documents and agreements. 

Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) ; (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) ; or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b) . 

Covered Party has the meaning set forth in Section 12.29 . 

Credit Extension means each of (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension. 

Credit Facility means the revolving line of credit in the maximum sum of the Credit Facility Amount, governed by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Credit Facility Amount means Eight Hundred Million and No/100 Dollars 800,000,000.00); subject to increase, however, pursuant to Section 2.10 . The Credit Facility Amount is the maximum amount that that may be advanced and outstanding at any one time under the Credit Facility. 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans; provided , that if Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for Administrative Agent, then Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 12 

Debt means, of any Person as of any date of determination (without duplication): (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money; (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures, or other similar instruments; (c) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of Property or services, except trade accounts payable of such Person arising in the ordinary course of business that are not past due by more than ninety (90) days; (d) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person; (e) all Debt or other obligations of others Guaranteed by such Person; (f) all obligations secured by a Lien existing on Property owned by such Person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed by such Person or are non-recourse to the credit of such Person; (g) any other obligation for borrowed money or other financial accommodations which in accordance with GAAP would be shown as a liability on the balance sheet of such Person; (h) any repurchase obligation or liability of a Person with respect to Accounts, chattel paper or notes receivable sold by such Person; (i) any liability under a sale and leaseback transaction that is not a Capitalized Lease Obligation; (j) any obligation under any so called synthetic leases; (k) any obligation arising with respect to any other transaction that is the functional equivalent of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheets of a Person; (l) all payment and reimbursement obligations of such Person (whether contingent or otherwise) in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, surety or other bonds and similar instruments; (m) all liabilities of such Person in respect of unfunded vested benefits under any Plan; and (n) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any equity interests in such Person or any other Person, valued, in the case of redeemable preferred stock interests, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. 

For all purposes, the Debt of any Person shall include the Debt of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Debt is expressly made nonrecourse to such Person. 

Debtor Relief Laws means Title 11 of the United States Code, as now or hereafter in effect, or any other applicable Law, domestic or foreign, as now or hereafter in effect, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, reorganization, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, arrangement or composition, extension or adjustment of debts, or similar Laws affecting the rights of creditors. 

Default means an Event of Default or the occurrence of an event or condition which with notice or lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default. 

Default Interest Rate means an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Margin, if any, applicable to a Base Rate Loan plus (iii) two percent (2 per annum; provided, however , that with respect to a Benchmark Rate Loan, the Default Interest Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Margin) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus two percent (2 per annum; provided, however , in no event shall the Default Interest Rate exceed the Maximum Rate. 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81 , 47.2 or 382.1 , as applicable. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 13 

Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 12.22(b) , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies Administrative Agent and Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans within two (2) 

Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified Borrower, Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by Administrative Agent or Borrower, to confirm in writing to Administrative Agent and Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by Administrative Agent and Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 12.22(b) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to Borrower and each Lender. 

Deposit Account means a demand, time, savings, passbook, or like account with an Acceptable Bank. 

Disposition means any sale, lease, sub-lease, transfer, assignment, conveyance, release, loss or other disposition, or entry into any contract the performance of which would result in any of the foregoing, of any interest in Property, or of any interest in a Subsidiary that owns Property, in any transaction or event or series of transactions or events, and Dispose has the correlative meaning thereto. 

Dollars and mean lawful money of the United States of America. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 14 

EBITDA means, for any Person for any period, an amount equal to (a) Net Income plus (b) the sum of the following to the extent deducted in the calculation of Net Income: (i) interest expense; (ii) income taxes; (iii) depreciation; (iv) amortization; (v) extraordinary losses determined in accordance with GAAP; and (vi) other non-recurring expenses reducing such Net Income which do not represent a cash item in such period or any future period, minus (c) the sum of the following to the extent included in the calculation of Net Income: (i) income tax credits; (ii) extraordinary gains determined in accordance with GAAP; (iii) all non-recurring, non-cash items increasing Net Income; and (iv) revenue related to Mortgage Loans Held for Sale. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, the United Kingdom, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 12.8(b)(iii) , (v) and (vi) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 12.8(b)(iii) ). 

Entitled Land means any Land that has been zoned by the applicable Governmental Authority to permit Houses thereon. 

Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, and local Laws, regulations, judicial decisions, orders, decrees, plans, rules, permits, licenses, and other governmental restrictions and requirements pertaining to health, safety, or the environment, including, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq., the Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29 U.S.C. 651 et seq., the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq., the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq., and the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. 

Environmental Liabilities means, as to any Person, all liabilities, obligations, responsibilities, Remedial Actions, losses, damages, punitive damages, consequential damages, treble damages, costs, and expenses (including, without limitation, all reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel, expert and consulting fees and costs of investigation and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions, and interest incurred as a result of any claim or demand, by any Person, whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute, including any Environmental Law, permit, order or agreement with any Governmental Authority or other Person, arising from environmental, health or safety conditions 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 15 

or the Release or threatened Release of a Hazardous Material into the environment, resulting from the past, present, or future operations of such Person or its Affiliates. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, together with the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

ERISA Affiliate means any corporation or trade or business which is a member of the same controlled group of corporations (within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code) as an Obligated Party, is under common control (within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code) with an Obligated Party, or is otherwise considered a single employer with an Obligated Party pursuant to Sections 414(m) or (o) of the Code, for purposes of the provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA 

ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Plan, (b) a withdrawal by any Obligated Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations which is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA, (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by any Obligated Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan, (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Plan, the treatment of a Plan or Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (e) the occurrence of an event or condition which might reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (f) the imposition of any liability to the PBGC under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any Obligated Party or any ERISA Affiliate, (g) the failure of any Obligated Party or ERISA Affiliate to meet any funding obligations with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or (h) a Plan becomes subject to the at-risk requirements in Section 303 of ERISA or Section 430 of the Code or is in endangered or critical status under Section 305 of ERISA or Section 432 of the Code. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 

Event of Default has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1 . 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the Laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in such Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by Borrower under Section 3.6(b) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 16 

that, pursuant to Section 3.4 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.4(g) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement. 

Existing Lenders means the Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Closing Date. 

Extension Fee means a non-refundable fee in an amount to be determined by Administrative Agent based upon prevailing market conditions at the time of an extension request, to be paid by Borrower to Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender, on the Extension Option Agreement Date. 

Extension Option means the right of Borrower to request to extend the Maturity Date from April 30, 2026 to April 30, 2027, which request may only be granted upon the unanimous written approval of Administrative Agent and all Lenders, and which approval may be granted or denied at the sole discretion of Administrative Agent and each Lender. 

Extension Option Agreement means a written agreement, executed by Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Lender, approving Borrower s request to exercise the Extension 

Option. The Extension Option Agreement shall contain the Borrower s certification that (A) no Default exists, and (B) the representations and warranties contained in Article 6 and the other Loan Documents are true and correct, both before and immediately after giving effect to the extension of the Maturity Date (except to the extent that a representation or warranty specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date). 

Extension Option Agreement Date means the effective date of the Extension Option Agreement. 

FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100 of 1 equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, on the Business Day 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 17 

next succeeding such day, provided that (a) if the day for which such rate is to be determined is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if such rate is not so published for any day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate charged to Administrative Agent on such day on such transactions as determined by Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Federal Funds Rate is less than zero percent (0.0 per annum, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero percent (0.0 per annum for purposes of this Agreement. 

Fee Letter means the separate fee letter dated the same date as this Agreement, 2021, between Borrower and Texas Capital Bank, and any other fee letter among Borrower and Administrative Agent, Arranger and/or Texas Capital Bank concerning fees to be paid by Borrower in connection with this Agreement including any amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications thereof. By its execution of this Agreement, each Lender acknowledges and agrees that Administrative Agent, Arranger and/or Texas Capital Bank may elect to treat as confidential and not share with Lenders any Fee Letters executed from time to time in connection with this Agreement. 

Flood Insurance Regulations means (a) the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, (b) the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, (c) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (amending 42 USC 4001 et seq.), (d) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004, and (e) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012, in each case as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and including any regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Floor means a rate of interest equal to one-half percent (0.50 per annum. 

Foreign Lender means (a) if Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the Laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 

Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with respect to L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. 

Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles, applied on a consistent basis, as set forth in opinions of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and/or in statements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and/or their respective successors and which are applicable in the circumstances as of the date in question. Accounting principles are applied on a consistent basis when the accounting principles applied in a current period are comparable in all material respects to those accounting principles applied in a preceding period. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 18 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank, tribal body or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank), and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including without limitation, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 

Guarantee by any Person means any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise, of such Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Debt or other obligation of any other Person as well as any obligation or liability, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Debt or other obligation or liability (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, by agreement to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to operate Property, to take-or-pay, or to maintain net worth or working capital or other financial statement conditions or otherwise) or (b) entered into for the purpose of indemnifying or assuring in any other manner the obligee of such Debt or other obligation or liability of the payment thereof or to protect the obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part); provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term Guarantee used as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 

Guarantors means each Person who from time to time Guarantees all or any part of the Obligations under the Loan Documents, and Guarantor means any one of the Guarantors. 

Guaranty means a written guaranty of each Guarantor in favor of Administrative Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. 

Hazardous Material means any substance, product, waste, pollutant, material, chemical, contaminant, constituent, or other material which is or becomes listed, regulated, or addressed under any Environmental Law, including, without limitation, asbestos, petroleum, and polychlorinated biphenyls. 

Hedge Agreement means (a) any and all interest rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 19 

Hedge Fund means an unregulated, private investment partnership of accredited investors (as such term is used by the Securities and Exchange Commission). 

Honor Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(c)(i) . 

House means a single-family attached or detached residence, or Condominium Unit, to be constructed by Borrower (or one of its Subsidiaries) upon a Lot in accordance with the applicable provisions hereof. Where the context requires, the term House shall include the Lot upon which the residence is constructed. 

Increase Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(d) . 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of Borrower or any other Obligated Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) , Other Taxes. 

Information has the meaning set forth in Section 12.25 . 

Intangible Assets means the following assets of any Person: (a) goodwill, including any amounts, however designated, that represent the excess of the purchase price paid for assets or stock over the value assigned thereto; (b) patents, trademarks, trade names, and copyrights; (c) deferred expenses; (d) loans and advances to any stockholder, director, officer, or employee of such Person or any Affiliate of such Person; and (e) all other assets which are properly classified as intangible assets. 

Intellectual Property means all copyrights, copyright licenses, patents, patent licenses, trademarks, trademark licenses and other types of intellectual property, in whatever form, now owned or hereafter acquired. 

Interest Period means, with respect to any Term SOFR Rate Loan, a period of time beginning on the first Business Day of a calendar month and ending on the day immediately prior to the first Business Day of the following calendar month. 

Interest Rate means the rate equal to the lesser of (a) the Maximum Rate and (b) the Applicable Rate. 

Inventory and Sales Status Report means a periodic report prepared by Borrower with respect to the Land, Lots and Houses and the completion status of each House under construction by Borrower (whether or not financed under the Credit Facility), properly completed by Borrower and in form satisfactory to Administrative Agent. The Inventory and Sales Status Report shall include a sales and closing report by subdivision in form acceptable to Administrative Agent reflecting (a) net sales of Houses since the last report, (b) as to completed Houses, whether or not they are subject to a sales contract, (c) as to Houses under construction, whether or not they are sold and the closing status of such residences, and (d) such other information as Administrative Agent may reasonably request with respect to the Borrower s inventory, sales of Houses, closing of said sales and information regarding Borrower s business operations. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 20 

IRS means the Internal Revenue Service or any entity succeeding to all or any of its functions. 

ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 

Issuer Documents means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by L/C Issuer and Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. 

L/C Advance means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 

L/C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed by Borrower on the date when made or refinanced as a Borrowing. 

L/C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. 

L/C Issuer means Texas Capital Bank in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. 

L/C Obligations means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.4 . For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 

Land means unimproved real property or interest therein, together with all right, title, interest, and privileges of the owner thereof in and to (i) all streets, ways, roads, alleys, easements, rights-of-way, licenses, rights of ingress and egress, vehicle parking rights and public places, existing or proposed, abutting, adjacent, used in connection with or pertaining to such real property, the interests therein and the improvements thereon; (ii) any strips or gores of real property between such real property and abutting or adjacent properties; (iii) all water and water rights, timber and crops pertaining to such real property; and (iv) all appurtenances and all reversions and remainders in or to such real property. 

Land Under Development or LUD means a parcel of Entitled Land that is in the process of being developed into finished Lots. 

Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state, provincial and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 21 

precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 

Lender and Lenders have the meanings set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto, and shall include L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender , and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereunder, as the context may require. 

Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify Borrower and Administrative Agent. 

Letter of Credit means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder in connection with the development of Lots or LUD, (a) on behalf of a Person in favor of a Governmental Authority, including, without limitation, any utility, water, or sewer authority, or other similar entity, for the purpose of assuring such Governmental Authority that such Person or an Affiliate of such Person will properly and timely complete work it has agreed to perform for the benefit of such Governmental Authority; (b) in lieu of cash deposits to obtain a license, in place of a utility deposit; or (c) in lieu of other contract performance, to secure performance warranties payable upon breach, and to secure the performance of labor and materials, including, without limitation, construction, bid, and performance bonds. 

Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by L/C Issuer. All Letter of Credit Applications shall be accompanied by a complete and duly executed Bond Indenture Certificate. 

Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is seven (7) days prior to the Maturity Date for the Credit Facility (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 

Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 250,000,000, or (b) the aggregate Commitments. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Commitments. 

Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) all Debt of Borrower and its Subsidiaries (excluding Mortgage Repurchase Facility Debt), to (b) the Tangible Net Worth of Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

Lien means, as to any Property of any Person, (a) any lien, mortgage, security interest, tax lien, pledge, charge, hypothecation, collateral assignment, preference, priority, or other encumbrance of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, any conditional sale or title retention agreement), whether arising by contract, operation of law, or otherwise, affecting such Property and (b) the signing or filing of a financing statement which names the Person as 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 22 

debtor or the signing of any security agreement or the signing of any document authorizing a secured party to file any financing statement which names such Person as debtor. 

Liquidity means the aggregate of (i) Cash and Equivalents assets and those assets that are readily convertible to cash (limited to the 40,000,000 excluded from the Cash and Equivalents element of the Borrowing Base calculation), plus (ii) amounts available to be drawn by Borrower under existing lines of credit, including the Credit Facility, all as determined by Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Loan means an extension of revolving credit by a Lender to Borrower under Article 2 . a loan or advance made by the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement, including Revolving Credit Loans and Swingline Loans. 

Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Guaranty, the Notes, Issuer Documents, and all other promissory notes, letters of credit, guaranties, and other instruments, documents, or agreements executed and delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement; provided that the term Loan Documents shall not include any Bank Product Agreement. 

Lot means (i) a single platted and subdivided portion of Land, identified by unique lot and block numbers, (ii) upon which a single House (or several Condominium Units) is to be, has been, or is in the process of being, constructed, together with all right, title, interest, and privileges of Borrower in and to (A) all streets, ways, roads, alleys, easements, rights-of-way, licenses, rights of ingress and egress, vehicle parking rights and public places, existing or proposed, abutting, adjacent, used in connection with or pertaining to such real property or the interest therein; (B) any strips or gores of real property between such real property and abutting or adjacent properties; (C) all water and water rights, timber and crops pertaining to such real property; and (D) all appurtenances and all reversions and remainders in or to such real property, and (iii) with all required municipal approvals and utilities (including, without limitation, streets, alleys and sidewalks, potable water, storm and sanitary sewer, electricity, telephone, gas and cable television facilities), fully completed and each connected to or available at the boundaries of such Lot. 

Material Adverse Event means any act, event, condition, or circumstance which could materially and adversely affect (a) the operations, business, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of Borrower or Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (b) the ability of any Obligated Party to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Obligated Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party. A Material Adverse Event does not include national or global economic conditions that are not unique to Borrower. 

Maturity Date means with respect to the Credit Facility, April 30, 2026, or such earlier date on which the Commitment of each Lender terminates as provided in this Agreement; subject to extension pursuant to Section 2.11 ; provided , however , that, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next succeeding Business Day. 

Maximum Credit Amount means the maximum amount for each item of Borrowing Base Property, used to determine the Borrowing Base, based on the latest Borrowing Base Report 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 23 

reasonably approved by Administrative Agent. The Maximum Credit Amount for each element of Borrowing Base Property shall be calculated as follows: 

(a) 
			 Cash and Equivalents . The amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the actual value of Borrower s Cash and Equivalents, minus 40,000,000. 

(b) 
			 Entitled Land . The amount equal to fifty percent (50 of Total Cost of such Entitled Land. 

(c) 
			 LUD . The amount equal to sixty-five percent (65 of Total Cost of such LUD. 

(d) 
			 Lots . The amount equal to seventy-five percent (75 of Total Cost of such 

Lot. 

(e) 
			 Model Houses . The amount equal to eighty-five percent (85 of the Total Cost of such Model House. 

(f) 
			 Pre-Sold Houses . The amount equal to ninety percent (90 of the Total Cost of such Pre-Sold House. 

(g) 
			 Spec Houses . The amount equal to ninety percent (90 of the Total Cost of such Spec House. Eighteen (18) months after any Spec House has been included as Borrowing Base Property, the Maximum Credit Amount for such Spec House shall decrease to amount equal to seventy-five percent (75 of the Total Cost of such Spec House. Twenty-four (24) months after any Spec House has been included as Borrowing Base Property, the Maximum Credit Amount for such Spec House shall further decrease to amount equal to fifty percent (50 of the Total Cost of such Spec House. 

Maximum Rate means, at all times, the maximum rate of interest which may be charged, contracted for, taken, received or reserved by Lenders in accordance with applicable Texas law (or applicable United States federal law to the extent that such law permits Lenders to charge, contract for, receive or reserve a greater amount of interest than under Texas law). The Maximum Rate shall be calculated in a manner that takes into account any and all fees, payments, and other charges in respect of the Loan Documents that constitute interest under applicable Law. Each change in any interest rate provided for herein based upon the Maximum Rate resulting from a change in the Maximum Rate shall take effect without notice to Borrower at the time of such change in the Maximum Rate. 

Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided to reduce or eliminate Fronting Exposure during the time that a Defaulting Lender exists, an amount equal to 125 of the Fronting Exposure of L/C Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, (b) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.7(a)(i) , (a)(ii) or (a)(iii) , an amount equal to 125 of the Outstanding 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 24 

Amount of all L/C Obligations, and (c) otherwise, an amount determined by Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer in their sole discretion. 

Model House means a House which is to be, has been, or is in the process of being, constructed, and which is not the subject of an Approved Sales Contract, and is intended by Borrower to be furnished and used by Borrower for on-site office and/or marketing purposes. 

Mortgage Loans Held for Sale means mortgage loans to homebuyers, that are originated by Inspire Home Loans Inc., a Delaware corporation (which is a Subsidiary of Borrower), and that are intended to be sold in the secondary market. 

Mortgage Repurchase Facility Debt means the following revolving lines of credit, as such lines of credit may be amended, modified, restated, extended, increased, replaced or refinanced from time to time, which were made available to Inspire Home Loans Inc., a Delaware corporation, to fund homebuyer mortgage loans originated by such corporation: (a) that certain revolving line of credit in the amount of 40,000,000, from Comerica Bank; and (b) that certain revolving line of credit in the amount of 45,000,000, from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any of the foregoing lines of credit are ever deemed to be recourse obligations of Borrower or any Guarantor, then such line of credit shall cease to qualify as Mortgage Repurchase Facility Debt for purposes of this Agreement. Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan defined as such in Section 3(37) of ERISA to which contributions are being made or have been made by, or for which there is an obligation to make by or there is any liability, contingent or otherwise, with respect to an Obligated Party or any ERISA Affiliate and which is covered by Title IV of ERISA. 

Net Income means, for any Person for any period, the net income (or loss) of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as determined in accordance with GAAP; provided that Net Income shall exclude (a) the net income of any Subsidiary of such Person during such period to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of such income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its Constituent Documents or any agreement, instrument or Law applicable to such Subsidiary during such period, except that such Person s equity in any net loss of any such Subsidiary for such period shall be included in determining Net Income, and (b) any income (or loss) for such period of any other Person if such other Person is not a Subsidiary, except that Borrower s equity in the net income of any such Person for such period shall be included in Net Income up to the aggregate amount of cash actually distributed by such Person during such period to Borrower or a Subsidiary as a dividend or other distribution (and in the case of a dividend or other distribution to a Subsidiary, such Subsidiary is not precluded from further distributing such amount to Borrower as described in clause (a) of this proviso). 

Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or each affected Lender in accordance with the terms of Section 12.10 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 

Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 25 

Note means any one of the promissory notes made by Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans, made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit E , and Notes means all of such promissory note, collectively. 

Obligated Party means Borrower, each Guarantor or any other Person who is or becomes party to any agreement that obligates such Person to pay or perform, or that Guarantees or secures payment or performance of, the Obligations under the Loan Documents or any part thereof. 

Obligations means all obligations, indebtedness, and liabilities of Borrower, each Guarantor and any other Obligated Party to Administrative Agent, each Lender and any Affiliates of Administrative Agent or any Lender now existing or hereafter arising, whether direct, indirect, related, unrelated, fixed, contingent, liquidated, unliquidated, joint, several, or joint and several, arising under or pursuant to this Agreement, any Bank Product Agreements, the other Loan Documents, and all interest accruing thereon (whether a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding) and all attorneys fees and other expenses incurred in the enforcement or collection thereof. 

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.6 ). 

Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Loans and Swingline Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Revolving Credit Loans and Swingline Loans, occurring on such date, and (b) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts. 

Participant means any Person (other than (a) a natural Person, (b) a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person, (c) a Defaulting Lender, or (d) Borrower or any of Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or any other Obligated Party) to which a participation is sold by any Lender in all or a portion of such 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 26 

Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it). 

Participant Register means a register in the United States on which each Lender that sells a participation enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents. 

Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law October 26, 2001). 

Payment Date means the fifth (5 th day of each and every calendar month during the term of this Agreement and the Maturity Date. 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to all or any of its functions under ERISA. 

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR . 

Permitted Acquisitions means any Acquisition (other than by means of a hostile takeover, hostile tender offer or other similar hostile transaction) of a business or entity engaged primarily in the business of homebuilding, Land acquisition or Land development, or a business reasonably related thereto, in respect of which the majority of shareholders (or other equity interest holders) of the acquired entity, and the board of directors (or other governing body thereof) of the acquired entity, approve such Acquisition, provided that before and after giving effect to such Acquisition, no Default shall exist. 

Permitted Acquisition Liens means Liens that both (a) encumber Property of an entity that was acquired by Borrower through a Permitted Acquisition, so long as such Property was owned by such entity prior to the Permitted Acquisition, and (b) existed prior to the Permitted Acquisition. Property that is encumbered by a Permitted Acquisition Lien is not eligible to be included as Borrowing Base Property. 

Permitted Liens means those Liens permitted by Section 8.2 . 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, association, company, partnership, joint venture, Governmental Authority, or other entity, and shall include such Person s heirs, administrators, personal representatives, executors, successors and assigns. 

Plan means any employee benefit or other plan, other than a Multiemployer Plan, established or maintained by, or for which there is an obligation to make contributions by or there is any liability, contingent or otherwise with respect to Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to Section 412 of the Code. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 27 

Platform means Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system. 

Pre-Sold House means a House which is to be, has been or is in the process of being, constructed, and which is the subject of an Approved Sales Contract. 

Prime Rate means the rate of interest published by The Wall Street Journal , from time to time, as the U.S. Prime Rate . 

Principal Office means the principal office of Administrative Agent, presently located at the address set forth on Schedule 12.11 . 

Profit and Participation Agreement means Debt, secured by a deed of trust, mortgage or other Lien against a property or asset, with respect to which the purchaser of such property or asset agrees to pay the seller of such property or asset, a profit participation or other speculative amount, in respect of such property or asset. 

Prohibited Transaction means any transaction set forth in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 

Property of a Person means any and all property, whether real, personal, tangible, intangible or mixed, of such Person, or any other assets owned, operated or leased by such Person. 

Public Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 12.11(e) . 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D) . 

QFC Credit Support has the meaning set forth in Section 12.29 . 

Real Estate Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that owns real estate, or is engaged in the business of homebuilding or other construction, real estate development, real estate management, or real estate brokerage. 

Recipient means Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, Swingline Lender, and any Lender, as applicable. 

Reference Time means, with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, the time determined by Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Register means a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time. 

Rejecting Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(b) . 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 28 

Related Indebtedness means any and all indebtedness paid or payable by Borrower or any other Obligated Party to Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to any Loan Document other than any Note. 

Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, sub agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 

Release means, as to any Person, any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, injection, deposit, disposal, disbursement, leaching, or migration of Hazardous Materials into the indoor or outdoor environment or into or out of property owned by such Person, including, without limitation, the movement of Hazardous Materials through or in the air, soil, surface water, ground water, or Property. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 

Remedial Action means all actions required to (a) clean up, remove, treat, or otherwise address Hazardous Materials in the indoor or outdoor environment, (b) prevent the Release or threat of Release or minimize the further Release of Hazardous Materials so that they do not migrate or endanger or threaten to endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or outdoor environment, or (c) perform pre-remedial studies and investigations and post-remedial monitoring and care. 

Removal Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 11.6(b) . 

Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043 of ERISA. 

Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing at least 50.1 of the Total Credit Exposures of all Lenders; provided that, if one Lender holds at least 50.1 but less than 100 of the Total Credit Exposures at such time, subject to the last sentence of Section 12.10 , Required Lenders shall be at least two Lenders. The Total Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time. 

Resignation Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 11.6(a) . 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, or treasurer of an Obligated Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of an Obligated Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Person and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of Obligated Party. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 29 

Revolving Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of its Loans Revolving Credit Loans, its Swingline Exposure and such Lender s participation in L/C Obligations at such time. 

Revolving Credit Loan has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) . 

RICO means the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act of 1970. 

Risk Asset Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) the book value of all Risk Assets owned by Borrower or its Subsidiaries, as reflected on Borrower s financial statements, to (b) Borrower s Tangible Net Worth. 

Risk Assets means Land (regardless of whether such Land is Entitled Land), LUD and Lots. 

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions. 

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Her His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons, in each case, to the extent dealings are prohibited or restricted with such Person under Sanctions, or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. 

Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the U.S. government (including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Her His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority. 

Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(b)(vi) . 

SEC means the Security and Exchange Commission, or any successor agency. 

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

Solvent means, with respect to any Person, as of any date of determination, that the fair value of the assets of such Person (at fair valuation) is, on the date of determination, greater than the total amount of liabilities (including contingent and unliquidated liabilities) of such Person as of such date, that the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as such debts become absolute and matured, and that, as of such date, such Person will be 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 30 

able to pay all liabilities of such Person as such liabilities mature and such Person does not have unreasonably small capital with which to carry on its business. In computing the amount of contingent or unliquidated liabilities at any time, such liabilities will be computed at the amount which, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability discounted to present value at rates believed to be reasonable by such Person acting in good faith. 

Spec House means a House which is to be, has been or is in the process of being, constructed, and which (i) is not the subject of an Approved Sales Contract, (ii) is not a Model House, and (iii) any House which was subject to an Approved Sales Contract, but which Approved Sales Contract has subsequently been terminated, cancelled, voided or breached by the purchaser or which otherwise no longer qualifies as an Approved Sales Contract. 

Spec House Sublimit means a number equal to fifty percent (50 of the number of all 

Houses owned by Borrower (or its Subsidiaries), at any time; provided , however, the Spec House Sublimit shall seasonally increase to sixty percent (60 from November 1 of each calendar year to May 31 of each subsequent calendar year. 

Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of Borrower. 

Swingline Availabilit y means the lesser of (i) the Swingline Sublimit, or (ii) an amount equal to the Commitment of Swingline Lender, minus the Revolving Credit Exposure of Swingline Lender. 

Swingline Borrowing Request means a written Borrowing Request, properly completed and signed by Borrower, expressly requesting a Borrowing of Swingline Loans. 

Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate Swingline Exposure. 

Swingline Lender means Texas Capital Bank in its capacity as a lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. Any consent required of the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer shall be deemed to be required of the Swingline Lender and any consent given by Texas Capital Bank in its capacity as Administrative Agent or L/C Issuer shall be deemed given by Texas Capital Bank in its capacity as Swingline Lender. 

Swingline Loan means any swingline loan made by the Swingline Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.12 , and all such swingline loans collectively as the context requires. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 31 

Swingline Maturity Date means the date which is seven (7) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. 

Swingline Sublimit means, at any time, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 50,000,000 and (b) the aggregate Commitments at such time. The Swingline Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Commitments. 

Tangible Net Worth means, for any Person as of any date, the difference between (a) the total assets of such Person, determined in conformity with GAAP, excluding Intangible Assets, and excluding Mortgage Loans Held for Sale, minus (b) the Total Liabilities of such Person, determined in conformity with GAAP, excluding Mortgage Repurchase Facility Debt. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Temporary Certificates of Deposit means certificates of deposit that (a) are issued by, and held at, an Acceptable Bank and (b) mature within sixty (60) days from the date of issuance thereof. 

Term SOFR means: 

(a) 
			 for any calculation with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate relating to quotations for a tenor of one (1) month on the day (such day, a Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however , that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 

(b) 
			 for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate relating to quotations for a tenor of one (1) month on the day (such day, a Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however , that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 32 

Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate SOFR Determination Day. 

Term SOFR Adjustment means, for any calculation (a) with respect to a Base Rate Loan (if calculated pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate ), a percentage per annum equal to 0.10 for such Base Rate Loan or (b) with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, a percentage per annum equal to 0.10 for such Term SOFR Loan. 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the Term SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 

Term SOFR Loan means a Loan bearing interest based on Adjusted Term SOFR. 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

Texas Capital Bank means Texas Capital Bank, a Texas state bank, formerly known as Texas Capital Bank, National Association, a national banking association, and its successors and assigns. 

Total Cost means, with respect to any Entitled Land, LUD, Lot, Model House, Pre-Sold House or Spec House which is Borrowing Base Property, the aggregate amount of the following costs actually incurred by Borrower at the time of measurement: (i) the acquisition costs of the applicable portion of the Borrowing Base Property (including the purchase price and all reasonable, necessary and customary closing costs for the acquisition of such portion of the Borrowing Base Property), (ii) the amount of development or construction hard costs actually incurred in the development or construction of such portion of the Borrowing Base Property, and (iii) the amount of soft costs (but not overhead, marketing or sales expenses) directly attributable to the development or construction of such portion of the Borrowing Base Property, all as submitted by Borrower and approved by Administrative Agent, in its reasonable discretion. In the event of a casualty or condemnation affecting any portion of the Borrowing Base Property, duplicative costs to repair and remediate the effects of the casualty or condemnation shall not be used to calculate the Total Cost. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Total Cost of any item of the Borrowing Base Property exceed the book value of such item, as determined in accordance with GAAP, and as reflected on Borrower s financial statements. 

Total Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Lender at such time. 

Total Liabilities means for any Person as of any date, any and all notes, guaranties, accounts payables, contingent liabilities, lease obligations, and other evidence of indebtedness (whether fixed or contingent) of such Person, to the extent same are considered liabilities in accordance with GAAP, and any and all other obligations treated as liabilities in accordance with 

GAAP. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 33 

Triggering Event means a Permitted Acquisition by Borrower of an entity with total tangible assets in excess of 150,000,000. 

Type means, with respect to a Loan, refers to whether such Loan is a Base Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan, and, with respect to a Borrowing, refers to whether such Borrowing is a Base Rate Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing. 

UCC means Chapters 1 through 11 of the Texas Business and Commerce Code. 

UCP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce ICC Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

Unfunded Pension Liability means the excess, if any, of (a) the funding target as defined under Section 430(d) of the Code without regard to the special at-risk rules of Section 430(i) of the Code, over (b) the value of plan assets as defined under Section 430(g)(3)(A) of the Code determined as of the last day of each plan year, without regard to the averaging which may be allowed under Section 430(g)(3)(B) of the Code and reduced for any prefunding balance or funding standard carryover balance as defined and provided for in Section 430(f) of the Code. 

Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(c)(i) . 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.4(g)(ii)(B)(3) . Withholding Agent means each of Borrower and Administrative Agent. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 34 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Section 1.2 Accounting Matters . 

(a) 
			 Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the audited financial statements described in Section 6.2 , except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Debt of Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 

(b) 
			 Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth herein, and either Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, Administrative Agent, Lenders and Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (A) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (B) Borrower shall provide to Administrative Agent and Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 

Section 1.3 ERISA Matters . If, after the date hereof, there shall occur, with respect to ERISA, the adoption of any applicable Law, rule, or regulation, or any change therein, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by the PBGC or any other Governmental Authority, then either Borrower or Required Lenders may request a modification to this Agreement solely to preserve the original intent of this Agreement with respect to the provisions hereof applicable to ERISA, and the parties to this Agreement shall negotiate in good faith to complete such modification. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 35 

Section 1.4 Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided , however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 

Section 1.5 Other Definitional Provisions . All definitions contained in this Agreement are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. The words hereof , herein , and hereunder and words of similar import referring to this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Unless otherwise specified, all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear. Terms used herein that are defined in the UCC, unless otherwise defined herein, shall have the meanings specified in the UCC. Any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document). Any reference to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such Law and any reference to any Law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such Law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. Words denoting gender shall be construed to include the masculine, feminine and neuter, when such construction is appropriate; and specific enumeration shall not exclude the general but shall be constructed as cumulative; the word or is not exclusive; the word including (in its various forms) means including, without limitation in the computation of periods of time, the word from means from and including and the words to and until mean to but excluding and all references to money refer to the legal currency of the United States of America. 

Section 1.6 Interpretative Provision . For purposes of Section 10.1 , a breach of a financial covenant contained in Article 9 shall be deemed to have occurred as of any date of determination thereof by Borrower, the Required Lenders or as of the last date of any specified measurement period, regardless of when the financial statements or the Compliance Certificate reflecting such breach are delivered to Administrative Agent. 

Section 1.7 Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to central time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 

Section 1.8 Other Loan Documents . The other Loan Documents contain representations, warranties, covenants, defaults and other provisions that are in addition to and not limited by, or a limitation of, similar provisions of this Agreement. Such provisions in such other Loan Documents may be different or more expansive than similar provisions of this Agreement and neither such differences nor such more expansive provisions shall be construed as a conflict. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 36 

Section 1.9 Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware Law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s Laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 

Section 1.10 Rates . Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment or whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. Administrative Agent and its Affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Obligated Parties. Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to any Obligated Party, any Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

ARTICLE 2 

THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 

Section 2.1 The Loans . 

(a) 
			 Revolving Credit Borrowings . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Lender severally agrees to make one or more Loans revolving credit loans (each such loan, a Revolving Credit Loan to Borrower from time to time from the Closing Date until the Maturity Date for the Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount for such Lender at any time outstanding up to but not exceeding the amount of such Lender s Commitment, provided that the Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders shall not exceed the least of (i) the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders, (ii) 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 37 

the Borrowing Base, and (iii) the Credit Facility Amount. Subject to the foregoing limitations, and the other terms and provisions of this Agreement, Borrower may borrow, repay, and reborrow Revolving Credit Loans hereunder. 

(b) 
			 Borrowing Procedure . Each Borrowing shall be made upon Borrower s irrevocable notice to Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice (other than a notice to request a Swingline Loan, which is covered by Section 2.12 must be received by Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested date of any Term SOFR Borrowing and on the requested date of any Base Rate Borrowing. Each telephonic notice by Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.1(b) must be confirmed promptly by delivery to Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of a Term SOFR Borrowing shall be in a principal amount of at least 1,000,000. Except as provided in Section 2.2(c) , each Borrowing of or conversion to a Base Rate Borrowing shall be in a principal amount of at least 500,000. Each Borrowing of a Swingline Loan shall be a Base Rate Borrowing and shall be in a principal amount of 250,000 or a whole multiple of 50,000 in excess thereof. Each Borrowing Request (whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) the requested date of the Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (ii) the principal amount the Borrowings to be borrowed, and (iii) the Type of Borrowings to be borrowed. 

(c) 
			 Funding . Following receipt of a Borrowing Request, Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Borrowing. Each Lender shall make the amount of its Revolving Credit Loan available to Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at Administrative Agent s Principal Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Borrowing Request . ; provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.12 . Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 5.2 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 5.1 ), Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to Borrower in like funds as received by Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of Borrower on the books of Texas Capital Bank with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) Administrative Agent by Borrower; provided , however , that if, on the date the Borrowing Request with respect to such Borrowing is given by Borrower, there are L/C Borrowings and/or Swingline Loans outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first , shall be applied to the payment in full of any such Swingline Loans and L/C Borrowings, and second , shall be made available to Borrower as provided above. 

(d) 
			 Continuations and Conversions . The Applicable Rate shall be based upon Term SOFR, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. Base Rate Loans will not be available to Borrower, unless Administrative Agent elects to make them available in Administrative Agent s sole discretion, or unless otherwise required by Sections 3.2 or 3.3 . If Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Borrowing Request, then the applicable Loan shall be made as a Term SOFR Loan, unless otherwise required by Sections 3.2 or 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 38 

3.3 . A Term SOFR Loan may not be converted to a Base Rate Loan, unless Administrative Agent elects to permit such conversion in Administrative Agent s sole discretion, or unless otherwise required by Sections 3.2 or 3.3 . This Section 2.1(d) shall not apply to Borrowings consisting of Swingline Loans, which may not be converted or continued. 

(e) 
			 Notifications . Administrative Agent shall promptly notify Borrower and Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Term SOFR Borrowings upon determination of such interest rate. 

Section 2.2 Letters of Credit . 

(a) The Letter of Credit Commitment . 

(i) 
			 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of Lenders set forth in this Section 2.2 , (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit for the account of Borrower or its Subsidiaries that are Guarantors, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with subsection (b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit; and (B) Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of Borrower or its Subsidiaries that are Guarantors and any drawings thereunder; provided that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (x) the Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders shall not exceed the lesser of the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders and the Borrowing Base, (y) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment, and (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Each request by Borrower for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by Borrower that the L/C Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Borrower s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. 

(ii) 
			 L/C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit, or permit the renewal of any Letter of Credit, if: 

(A) 
			 the initial expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twenty-four (24) months after the date of issuance, unless Required Lenders have approved such expiry date; or 

(B) 
			 the Letter of Credit would automatically renew for a period in excess of twelve (12) months, unless Required Lenders have approved such Letter of Credit; or 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 39 

(C) 
			 the Letter of Credit would automatically renew without providing L/C Issuer with an opportunity to prevent each and every renewal; or 

(D) 
			 the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all Lenders have approved such expiry date. 

(iii) 
			 L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: 

(A) 
			 any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental 

Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain L/C Issuer from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon L/C Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it; 

(B) 
			 the issuance of the Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally; 

(C) 
			 except as otherwise agreed by Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than 25,000; 

(D) 
			 the Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars; 

(E) 
			 any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with Borrower or such Lender to eliminate L/C Issuer s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 12.22(a)(iv) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which L/C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion ; or 

(F) 
			 the Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 40 

(iv) 
			 L/C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof. 

(v) 
			 L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to the Letter of Credit. 

(vi) 
			 L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to Administrative Agent in Article 11 with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article 11 included L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to L/C Issuer. 

(vii) 
			 Once a Letter of Credit has been issued, Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) L/C Issuer to permit the renewal of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the earlier of (i) twelve (12) months from the date of such renewal, or (ii) the Letter of Credit Expiration Date. 

(b) 
			 Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit . 

(i) 
			 Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of Borrower delivered to L/C Issuer (with a copy to Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent by facsimile, by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by L/C Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to L/C Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by L/C Issuer and Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two (2) Business Days (or such later date and time as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit; and (H) such other 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 41 

matters as L/C Issuer may require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to L/C Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as L/C Issuer may require. Additionally, Borrower shall furnish to L/C Issuer and Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as L/C Issuer or Administrative Agent may require. 

(ii) 
			 Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, L/C Issuer will confirm with Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from Borrower and, if not, L/C Issuer will provide Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Lender, Administrative Agent or any Obligated Party, at least one (1) Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article 5 shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of Borrower (or the applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with L/C Issuer s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Letter of Credit. 

(iii) 
			 Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, L/C Issuer will also deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 

(c) 
			 Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations . 

(i) 
			 Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, L/C Issuer shall notify Borrower and Administrative Agent thereof. Not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of any payment by L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an Honor Date ), Borrower shall reimburse L/C Issuer through Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing ; provided that, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.12 that such payment be financed with a Revolving Credit Loan or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Revolving Credit Loan or Swingline Loan, as applicable . If Borrower fails to so 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 42 

reimburse L/C Issuer by such time, Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the Unreimbursed Amount ), and the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. In such event, Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a 

Borrowing to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 5.2 (other than the delivery of a Borrowing Request). Any notice given by L/C Issuer or Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.2(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 

(ii) 
			 Each Lender shall upon any notice requesting a Revolving Credit Loan pursuant to Section 2.2(c)(i) make funds available (and Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account of L/C Issuer at Administrative Agent s Principal Office in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.2(c)(iii) , each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Revolving Credit Loan (or, if the conditions set forth in Section 5.2 are not satisfied, an L/C Borrowing as further described in clause (iii) below) to Borrower in such amount. Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to L/C Issuer. 

(iii) 
			 With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Borrowing because the conditions set forth in Section 5.2 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Interest Rate. In such event, each Lender s payment to Administrative Agent for the account of L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.2(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.2 . 

(iv) 
			 Until each Lender funds its Revolving Credit Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.2(c) to reimburse L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of L/C Issuer. 

(v) 
			 Each Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse L/C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.2(c) , shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against L/C Issuer, Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 43 

continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided , however , that each Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans (but not its obligation to fund it pro rata share of L/C Advances) pursuant to this Section 2.2(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 5.2 (other than delivery by Borrower of a Borrowing Request). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of Borrower to reimburse L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. 

(vi) 
			 If any Lender fails to make available to Administrative Agent for the account of L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.2(c) by the time specified in Section 2.2(c)(ii), then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by L/C Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Credit Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of L/C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) 
			 Repayment of Participations . 

(i) 
			 At any time after L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Lender such Lender s L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.2(c) , if Administrative Agent receives for the account of L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by Administrative Agent), Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by Administrative Agent. 

(ii) 
			 If any payment received by Administrative Agent for the account of L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.2(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 12.24 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by L/C Issuer in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to Administrative Agent for the account of L/C Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of Lenders under 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 44 

this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 

(e) 
			 Obligations Absolute . The obligation of Borrower to reimburse L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following: 

(i) 
			 any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document; 

(ii) 
			 the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; 

(iii) 
			 any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; 

(iv) 
			 waiver by L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists for L/C Issuer s protection and not the protection of Borrower or any waiver by L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice Borrower; 

(v) 
			 honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft; 

(vi) 
			 any payment made by L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC, the ISP or the UCP, as applicable; 

(vii) 
			 any payment by L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or (viii) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 45 

any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, Borrower or any Subsidiary. 

Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, Borrower will immediately notify L/C Issuer. Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 

(f) 
			 Role of L/C Issuer . Each Lender and Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, L/C Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of L/C Issuer, Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of Required Lenders; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided , however , that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude Borrower s pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of L/C Issuer, Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of L/C Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (viii) of Section 2.2(e); provided , however , that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, Borrower may have a claim against L/C Issuer, and L/C Issuer may be liable to Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by Borrower which Borrower proves were caused by L/C Issuer s willful misconduct or gross negligence or L/C Issuer s willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and L/C Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. L/C Issuer may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication message or overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means of communicating with a beneficiary. 

(g) 
			 Applicability of ISP; Limitation of Liability . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by L/C Issuer and Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of the ISP 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 46 

shall apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, L/C Issuer shall not be responsible to Borrower for, and L/C Issuer s rights and remedies against Borrower shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of L/C Issuer required or permitted under any Law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit or other Issuer Document chooses such Law or practice. 

(h) 
			 Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges . Borrower shall pay directly to L/C Issuer for the account of each Lender in accordance, subject to Section 12.22 , with its Applicable Percentage, an annual, non-refundable, fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit, in an amount equal to two-tenths of one percent (0.20 of the face amount of the Letter of Credit. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable upon the issuance or renewal of such Letter of Credit. In addition, Borrower shall pay directly to L/C Issuer for its own account, any amounts set forth in the Fee Letter, the customary issuance, presentation and amendment fees, and other standard costs and charges, of L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such fees, costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. 

(i) 
			 Conflict with Issuer Documents . In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. 

(j) 
			 Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of Borrower, and that Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 

Section 2.3 Borrowing Base and Sublimits . 

(a) 
			 Borrowing Limitation . In addition to any and all limitations and conditions contained herein, Borrower shall not be entitled to a Borrowing under the Credit Facility which would cause the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all Borrowings, together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon, together with the outstanding amount of all L/C Obligations, to exceed the lesser of (i) the Borrowing Base, or (ii) the Credit Facility Amount. 

(b) 
			 Qualified Borrowing Base Property . Cash and Equivalents, Entitled Land, LUD, Lots, Model Houses, Pre-Sold Houses and Spec Houses for which all of the following conditions have been satisfied shall qualify as Borrowing Base Property, subject 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 47 

to Administrative Agent s absolute approval rights: (i) the proposed Borrowing Base Property must comply with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, (ii) if requested by Administrative Agent, Borrower has delivered to Administrative Agent documents reasonably necessary to determine whether the proposed Borrowing Base Property complies with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and (iii) Borrower has included such Borrowing Base Property in the most recently submitted Borrowing Base Report which has been approved by Administrative Agent. 

(c) 
			 Credit Facility Term . All outstanding Obligations with respect to the Credit Facility shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date. After the Maturity Date, Borrower shall have no right to either (i) submit any further Borrowing Requests, or (ii) request that any new Borrowing Base Property be added to the Borrowing Base, and Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to honor any such requests. 

(d) 
			 Borrowing Base Reports . Borrower shall deliver to Administrative Agent a Borrowing Base Report (i) when required pursuant to Section 7.1 , and (ii) concurrently with any Borrowing Request or Letter of Credit Application. The delivery to Administrative Agent of a Borrowing Base Report shall be a certification by Borrower that the facts represented therein are true, correct and complete as of the date of such Borrowing Base Report. 

(e) 
			 Total Cost Documentation . Upon Administrative Agent s request, in connection with any Borrowing Base Report, Borrower shall furnish to Administrative Agent evidence of the Total Cost for each parcel of Entitled Land, LUD, Lot, Model House, Pre-Sold House and Spec House, in form and substance acceptable to Administrative Agent. 

(f) 
			 Borrowing Base Report Approval . Administrative Agent shall have the right to review and approve or disapprove (and to make appropriate adjustments as contemplated in this Agreement for approval) each Borrowing Base Report; provided, however, until such Borrowing Base Report is approved or adjusted by Administrative Agent, the most recent Borrowing Base Report submitted by Borrower and approved or adjusted, from time to time as herein contemplated, by Administrative Agent shall be in effect. The funding of a Borrowing based upon a Borrowing Base Report submitted to Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to be an unconditional approval thereof. If Administrative Agent reasonably believes that any current or prior Borrowing Base Report is incomplete or inaccurate in any respect which causes the Credit Facility to be funded in excess of what is specified in this Agreement, then the Borrowing Base shall be limited to such amount as Administrative Agent reasonably determines to be applicable in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement until such time as the Borrowing Base Report is reasonably determined by Administrative Agent to be true, correct and complete. 

(g) 
			 Removal of Borrowing Base Property from Borrowing Base . If Administrative Agent reasonably determines that any portion of the Borrowing Base Property, although previously included in the Borrowing Base, is or becomes the subject of a condition which violates any of the provisions hereof, or is materially impaired by 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 48 

casualty or condemnation, then Administrative Agent may remove such portion of the Borrowing Base Property from the Borrowing Base and such portion shall have a Maximum Credit Amount of zero dollars 0). If the condition is thereafter cured, the removed portion of the Borrowing Base Property may be thereafter included in the Borrowing Base, however, the date the portion of the Borrowing Base Property was initially included in the Borrowing Base shall be used in calculation of the adjustments to the Borrowing Base for the determination of the Maximum Credit Amount as specified herein. 

(h) 
			 Spec House Sublimit . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the number of Spec Houses included as Borrowing Base Property, at any one time, shall not exceed the Spec House Sublimit. 

Section 2.4 Fees . 

(a) 
			 Fees . Borrower agrees to pay to Administrative Agent and Arranger, for the account of Administrative Agent, Arranger and each Lender, as applicable, fees, in the amounts and on the dates set forth in the Fee Letter. 

(b) 
			 Commitment Fees . Borrower agrees to pay to Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance, subject to Section 12.22 , with its Applicable Percentage a commitment fee on the daily average unused amount of the Commitment of such Lender for the period from and including the date of this Agreement to and including the Maturity Date for the Credit Facility (including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article 5 is not met), at a rate equal to the Commitment Fee Rate. For the purpose of calculating the commitment fee hereunder, the Commitment of each Lender shall be deemed utilized by the amount of all outstanding Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations, owing to such Lender whether directly or by participation. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the first day of each April, July, October, and January during the term of this Agreement and on the Maturity Date for the Credit Facility. For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of calculating the commitment fee, the outstanding principal balance of Swingline Loans shall not be factored into the computation. 

Section 2.5 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback . 

(a) 
			 General . All payments of principal, interest, and other amounts to be made by Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be made to Administrative Agent for the account of Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer or the pro rata accounts of the applicable Lenders, as applicable, at the Principal Office in Dollars and immediately available funds, without setoff, deduction, or counterclaim, and free and clear of all taxes at the time and in the manner provided herein. Payments by check or draft shall not constitute payment in immediately available funds until the required amount is actually received by Administrative Agent in full. Payments in immediately available funds received by Administrative Agent in the place designated 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 49 

for payment on a Business Day prior to 12:00 noon at such place of payment shall be credited prior to the close of business on the Business Day received, while payments received by Administrative Agent on a day other than a Business Day or after 12:00 noon on a Business Day shall not be credited until the next succeeding Business Day. If any payment of principal or interest on the Notes shall become due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, then such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. Any such extension of time for payment shall be included in computing interest which has accrued and shall be payable in connection with such payment. Administrative Agent is hereby authorized upon notice to Borrower to charge the account of Borrower maintained with Administrative Agent for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder. 

(b) 
			 Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender, that such Lender will not make available to Administrative Agent such Lender s share of a Borrowing, Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with this Agreement and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and Borrower severally agree to pay to Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by Borrower, the interest rate applicable to the applicable Borrowing. If Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to Borrower the amount of such interest paid by Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan. Any payment by Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to Administrative Agent. 

(c) 
			 Payments by Borrower; Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless Administrative Agent shall have received notice from Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to Administrative Agent for the account of L/C Issuer , the Swingline Lender or the applicable Lenders hereunder that Borrower will not make such payment, Administrative Agent may assume that Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to L/C Issuer , the Swingline Lender or the applicable Lenders the amount due. In such event, if Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then L/C Issuer , the Swingline Lender or each applicable Lender, as applicable, severally agrees to repay to Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to L/C Issuer , the Swingling Lender or such Lender, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to Administrative Agent, at the greater 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 50 

of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

Section 2.6 Evidence of Debt . 

(a) 
			 The Loans made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business; provided that such Lender or Administrative Agent may, in addition, request that such Loans be evidenced by the Notes. The Credit Extensions made by L/C Issuer shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by L/C Issuer and by Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, the Swingline Lender and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made to Borrower and, with respect to Letters of Credit issued for the account of a Subsidiary, such Subsidiary and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by L/C Issuer, the Swingline Lender or any Lender and the accounts and records of Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 

(b) 
			 In addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a) above, each Lender and Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit . and Swingline Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 

Section 2.7 Cash Collateral . 

(a) 
			 Certain Credit Support Events . If (i) L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing, (ii) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, (iii) Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 10.2 , or (iv) there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, Borrower shall immediately (in the case of clause (iii) above) or within one (1) Business Day (in all other cases) following any request by Administrative Agent or L/C Issuer, provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to clause (iv) above, after giving effect to Section 12.22(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). 

(b) 
			 Grant of Security Interest . Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 51 

of) Administrative Agent, for the benefit of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such Cash Collateral, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.7(c) . If at any time Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than Administrative Agent or L/C Issuer as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, Borrower will, promptly upon demand by Administrative Agent, pay or provide to Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in one or more blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Texas Capital Bank. Borrower shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. 

(c) 
			 Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.7 or Sections 2.2 , 10.2 or 12.22 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 

(d) 
			 Release . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 12.8(b)(vii) or (ii) the determination by Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided , however , the Person providing Cash Collateral and L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 

Section 2.8 Interest; Payment Terms . 

(a) 
			 Revolving Credit Loans; Swingline Loans Payment of Principal and 

Interest; Revolving Nature . The unpaid principal amount of each Borrowing of the Revolving Credit Loans and Swingline Loans shall, subject to the following sentence and Section 2.8(g) , bear interest at the applicable Interest Rate. If at any time such rate of interest would exceed the Maximum Rate but for the provisions thereof limiting interest to the Maximum Rate, then any subsequent reduction shall not reduce the rate of interest on the Revolving Credit Loans below the Maximum Rate until the aggregate amount of interest accrued on the Revolving Credit Loans equals the aggregate amount of interest which would have accrued on the Revolving Credit Loans if the interest rate had not been limited by the Maximum Rate. All accrued but unpaid interest on the principal balance of the Revolving Credit Loans shall be payable on each Payment Date and on the Maturity 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 52 

Date for the Credit Facility, provided that interest accruing at the Default Interest Rate pursuant to Section 2.8(g) shall be payable on demand. The then Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Credit Loans and Swingline Loans and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date for the Credit Facility. The unpaid principal balance of the Revolving Credit Loans at any time shall be the total amount advanced hereunder by Lenders less the amount of principal payments made thereon by or for Borrower, which balance may be endorsed on the Notes from time to time by Lenders or otherwise noted in Lenders and/or Administrative Agent s records, which notations shall be, absent manifest error, conclusive evidence of the amounts owing hereunder from time to time. 

(b) 
			 Rate Determination . The Interest Rate shall be adjusted as of the first Business Day of each Interest Period, and Term SOFR shall be used to determine the Interest Rate for that Interest Period . , except with respect to Base Rate Loans and Swingline Loans (to the extent that Administrative Agent or Swingline Lender make Base Rate Loans or Swingline Loans available). The Interest Rate for the first Interest Period (or fraction thereof) of this Credit Facility shall be determined on the Closing Date, and the Interest Rate shall remain fixed throughout the remainder of such Interest Period (or fraction thereof) until the first Business Day of the following Interest Period (subject to the provisions of Section 12.19 of this Agreement). The Interest Rate for subsequent Interest Periods shall be re-determined, and adjusted if necessary, on each subsequent Periodic Term SOFR Determination Date, and the Interest Rate shall remain fixed throughout the applicable Interest Period until the first Business Day of the following Interest Period (subject to the provisions of Section 12.19 of this Agreement). The determination by Administrative Agent of the Interest Rate shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding in all respects. 

(c) 
			 Application . Except as expressly provided herein to the contrary, all payments on the Obligations under the Loan Documents shall be applied in the following order of priority: (i) the payment or reimbursement of any expenses, costs or obligations (other than the Outstanding Amount thereof and interest thereon) for which Borrower shall be obligated or Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, or any Lender shall be entitled pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, the Notes or the other Loan Documents; (ii) the payment of accrued but unpaid interest thereon; and (iii) the payment of all or any portion of the principal balance thereof then outstanding hereunder as directed by Borrower. If an Event of Default exists under this Agreement, the Notes or under any of the other Loan Documents, any such payment shall be applied as provided in Section 10.3 below. 

(d) 
			 Computation Period . Interest on the Loans and all other amounts payable by Borrower hereunder on a per annum basis shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day) unless such calculation would result in a usurious rate or to the extent such Loan bears interest based upon the Base Rate, in which case interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 365-day year or 366-day year, as the case may be. In computing the number of days during which interest accrues, the day on which funds are initially advanced shall be included regardless of the time of day such advance is made, and the day on which funds 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 53 

are repaid shall be included unless repayment is credited prior to the close of business on the Business Day received. Each determination by Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

(e) 
			 Unconditional Payment . Borrower is and shall be obligated to pay all principal, interest and any and all other amounts which become payable under any of the Loan Documents absolutely and unconditionally and without any abatement, postponement, diminution or deduction whatsoever and without any reduction for counterclaim or setoff whatsoever. If at any time any payment received by Administrative Agent hereunder shall be deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to have been a voidable preference or fraudulent conveyance under any Debtor Relief Law, then the obligation to make such payment shall survive any cancellation or satisfaction of the Obligations under the Loan Documents and shall not be discharged or satisfied with any prior payment thereof or cancellation of such Obligations, but shall remain a valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof, and such payment shall be immediately due and payable upon demand. 

(f) 
			 Partial or Incomplete Payments . Subject to Section 10.3 , if at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal , Swingline Loans , L/C Borrowings, interest, fees and other amounts then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first , to pay interest, fees and other amounts (other than principal in respect of Revolving Credit Loans and Swingline Loans and L/C Borrowings) then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest, fees and other amounts then due to such parties, and (ii) second , to pay principal in respect of Revolving Credit Loans and Swingline Loans and L/C Borrowings then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal or L/C Borrowings, as applicable, then due to such parties. Remittances in payment of any part of the Obligations under the Loan Documents other than in the required amount in immediately available funds at the place where such Obligations are payable shall not, regardless of any receipt or credit issued therefor, constitute payment until the required amount is actually received by Administrative Agent in full in accordance herewith and shall be made and accepted subject to the condition that any check or draft may be handled for collection in accordance with the practice of the collecting bank or banks. Acceptance by Administrative Agent of any payment in an amount less than the full amount then due shall be deemed an acceptance on account only, and the failure to pay the entire amount then due shall be and continue to be an Event of Default. 

(g) 
			 Default Interest Rate . For so long as any Event of Default exists, regardless of whether or not there has been an acceleration of the Loans, and at all times after the maturity of the Loans (whether by acceleration or otherwise), and in addition to all other rights and remedies of Administrative Agent or Lenders hereunder, (i) interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Amount of the Loans at the Default Interest Rate, (ii) interest shall accrue on any past due amount (other than the Outstanding Amount of the Loans) at the Default Interest Rate and (iii) upon the request of the Required Lenders, interest shall accrue on the principal amount of all other outstanding Obligations at the 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 54 

Default Interest Rate, and such accrued interest shall be immediately due and payable. Borrower acknowledges that it would be extremely difficult or impracticable to determine Administrative Agent s or Lenders actual damages resulting from any late payment or Event of Default, and such accrued interest are reasonable estimates of those damages and do not constitute a penalty. 

(h) 
			 Term SOFR Conforming Changes . In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. 

Section 2.9 Prepayments . 

(a) 
			 Voluntary Prepayments . Subject to the conditions set forth below, Borrower shall have the right, at any time and from time to time upon at least three (3) Business Days prior written notice to Administrative Agent , to prepay the principal of the Revolving Credit Loans , and Swingline Loans in full or in part. Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of a prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by telephone (confirmed by fax) or through an electronic system or method approved by the Administrative Agent for such purpose, of any prepayment not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) in the case of a prepayment of Term SOFR Loans, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of prepayment and (ii) in the case of a prepayment of Base Rate Loans (including Swingline Loans), at least one (1) Business Day prior to such prepayment. If there is a prepayment of all or any portion of the principal of the Revolving Credit Loans or Swingline Loans on or before the Maturity Date for such Loans, whether voluntary or mandatory or because of acceleration or otherwise, such prepayment shall also include (x) any and all accrued but unpaid interest on the amount of principal being so prepaid through and including the date of prepayment, plus any other sums which have become due to Lenders under the other Loan Documents on or before the date of prepayment, but which have not been fully paid. 

(b) 
			 Mandatory Prepayment of Credit Facility . If at any time the Revolving Credit Exposure of the Lenders exceeds the Borrowing Base then in effect, then Borrower shall immediately prepay the entire amount of such excess to Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of Lenders, and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided , however , that Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.9(b) unless after the prepayment in full of the Revolving Credit Loans, the Revolving Credit Exposure of the Lenders exceeds the Borrowing Base then in effect. Each prepayment required by this Section 2.9(b) shall be applied, first, to any Base Rate Borrowings then outstanding, and, second, to any Term SOFR Borrowings then outstanding, and if more than one Term SOFR 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 55 

Borrowing is then outstanding, to such Term SOFR Borrowing in such order as Borrower may direct, or if Borrower fails to so direct, as Administrative Agent shall elect. 

Section 2.10 Uncommitted Increase in Commitments. 

(a) 
			 Request for Increase . Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), Borrower may from time to time, request an increase in the Credit Facility Amount and the aggregate Commitments by an amount (for all such requests) not exceeding 200,000,000 (i.e., up to a maximum potential Credit Facility Amount of 1,000,000,000); provided that (i) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 20,000,000, and (ii) Borrower may make a maximum of three such requests. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase, and subject to the approval of Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender and L/C Issuer (which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld), Borrower may (i) request that one or more Lenders increase their Commitment, (ii) invite all Lenders to increase their respective Commitment, and/or (iii) invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

(b) 
			 Notification by Administrative Agent; Additional Lenders . In the event the Borrower invites all Lenders to increase their respective Commitment, then at the time of sending such notice, Borrower (in consultation with Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten (10) Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders). Each Lender shall notify Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to increase its Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Percentage of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment. Administrative Agent shall notify Borrower and each Lender of the Lenders responses to each request made hereunder. 

(c) 
			 Effective Date and Allocations . If the Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section, Administrative Agent and Borrower shall determine the effective date (the Increase Effective Date and the final allocation of such increase. Administrative Agent shall promptly notify Borrower and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date. 

(d) 
			 Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase . As a condition precedent to such increase, Borrower shall deliver to Administrative Agent a certificate of Borrower dated as of the Increase Effective Date, signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent (x) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by Borrower approving or consenting to such increase, and (y) certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article 6 and the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 56 

date, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.10 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 7.1 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 7.1 , (B) the proposed increase will not violate the terms and conditions of the Bond Indenture, and (C) no Default exists. Additionally, Borrower shall pay to Administrative Agent (i) a non-refundable fee in an amount to be determined by Administrative Agent based upon prevailing market conditions at the time of such increase, for the account of each Lender that increases its Commitment, and (ii) any amounts set forth in the Fee Letter. Furthermore, Borrower shall prepay any Revolving Credit Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.5 to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Revolving Credit Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Commitments under this Section. 

(e) 
			 Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 12.23 or 12.10 to the contrary. 

Section 2.11 Uncommitted Extension Option. 

(a) 
			 Request for Extension of Maturity Date . Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), Borrower may request to exercise the Extension Option; provided that (i) any such request for an extension must be delivered to Administrative Agent at least sixty (60), but not more than one hundred twenty (120) days, prior to the initial Maturity Date, (ii) the extension request may only be granted by the unanimous written approval of Administrative Agent and all Lenders, as evidenced by an Extension Option Agreement, (iii) Administrative Agent and each Lender may grant or withhold their approval in their sole discretion, and (iv), if Administrative Agent and each Lender approve Borrower s request, then Borrower must pay the Extension Fee to Administrative Agent on the Extension Option Agreement Date. At the time of sending such notice, Borrower (in consultation with Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders). 

(b) 
			 Lender Elections to Extension . Each Lender shall notify Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to approve the Extension Option. Any Lender that declines to approve the Extension Option shall be a Rejecting Lender . Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to approve the Extension Option, and therefore be a Rejecting Lender. 

(c) 
			 Notification by Administrative Agent . Administrative Agent shall notify Borrower and each Lender of the Lenders responses to each request made hereunder. 

(d) 
			 Rejecting Lenders . Within fifteen (15) days after the date the Borrower receives notice of the Rejecting Lenders, Borrower may elect, with respect to each Rejecting Lender, by written notice to the Administrative Agent and such Rejecting Lender, 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 57 

either (i) to require a Rejecting Lender to, and such Rejecting Lender shall, assign the Commitment and Loans owing to such Rejecting Lender to an Eligible Assignee specified by Borrower, subject to and in accordance with Section 12.8(b) , for a purchase price Purchase Price equal to (A) the aggregate principal balance of the Loans then outstanding and owing to such Rejecting Lender, plus (B) any accrued but unpaid interest and fees related to such Loans owing to such Rejecting Lender, plus (C) any other amounts due and payable to such Rejecting Lender pursuant to this Agreement, any such assignment to be effective as of the then current Maturity Date (or such earlier date as Borrower may elect), or (ii) to pay, at any time on or prior to the then-current Maturity Date, the Purchase Price to such Rejecting Lender effective as of the then-current Maturity Date (or such earlier date as Borrower may elect), whereupon such Rejecting Lender s Commitment shall terminate, the aggregate amount of the Commitments shall be so reduced, and the Loans owing to the Rejecting Lender shall be deemed fully paid and discharged. 

(e) 
			 No Obligation . Neither Administrative Agent, any Rejecting Lender nor any Affiliate thereof shall be obligated in any way to initiate any assignment referred to in the preceding subsection (d) or to assist in finding an Eligible Assignee or Affiliate thereof. 

(f) 
			 Conditions to Effectiveness of Extension . As a condition precedent to such extension, (i) Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Lender shall execute an Extension Option Agreement, (ii) Borrower shall pay the Extension Fee to Administrative Agent, and (iii) Borrower shall deliver to Administrative Agent a certificate of Borrower, dated as of the Extension Option Agreement Date, signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by Borrower approving or consenting to such extension, and (y) in the case of Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such extension, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article 6 and the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of the Extension Option Agreement Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.11 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 7.1 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 7.1 , and (B) no Default exists. 

(g) 
			 Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 12.10 to the contrary. 

Section 2.12 Swingline Loans. 

(a) 
			 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline Loans to Borrower, during the period from the Closing Date to but excluding the Swingline Maturity Date, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding up to, but not exceeding, the Swingline Availability. If at any time the aggregate principal amount of the Swingline Loans outstanding at such time exceeds the Swingline Availability in effect at such time, Borrower shall immediately pay Administrative Agent for the account of Swingline Lender the amount of such excess. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Borrower may borrow, repay 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 58 

and reborrow Swingline Loans hereunder. Each Swingline Loan shall be subject to all the terms and conditions applicable to other Base Rate Loans funded by the Lenders, except that all payments thereon shall be payable to the Swingline Lender solely for its own account. Swingline Lender shall not make any Swingline Loan if the amount of the requested Swingline Loan exceeds Availability (before or after giving effect to such Swingline Loan). All Swingline Loans shall be Base Rate Loans. 

(b) 
			 Borrower shall notify Administrative Agent and Swingline Lender of each Borrowing of a Swingline Loan by providing Administrative Agent and Swingline Lender with either a written Swingline Borrowing Request or telephonic notice. Each Swingline Borrowing Request shall be delivered to Swingline Lender no later than 11:00 a.m. Central time on the proposed date of such Borrowing. Any telephonic notice shall include all information to be specified in a written Swingline Borrowing Request and shall be promptly confirmed in writing by the Borrower pursuant to a written Swingline Borrowing Request sent to Swingline Lender by telecopy, electronic mail or other similar form of communication on the same day of the giving of such telephonic notice. On the date of the requested Swingline Loan and subject to satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in this Agreement for such Borrowing, Swingline Lender will make the proceeds of such Swingline Loan available to Borrower by crediting the account of Borrower on the books of Texas Capital Bank with the amount of such funds. 

(c) 
			 Borrower agrees to repay each Swingline Loan within one (1) Business Day after demand therefor by Swingline Lender and, in any event, within five (5) Business Days after the date such Swingline Loan was made; provided, that the proceeds of a Swingline Loan may not be used to pay a Swingline Loan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall repay the entire outstanding principal amount of, and all accrued but unpaid interest on, the Swingline Loans on the Swingline Maturity Date (or such earlier date as the Swingline Lender and the Borrower may agree in writing). Unless the Borrower has repaid a Swingline Loan within three (3) Business Days after the date on which such Swingline Loan was advanced, Borrower hereby irrevocably directs Swingline Lender, on behalf of Borrower, to request a borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans (which Loans shall be Benchmark Rate Loans) from the Lenders in an amount equal to the principal balance of such Swingline Loan, in accordance with each Lender s Applicable Percentage. The dollar amount limitations contained in Section 2.1.(b) shall not apply to any Borrowing of such Revolving Credit Loans made pursuant to this subsection. Swingline Lender shall give notice to Administrative Agent of any such Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans not later than 11:00 a.m. Central time at least one Business Day prior to the proposed date of such Borrowing. Promptly after receipt of such notice of borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans from Swingline Lender under the immediately preceding sentence, Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the proposed Borrowing. Not later than 1:00 p.m. Central time on the proposed date of such Borrowing, each Lender will make available to Administrative Agent at the Principal Office for the account of Swingline Lender, in immediately available funds, the proceeds of the Revolving Credit Loan to be made by such Lender. Administrative Agent shall pay the proceeds of such Revolving Credit Loans to Swingline Lender, which shall apply such proceeds to repay such Swingline Loan. If the Lenders are prohibited from making Revolving Credit Loans required to be made under this subsection for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation, the existence of any of the Defaults 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 59 

or Events of Default, then each Lender shall purchase from Swingline Lender, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation to the extent of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan, by directly purchasing a participation in such Swingline Loan in such amount and paying the proceeds thereof to Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender in Dollars and in immediately available funds. A Lender s obligation to purchase such a participation in a Swingline Loan shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including without limitation, (i) any claim of setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender or any other Person may have or claim against Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender or any other Person whatsoever, (ii) the existence of a Default or Event of Default, or the termination of any Lender s Commitment, (iii) the existence (or alleged existence) of an event or condition which has had or could have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) any breach of any Loan Document by Administrative Agent, any Lender, Borrower or any other Obligated Party, or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. If such amount is not in fact made available to Swingline Lender by any Lender, then Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such Lender, together with accrued interest thereon for each day from the date of demand thereof, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. If such Lender does not pay such amount forthwith upon Swingline Lender s demand therefor, and until such time as such Lender makes the required payment, Swingline Lender shall be deemed to continue to have outstanding Swingline Loans in the amount of such unpaid participation obligation for all purposes of the Loan Documents (other than those provisions requiring the other Lenders to purchase a participation therein). Further, such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned any and all payments made of principal and interest on its Revolving Credit Loans, and any other amounts due it hereunder, to Swingline Lender to fund Swingline Loans in the amount of the participation in Swingline Loans that such Lender failed to purchase pursuant to this Section until such amount has been purchased (as a result of such assignment or otherwise). 

(d) 
			 Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among Borrower, Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Swingline Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, Borrower shall pay all unpaid interest accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.8(a) . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of a Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 60 

(e) 
			 The Swingline Lender may resign as a Swingline Lender at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, the Swingline Lender may be replaced in accordance with Section 2.12(d) above. 

ARTICLE 3 

TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND INDEMNITY 

Section 3.1 Increased Costs . 

(a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) 
			 impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in Term SOFR); 

(ii) 
			 subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 

(iii) 
			 impose on any Lender any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan, or to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or other Recipient, Borrower will pay to such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

(b) 
			 Capital or Liquidity Requirements . If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by such Lender or the Letters of Credit issued by L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 61 

but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(c) 
			 Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in Sections 3.1(a) or (b) and delivered to Borrower, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 

(d) 
			 Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 3.1 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation; provided that Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section 3.1 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine (9) months prior to the date that such Lender notifies Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions, and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine (9) -month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 

Section 3.2 Illegality . If any Lender determines that any Law or regulation has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to Borrower through Administrative Agent, (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Term SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies Administrative Agent and Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) Borrower shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Term SOFR Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon Adjusted Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 62 

applicable to such Lender without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component thereof until Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon Adjusted Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 

Section 3.3 Changed Circumstances; Benchmark Replacement . 

(a) Changed Circumstances . Subject to clause (b) below, if prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for any Benchmark Rate Borrowing, 

(i) 
			 Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) in connection with any request for a Benchmark Rate Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof or otherwise, that for any reason adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the applicable Benchmark for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Benchmark Rate Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Borrowing (provided that no Benchmark Transition Event shall have occurred at such time); or 

(ii) 
			 Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the applicable Benchmark for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Benchmark Rate Loan will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding or maintaining their Benchmark Rate Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period, 

then Administrative Agent will promptly so notify Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of Lenders to make or maintain Benchmark Rate Loans shall be suspended, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Benchmark Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Benchmark Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Benchmark Rate Borrowings or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Base Rate Borrowing in the amount specified therein. 

(b) Benchmark Replacement Setting . 

(i) 
			 Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (A) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 63 

hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (B) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 

(ii) 
			 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(iii) 
			 Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . Administrative Agent will promptly notify Borrower and the Lenders of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (B) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, (C) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (iv) below and (D) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.3(b) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.3(b) . 

(iv) 
			 Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then - current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate or BSBY) and either (1) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (2) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 64 

publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (B) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (1) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (2) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(v) 
			 Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Benchmark Rate Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 

(vi) 
			 BSBY Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, at any time that BSBY is the then current Benchmark, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: 

(A) 
			 adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month and six month interest periods of BSBY, including, without limitation, because the BSBY Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(B) 
			 Bloomberg or any successor administrator of the BSBY Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or Bloomberg or such administrator has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest periods of BSBY or the BSBY Screen Rate shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 65 

continue to provide such representative interest periods of BSBY after such specific date (the latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of BSBY or the BSBY Screen Rate are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date ); 

then, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the BSBY Replacement Date ), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (B) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, BSBY will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with a Benchmark Replacement determined in accordance with the definition thereof. 

Section 3.4 Taxes . 

(a) 
			 Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section, the term applicable Law includes FATCA. 

(b) 
			 Payment Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.4 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(c) 
			 Payment of Other Taxes by Borrower . Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(d) 
			 Indemnification by Borrower . Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.4 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to Administrative Agent), or by Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 66 

(e) 
			 Indemnification by Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that Borrower has not already indemnified Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 12.8 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to Administrative Agent under this Section 3.4(e) . 

(f) 
			 Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 3.4 , Borrower shall deliver to Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. 

(g) 
			 Status of Lenders . 

(i) 
			 Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent as will enable Borrower or Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two (2) sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.4(g)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in such Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 67 

(ii) 
			 Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that Borrower is a U.S. Person, 

(A) 
			 any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) 
			 any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1) 
			 in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN (or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, if applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN (or IRS Form W-8BENE, if applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or 

other income article of such tax treaty; 

(2) 
			 executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(3) 
			 in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN (or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, if applicable); or 

(4) 
			 to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN (or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, if applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 68 

form of Exhibit I-2 or Exhibit I-3 , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) 
			 any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit Borrower or Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) 
			 if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent as may be necessary for Borrower and Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower and Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(h) 
			 Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.4 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.4 ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 69 

equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 3.4 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 3.4(h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.4(h) , in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 3.4(h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This Section 3.4(h) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(i) 
			 Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.4 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

Section 3.5 Compensation for Losses . Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to Administrative Agent) from time to time, Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: 

(a) 
			 any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); or 

(b) 
			 any failure by Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to lend any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by Borrower (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked by Borrower under the terms of this Agreement and is revoked in accordance herewith); or 

(c) 
			 any assignment of a Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by Borrower pursuant to Section 3.6(b) ; 

including any loss of anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Borrower shall pay such Lender the 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 70 

amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 

Section 3.6 Mitigation of Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . 

(a) 
			 Designation of a Different Lending Office . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.1 , or requires Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.4 , then such Lender shall (at the request of Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.1 or Section 3.4 , as the case may be, in the future, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

(b) 
			 Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.1 , or if Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.4 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Office in accordance with Section 3.6(a) , or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, then Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 12.8 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 3.1 or Section 3.4 and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that: 

(i) 
			 Borrower shall have paid to Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 12.8 ; 

(ii) 
			 such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the Outstanding Amount of its Loans, and Swingline Loans, L/C Advances and funded participations in Swingline Loans , accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.5 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 

(iii) 
			 in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.1 or payments required to be made pursuant to 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 71 

Section 3.4 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 

(iv) 
			 such assignment does not conflict with applicable Law; and 

(v) 
			 in the case of any assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 

A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

Section 3.7 Survival . All of Borrower s obligations under this Article 3 shall survive termination of the Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation of Administrative Agent. 

ARTICLE 4 

[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED.] 

ARTICLE 5 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

Section 5.1 Initial Extension of Credit . The obligation of Lenders to make the initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to the condition precedent that Administrative Agent shall have received all of the following, each dated (unless otherwise indicated or otherwise specified by Administrative Agent) the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent: 

(a) 
			 Credit Agreement . Executed counterparts of this Agreement, sufficient in number for distribution to Administrative Agent, each Lender and Borrower; 

(b) 
			 Resolutions . Resolutions of the Board of Directors (or other governing body) of Borrower and each other Obligated Party certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or a Responsible Officer or other custodian of records) of such Person which authorize the execution, delivery, and performance by such Person of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Person is or is to be a party; 

(c) 
			 Incumbency Certificate . A certificate of incumbency certified by a Responsible Officer of each Obligated Party certifying the names of the individuals or other Persons authorized to sign this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents to which Borrower and each other Obligated Party is or is to be a party (including the certificates contemplated herein) on behalf of such Person together with specimen signatures of such individual Persons; 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 72 

(d) 
			 Constituent Documents . The Constituent Documents and all amendments thereto for Borrower and each other Obligated Party that is not a natural person, with the formation documents of Borrower included in the Constituent Documents being certified as of a date acceptable to Administrative Agent by the appropriate government officials of the state of incorporation or organization of Borrower, and all such Constituent Documents being accompanied by certificates that such copies are complete and correct, given by an authorized representative acceptable to Administrative Agent; 

(e) 
			 Governmental Certificates . Certificates of the appropriate government officials of the state of incorporation or organization of Borrower and each other Obligated Party as to the existence and good standing of Borrower and each other Obligated Party, each dated within thirty (30) days prior to the date of the initial Credit Extension; 

(f) 
			 Notes . The Notes executed by Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting 

Notes; 

(g) 
			 Guaranty . The Guaranty executed by each Guarantor; 

(h) 
			 Insurance Matters . Copies of insurance certificates describing all insurance policies required by Section 7.5 ; 

(i) 
			 Borrowing Base Report . A Borrowing Base Report, dated as of March 31, 2021; 

(j) 
			 Compliance Certificate . A Compliance Certificate, demonstrating Borrower s financial condition as of March 31, 2021; 

(k) 
			 Opinions of Counsel . Favorable opinions of Greenberg Traurig, LLP, legal counsel to Borrower and Guarantors, as to such matters as Administrative Agent may reasonably request; 

(l) 
			 Attorneys Fees and Expenses . Evidence that the costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) referred to in Section 12.1 , to the extent invoiced, shall have been paid in full by Borrower; 

(m) 
			 KYC Information . Borrower and each of the other Obligated Parties shall have provided to Administrative Agent and the Lenders the documentation, Beneficial Ownership Certifications, and other information requested by Administrative Agent, or any Lender through Administrative Agent, as they deem necessary in order to comply with requirements of any anti-money laundering Laws, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act and any applicable know your customer rules and regulations; and 

(n) 
			 Closing Fees . Evidence that any other fees due on or before the Closing Date have been paid. 

For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions set forth in this Section 5.1 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 73 

accepted or be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or be acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 

Section 5.2 All Extensions of Credit . The obligation of Lenders to make any Credit Extension hereunder (including the initial Credit Extension) is subject to the following additional conditions precedent: 

(a) 
			 Request for Credit Extension . Administrative Agent shall have received in accordance with this Agreement, as the case may be, a Borrowing Request or Letter of Credit Application, as applicable, pursuant to Administrative Agent s requirements and executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower; 

(b) 
			 No Default . No Default shall have occurred and be continuing, or would result from or after giving effect to such Credit Extension; 

(c) 
			 No Material Adverse Event . No Material Adverse Event shall have 

occurred and no circumstance shall exist that could be a Material Adverse Event; 

(d) 
			 Representations and Warranties . All of the representations and warranties contained in Article 6 and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such Borrowing with the same force and effect as if such representations and warranties had been made on and as of such date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 5.2 , the representations and warranties contained in Section 6.2 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Section 7.1(a) and (b) , respectively; 

(e) 
			 Additional Documentation . Administrative Agent shall have received such additional approvals, opinions, or documents as Administrative Agent or its legal counsel may reasonably request; and 

(f) 
			 Availability under Credit Facility . With respect to any request for a Credit Extension under the Commitments, after giving effect to the Credit Extension so requested, the total Revolving Credit Exposure of the Lenders shall not exceed the lesser of (i) the Borrowing Base in effect as of the date of such Credit Extension and (ii) the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders in effect as of the date of such Credit Extension. 

Each Credit Extension hereunder shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by Borrower that the conditions specified in this Section 5.2 have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 74 

ARTICLE 6 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

To induce Administrative Agent and Lenders to enter into this Agreement, and to make Credit Extensions hereunder, Borrower represents and warrants to Administrative Agent and Lenders that: 

Section 6.1 Entity Existence . Each of Borrower and its Subsidiaries (a) is duly incorporated or organized, as the case may be, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization; (b) has all requisite power and authority to own its assets and carry on its business as now being or as proposed to be conducted; and (c) is qualified to do business in all jurisdictions in which the nature of its business makes such qualification necessary and where failure to so qualify could result in a Material Adverse Event. Each of Borrower and the other Obligated Parties has the power and authority to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is or may become a party. 

Section 6.2 Financial Statements; Etc . Borrower has delivered to Administrative Agent audited financial statements of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, and unaudited financial statements of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at and for the three (3) month period ended March 31, 2021. Such financial statements are true and correct in all material respects, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, and fairly and accurately present, on a consolidated basis, the financial condition of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the respective dates indicated therein and the results of operations for the respective periods indicated therein. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material contingent liabilities, liabilities for taxes, unusual forward or long-term commitments, unrealized or anticipated losses from any unfavorable commitments except as referred to or reflected in such financial statements. No Material Adverse Event has occurred since the effective date of the financial statements referred to in this Section 6.2 . All projections delivered by Borrower to Administrative Agent and Lenders have been prepared in good faith, with care and diligence and using assumptions that are reasonable under the circumstances at the time such projections were prepared and delivered to Administrative Agent and Lenders and all such assumptions are disclosed in the projections. Other than the Debt listed on Schedule 8.1 and Debt otherwise permitted by Section 8.1 , Borrower and each Subsidiary have no Debt. 

Section 6.3 Action; No Breach . The execution, delivery, and performance by each of Borrower and each other Obligated Party of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Person is or may become a party and compliance with the terms and provisions hereof and thereof have been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of such Person and do not and will not (a) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of, or require any consent under (i) the Constituent Documents of such Person, (ii) any applicable Law, rule, or regulation or any order, writ, injunction, or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator, or (iii) any agreement or instrument to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its Properties is bound or subject which could result in a Material Adverse Event, or (b) constitute a default under any such 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 75 

agreement or instrument which could result in a Material Adverse Event, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the revenues or assets of such Person. 

Section 6.4 Operation of Business . Each of Borrower and its Subsidiaries possesses all licenses, permits, consents, authorizations, franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade names, or rights thereto, necessary to conduct its respective businesses substantially as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted, and neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any valid rights of others with respect to any of the foregoing which could result in a Material Adverse Event. 

Section 6.5 Litigation and Judgments . Except as specifically disclosed in Schedule 6.5 as of the date hereof, there is no action, suit, investigation, or proceeding before or by any Governmental Authority or arbitrator pending, or to the knowledge of Borrower, threatened against or affecting Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Obligated Party that could, if adversely determined, result in a Material Adverse Event. There are no outstanding judgments against Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Obligated Party. 

Section 6.6 Rights in Properties; Liens . 

(a) 
			 Each of Borrower and its Subsidiaries has good and indefeasible title to or valid leasehold interests in its respective Properties, including the Properties reflected in the financial statements described in Section 6.2 , and none of the Properties of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any Lien, except Permitted Liens. 

(b) 
			 Schedule 6.6(b) sets forth a complete and accurate list of all real property owned by Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries as of March 31, 2021. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has good, indefeasible and insurable fee simple title to the real property owned by Borrower or such Subsidiary that is Borrowing Base Property, free and clear of all Liens, except Liens described in clauses (a) through (f) of the definition of Permitted Liens. 

Section 6.7 Enforceability . This Agreement constitutes, and the other Loan Documents to which Borrower or any other Obligated Party is a party, when delivered, shall constitute legal, valid, and binding obligations of such Person, enforceable against such Person in accordance with their respective terms, except as limited by Debtor Relief Laws. 

Section 6.8 Approvals . No authorization, approval, or consent of, and no filing or registration with, any Governmental Authority or third party is or will be necessary for the execution, delivery, or performance by Borrower or any other Obligated Party of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Person is or may become a party or the validity or enforceability thereof. 

Section 6.9 Taxes . Each of Borrower and its Subsidiaries has filed all tax returns (federal, state, and local) required to be filed, including all income, franchise, employment, Property, and sales tax returns, and has paid all of their respective liabilities for taxes, assessments, governmental charges, and other levies that are due and payable, other than taxes the payment of which is being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and reserves for the payment 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 76 

of which are being maintained in accordance with GAAP. Borrower knows of no pending investigation of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries by any taxing authority or of any pending but unassessed tax liability of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary thereof is party to any tax sharing agreement. 

Section 6.10 Use of Proceeds; Margin Securities . The proceeds of the Borrowings shall be used by Borrower for the construction of Houses, for the acquisition and development of Land, Entitled Land, LUD and Lots for the eventual construction of Houses thereon, and for working capital in the ordinary course of business. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulations T, U, or X of the Board of Governors), and no part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used directly or indirectly to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in or make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person, or in any other manner that will result in any violation by any Person (including any Lender, any Arranger or Administrative Agent) of any Anti-Terrorism Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws or any Sanctions. 

Section 6.11 ERISA . Each Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS with respect thereto and, to the knowledge of Borrower, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification. No application for a funding waiver or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Code has been made with respect to any Plan. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan. There has been no Prohibited Transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur. No Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability. No Multiemployer Plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. No Obligated Party or ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA). No Obligated Party or ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Section 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan. No Obligated Party or ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA. 

Section 6.12 Disclosure . No statement, information, report, representation, or warranty made by Borrower or any other Obligated Party in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document or furnished to Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements herein or therein not misleading. There is no fact known to Borrower which is a Material Adverse Event, or which might in the future be a Material Adverse Event that has not been disclosed in writing to Administrative Agent and each Lender. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 77 

Section 6.13 Subsidiaries . Borrower has no Real Estate Subsidiaries other than those listed on Schedule 6.13 (and, if subsequent to the Closing Date, such additional Real Estate Subsidiaries as have been formed or in compliance with Section 7.13 and Schedule 6.13 sets forth the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of each such Real Estate Subsidiary and the percentage of Borrower s ownership interest in such Real Estate Subsidiary. All of the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of each Real Estate Subsidiary described on Schedule 6.13 has been validly issued, is fully paid, and is nonassessable. There are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments (other than stock or similar options granted to employees or directors and directors qualifying shares) of any nature relating to any equity interests of Borrower or any Real Estate Subsidiary, except as disclosed on Schedule 6.13 . 

Section 6.14 Agreements . Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any indenture, loan, or credit agreement, or to any lease or other agreement or instrument, or subject to any charter or corporate or other organizational restriction, in each case which could result in a Material Adverse Event, except for the Bond Indenture. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default in any respect in the performance, observance, or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants, or conditions contained in the Bond Indenture, or any other agreement or instrument material to its business to which it is a party which could result in a Material Adverse Event. Borrower s execution of, and performance of its obligations under, this Agreement, will not result in a breach of the Bond Indenture. 

Section 6.15 Compliance with Laws . Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation in any material respect of any law, rule, regulation, order, or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator. 

Section 6.16 Inventory . All inventory of Borrower and its Subsidiaries has been and will hereafter be produced in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable Laws, rules, regulations, and governmental standards, including, without limitation, the minimum wage and overtime provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act (29 U.S.C. 201-219). 

Section 6.17 Regulated Entities . Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is (a) an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940 or (b) subject to regulation under any other federal or state statute, rule or regulation limiting its ability to incur Debt, pledge its assets or perform its obligations under the Loan Documents. No Obligated Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 

Section 6.18 Environmental Matters . 

(a) 
			 Each of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and all of its respective Properties, assets, and operations are in compliance with all Environmental Laws, in all material respects. Borrower is not aware of, nor has Borrower received notice of, any past, present, or future conditions, events, activities, practices, or incidents which may interfere with or prevent the compliance or continued compliance of Borrower and its Subsidiaries with all Environmental Laws; 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 78 

(b) 
			 Each of Borrower and its Subsidiaries has obtained all permits, licenses, and authorizations that are required under applicable Environmental Laws, and all such permits are in good standing and Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all of the terms and conditions of such permits; 

(c) 
			 No Hazardous Materials exist on, about, or within or have been used, generated, stored, transported, disposed of on, or Released from any of the Properties or assets of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (except for the use or storage of materials ordinarily used in the homebuilding business, in customary quantities, done in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws). The use which Borrower and its Subsidiaries make and intend to make of their respective Properties and assets will not result in the use, generation, storage, transportation, accumulation, disposal, or Release of any Hazardous Material on, in, or from any of their Properties or assets (except for the use or storage of materials ordinarily used in the homebuilding business, in customary quantities, done in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws); 

(d) 
			 Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective currently or previously owned or leased Properties or operations is subject to any outstanding or threatened order from or agreement with any Governmental Authority or other Person or subject to any judicial or docketed administrative proceeding with respect to (i) failure to comply with Environmental Laws, (ii) Remedial Action, or (iii) any Environmental Liabilities arising from a Release or threatened Release; 

(e) 
			 There are no conditions or circumstances associated with the currently or previously owned or leased Properties or operations of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to give rise to any Environmental Liabilities; 

(f) 
			 Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is a treatment, storage, or disposal facility requiring a permit under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq., regulations thereunder or any comparable provision of state law. Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable financial responsibility requirements of all Environmental Laws; 

(g) 
			 Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has filed or failed to file any notice required under applicable Environmental Law reporting a Release; and 

(h) 
			 No Lien arising under any Environmental Law has attached to any property or revenues of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Section 6.19 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions; Etc . 

(a) 
			 No Obligated Party, Subsidiary, Affiliate of any Obligated Party, any director, officer, or to the knowledge of Borrower, employee, agent, or Affiliate of an Obligated Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a Sanctioned Person. 

(b) 
			 The Obligated Parties, their Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of Borrower, their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, are in compliance with all 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 79 

applicable Sanctions and with the FCPA and any other applicable Anti-Corruption Law, in all material respects. Borrower and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve continued compliance with applicable Sanctions, the FCPA and any other applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. 

Section 6.20 Patriot Act . The Obligated Parties, each of their Subsidiaries, and each of their Affiliates are in compliance with (a) the Trading with the Enemy Act, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B Chapter V, as amended), and all other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, (b) the Patriot Act, and (c) all other federal or state Laws relating to know your customer (collectively, the Anti-Terrorism Laws ). 

Section 6.21 Insurance . The properties of Borrower and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of Borrower, in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary operates. 

Section 6.22 Solvency . Each of Borrower and each Obligated Party is Solvent and have not entered into any transaction with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud a creditor. 

Section 6.23 Businesses . The Borrower is presently engaged directly or through its Subsidiaries in the business of the development of Lots and the construction and sale of Houses. 

Section 6.24 Labor Matters. There are no labor controversies pending, or to the best knowledge of Borrower, threatened against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which could result in a Material Adverse Event. 

Section 6.25 Material Agreements. Schedule 6.25 sets forth a complete and correct list of all agreements in effect or to be in effect on the Closing Date and on the date of each update thereof required hereunder, to the extent that a default, breach, termination or other impairment thereof could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Event. 

Section 6.26 Intellectual Property. Borrower and Guarantors own, or are licensed to use, all Intellectual Property necessary to conduct their business as currently conducted. 

Section 6.27 Hedge Agreements. Neither Borrower nor any Guarantor is a party to a Hedge Agreement 

Section 6.28 Beneficial Ownership Certification. As of the Closing Date, the information in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided by Borrower is true and correct in all respects. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 80 

ARTICLE 7 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Borrower covenants and agrees that, as long as the Obligations or any part thereof are outstanding or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding or any Lender has any Commitment hereunder: 

Section 7.1 Reporting Requirements . Borrower will furnish to Administrative Agent (with copies for each Lender): 

(a) 
			 Borrower Annual Financial Statements . As soon as available, and in any event within ninety (90) days after the last day of each fiscal year of Borrower, beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, a copy of the annual audit report of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year containing, on a consolidated basis, balance sheets and statements of income, retained earnings, and cash flow as of the end of such fiscal year and for the twelve (12)-month period then ended, in each case setting forth in comparative form the figures for the preceding fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and audited and certified by independent certified public accountants of recognized standing reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent, to the effect that such report has been prepared in accordance with GAAP and containing no material qualifications or limitations on scope; 

(b) 
			 Borrower Quarterly Financial Statements . As soon as available, and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the last day of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Borrower (beginning with the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2021), a copy of an unaudited financial report of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the fiscal year then ended, containing, on a consolidated and consolidating basis, balance sheets and statements of income, retained earnings, and cash flow, in each case setting forth in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period of the preceding fiscal year, all in reasonable detail certified by a Responsible Officer of Borrower to have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and to fairly and accurately present (subject to year-end audit adjustments) the financial condition and results of operations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated and consolidating basis, as of the dates and for the periods indicated therein; 

(c) 
			 Borrowing Base Report . As soon as available, and in any event within thirty (30) days after the last day of each calendar month, a Borrowing Base Report; 

(d) 
			 Compliance Certificate . As soon as available, and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the last day of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Borrower (beginning with the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2021), and again within ninety (90) days after the last day of each fiscal year of Borrower, a Compliance Certificate (i) stating that to the best of the knowledge of the Responsible Officer executing same, no Default has occurred and is continuing, or if a Default has occurred and is continuing, a statement as to the nature thereof and the action which is proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) showing in reasonable detail the calculations demonstrating compliance with 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 81 

the covenants set forth in Article 9 and (iii) containing such other certifications set forth therein. For any financial statements delivered electronically by a Responsible Officer in satisfaction of the reporting requirements set forth in clause (a) or (b) preceding that are not accompanied by the required Compliance Certificate, that Responsible Officer shall nevertheless be deemed to have certified the factual matters described in this clause (d) with respect to such financial statements; however, such deemed certificate shall not excuse or be construed as a waiver of Borrower's obligation to deliver the required Compliance Certificate; 

(e) 
			 Projections . As soon as available, but in any event no more than sixty (60) days after the beginning of each fiscal year of Borrower, forecasts prepared by management of Borrower, in form reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent, of consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a quarterly basis for such fiscal year; 

(f) 
			 Management Letters . Promptly upon receipt thereof, a copy of any management letter or written report submitted to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries by independent certified public accountants with respect to the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, prospects, or Properties of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(g) 
			 Notice of Litigation . Promptly after the commencement thereof, notice of all actions, suits, and proceedings before any Governmental Authority or arbitrator affecting Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which, if determined adversely to Borrower or such Subsidiary, could be a Material Adverse Event; 

(h) 
			 Notice of Default . As soon as possible and in any event within five days after the occurrence of any Default, a written notice setting forth the details of such Default and the action that Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto; 

(i) 
			 ERISA Reports . Promptly after the filing or receipt thereof, copies of all reports, including annual reports, and notices which any Borrower or ERISA Affiliate files with or receives from the PBGC, the IRS, or the U.S. Department of Labor under ERISA; as soon as possible and in any event within five days after Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate knows or has reason to know that any ERISA Event or Prohibited Transaction has occurred with respect to any Plan, a certificate of the chief financial officer of Borrower setting forth the details as to such ERISA Event or Prohibited Transaction and the action that Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto; annually, copies of the notice described in Section 101(f) of ERISA that Borrower or ERISA Affiliate receives with respect to a Plan or Multiemployer Plan; 

(j) 
			 Reports to Other Creditors . Promptly after Administrative Agent s request therefor, copies of any statement or report furnished to any other party pursuant to the terms of any indenture, loan, or credit or similar agreement and not otherwise required to be furnished to Administrative Agent pursuant to any other clause of this Section 7.1 ; 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 82 

(k) 
			 Notice of Material Adverse Event . As soon as possible and in any event within five (5) Business Days after the occurrence thereof, written notice of any event or circumstance that could result in a Material Adverse Event; 

(l) 
			 Inventory and Sales Status Report . As soon as available, and in any event forty-five (45) days after the last day of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year of Borrower, an Inventory and Sales Status Report, in such form and detail as Administrative Agent shall reasonably require, certified by the chief financial officer of Borrower; 

(m) 
			 SEC Investigations . Promptly after receipt thereof by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(n) 
			 Notice of Certain Changes . Promptly, (i) notice of any material change in the business conducted by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) notice of any material change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification of Borrower, and (iii) copies of any amendment, restatement, supplement or other modification to any of the Constituent Documents of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; and 

(o) 
			 Know Your Customer Information . Promptly, such other information concerning Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Obligated Party as Administrative Agent, or any Lender through Administrative Agent, may from time to time reasonably request in order for it to (i) comply with any applicable federal or state Laws or regulations (including, but not limited to, information about the ownership and management of Borrower or any other Obligated Party), (ii) confirm compliance by Borrower or any other Obligated Party with all Anti-Terrorism Laws, and (iii) confirm that neither Borrower nor any other Obligated Party (nor any Person owning any interest of any nature whatsoever in Borrower or any other Obligated Party) is a Sanctioned Person, including, without limitation, updated Beneficial Ownership Certifications. 

(p) 
			 General Information . Promptly, such other information concerning Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Obligated Party as Administrative Agent, or any Lender through Administrative Agent, may from time to time reasonably request. 

All representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Documents with respect to any financial information concerning Borrower or any Guarantor shall apply to all financial information delivered to Administrative Agent by Borrower, such Guarantor, or any Person purporting to be a Responsible Officer of Borrower or such Guarantor or other representative of Borrower or such Guarantor regardless of the method of such transmission to Administrative Agent or whether or not signed by Borrower, such Guarantor, or such Responsible Officer or other representative, as applicable. 

Section 7.2 Maintenance of Existence; Conduct of Business . Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, preserve and maintain its existence and all of its leases, privileges, licenses, permits, franchises, qualifications, and rights that are necessary or desirable in 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 83 

the ordinary conduct of its business, except to the extent a failure to so preserve and maintain could not result in a Material Adverse Event. Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, conduct its business in an orderly and efficient manner in accordance with good business practices. 

Section 7.3 Maintenance of Properties . Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain, keep, and preserve all of its Properties (tangible and intangible) necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition. 

Section 7.4 Taxes and Claims . Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay or discharge at or before maturity or before becoming delinquent (a) all taxes, levies, assessments, and governmental charges imposed on it or its income or profits or any of its Property, and (b) all lawful claims for labor, material, and supplies, which, if unpaid, might become a Lien upon any of its Property; provided , however , that neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to pay or discharge any tax, levy, assessment, or governmental charge which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently pursued, and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established. 

Section 7.5 Insurance . 

(a) 
			 Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies in such amounts and covering such risks as is usually carried by corporations engaged in similar businesses and owning similar Properties in the same general areas in which Borrower and its Subsidiaries operate, provided that in any event Borrower will maintain and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain workmen s compensation insurance, property insurance, comprehensive general liability insurance, reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. 

(b) 
			 If at any time any House included in the Borrowing Base Property is or has become located in an area designated as a flood hazard area under applicable Flood Insurance Regulations, Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) provide Administrative Agent with a description of such House, including the address and legal description thereof and such other information as may be requested by Administrative Agent to obtain a flood determination or otherwise satisfy its obligations under applicable Flood Insurance Regulations, (ii) obtain flood insurance in such amounts as required by applicable Flood Insurance Regulations and (iii) provide evidence in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent of such flood insurance to Administrative Agent. 

Section 7.6 Inspection Rights . At any reasonable time and from time to time, upon reasonable prior written notice, Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) permit representatives of Administrative Agent or any Lender to examine, inspect, review, evaluate and make physical verifications and appraisals of the Borrowing Base Property in any manner and through any medium that Administrative Agent or such Lender considers advisable, (b) to examine, copy, and make extracts from its books and records, (c) to visit and inspect its Properties, and (d) to discuss its business, operations, and financial condition with its officers, employees, and independent certified public accountants, in each instance, at Borrower s expense. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 84 

Section 7.7 Keeping Books and Records . Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain proper books of record and account in which full, true, and correct entries in conformity with GAAP shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. 

Section 7.8 Compliance with Laws . Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with all applicable Laws (including, without limitation, all Anti-Terrorism Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions) and decrees of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator. 

Section 7.9 Compliance with Agreements . Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with all agreements, contracts, and instruments binding on it or affecting its Properties or business, except to the extent a failure to so comply could not result in a Material Adverse Event. 

Section 7.10 Further Assurances . Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and each other Obligated Party to, execute and deliver such further agreements and instruments and take such further action as may be reasonably requested by Administrative Agent or any Lender to carry out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Section 7.11 ERISA . Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all minimum funding requirements, and all other material requirements, of ERISA, if applicable, so as not to give rise to any liability thereunder. 

Section 7.12 Depository Relationship . Borrower shall maintain deposit accounts at Texas Capital Bank. 

Section 7.13 Additional Guarantors . Borrower shall notify Administrative Agent at the time that any Person becomes a Real Estate Subsidiary, and within ten (10) Business Days after such Person becomes a Real Estate Subsidiary, cause such Person to (a) become a Guarantor by executing and delivering to Administrative Agent a Guaranty, and (b) deliver to Administrative Agent such other documents and instruments as Administrative Agent may require, including appropriate favorable opinions of counsel to such Person in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. 

Section 7.14 Lien Claims . If a Lien claim or affidavit from a contractor or supplier is recorded or is served upon Borrower which affects the Borrowing Base Property, Borrower shall, on or before forty-five (45) days after such recording or service, take one of the following courses of action: (a) pay and discharge the same; (b) effect the release thereof by recording and delivering to Administrative Agent a surety bond that complies with the applicable Laws of the State where the affected Borrowing Base Property is located, and that is in form, amount and issued by a surety acceptable to Administrative Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion; (c) provide Administrative Agent with other assurance which Administrative Agent deems, in its sole discretion, to be satisfactory for the payment of such Lien claim or affidavit and for the full and continuous protection of Administrative Agent from the effect of such Lien claim or affidavit; or (d) contest such claim, with diligence, in good faith and as required by applicable Laws, in a manner which 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 85 

will have the effect of releasing or bonding such claim. In the case of a Lien contest pursuant to clause (d) above, the Maximum Credit Amount of the Borrowing Base Property affected by such claim may be reduced by an amount equal to one hundred fifty percent (150 of the amount of such claim. 

Section 7.15 Construction Responsibilities . Borrower shall construct or cause the construction of the Houses, LUD and Lots in a workmanlike manner. The construction of the Houses, LUD and Lots shall be in compliance with all applicable Governmental Requirements. Borrower shall be solely responsible for all aspects of Borrower s business in connection with the construction of Houses, LUD and Lots, including, without limitation, for the quality and suitability of the plans and specifications and their compliance with all Governmental Requirements, the supervision of the work of construction, the qualifications, financial condition and performance of all architects, engineers, contractors, material suppliers and consultants, and the accuracy of all Borrowing Base Reports, Borrowing Requests and the proper application of all Borrowings. Administrative Agent is not obligated to supervise, inspect or inform Borrower or any third party of any aspect of the construction of the Houses, LUD or Lots, or any other matter referred to above. 

Section 7.16 Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws . Borrower will maintain in effect policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by Borrower, its Subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents with applicable Sanctions and with the FCPA and any other applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. 

ARTICLE 8 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Borrower covenants and agrees that, as long as the Obligations or any part thereof are outstanding or any Letter of Credit outstanding or any Lender has any Commitment hereunder: 

Section 8.1 Debt . Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, incur, create, assume, or permit to exist any Debt, except: 

(a) 
			 The Obligations under the Loan Documents and Obligations existing or arising under Bank Product Agreements; 

(b) 
			 The Bond Indenture; 

(c) 
			 Existing Debt described on Schedule 8.1 ; 

(d) 
			 Purchase money Debt on personal property, and Capitalized Lease 

Obligations not to exceed 100,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; 

(e) 
			 any Mortgage Repurchase Facility Debt; 

(f) 
			 Profit and Participation Agreements; and 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 86 

(g) 
			 Other Debt, to the extent such Debt would not result in a breach of any of the financial covenants set forth in Article 9 . 

Section 8.2 Limitation on Liens . Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, incur, create, assume, or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its Property, assets, or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except: 

(a) 
			 Liens in favor of Lenders or Administrative Agent for the benefit of Lenders; 

(b) 
			 Encumbrances consisting of minor easements, zoning restrictions, or other restrictions on the use of real property that do not (individually or in the aggregate) materially affect the value of the assets encumbered thereby or materially impair the ability of Borrower or its Subsidiaries to use such assets in their respective businesses, and none of which is violated in any material respect by existing or proposed structures or land use; 

(c) 
			 Liens for taxes, assessments, or other governmental charges which are not delinquent or which are being contested in good faith and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established; 

(d) 
			 Liens of mechanics, materialmen, warehousemen, carriers, or other similar statutory Liens securing obligations that are not yet due and are incurred in the ordinary course of business, or are being dealt with by Borrower in accordance with Section 7.14 ; 

(e) 
			 Liens resulting from good faith deposits to secure payments of workmen s compensation or other social security programs (other than Liens imposed by ERISA) or to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, bids, contracts (other than for payment of Debt), or leases made in the ordinary course of business; 

(f) 
			 Purchase money Liens on specific personal property (not real property) to secure Debt used to acquire such personal property, and Liens securing Capitalized Lease 

Obligations with respect to specific leased property; 

(g) 
			 Liens securing Profit and Participation Agreements; 

(h) 
			 Liens securing any Mortgage Repurchase Facility Debt; 

(i) 
			 Permitted Acquisition Liens; and 

(j) 
			 Liens securing other Debt, provided that (A) such Liens do not encumber Borrowing Base Property, (B) such Debt is not guaranteed by Borrower or any of Borrower s Subsidiaries, and (C) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all such Debt does not exceed 15 of Borrower s Tangible Net Worth at any time; provided, that, in the event that (i) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall incur any Lien that is permitted to be incurred under this clause (j) and (ii) subsequent to the date of the incurrence of such Lien, such Lien shall cease to be permitted hereunder as a result of a 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 87 

subsequent decrease in Borrower s Tangible Net Worth, then the continued existence of such Lien following such decrease in Borrower s Tangible Net Worth shall not constitute a breach or violation of this clause (j) , but the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not be entitled to incur any additional Liens under this clause (j) until such time as such new Liens would be permitted to be incurred pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this clause (j) . 

Section 8.3 Mergers, Etc . Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, become a party to a merger or consolidation, or purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any Person or any shares or other evidence of beneficial ownership of any Person, or wind-up, dissolve, or liquidate, except that (i) any Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with Borrower so long as Borrower is the surviving entity (ii) any Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with another Subsidiary so long as if a Subsidiary that is a Guarantor is involved in such merger or consolidation, such Guarantor is the surviving entity, and (iii) Permitted Acquisitions will be allowed. 

Section 8.4 Restricted Payments . Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, declare or pay any dividends or make any other payment or distribution (in cash, Property, or obligations) on account of its equity interests, or redeem, purchase, retire, call, or otherwise acquire any of its equity interests, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to purchase or otherwise acquire any equity interest of Borrower or another Subsidiary of Borrower, or set apart any money for a sinking or other analogous fund for any dividend or other distribution on its equity interests or for any redemption, purchase, retirement, or other acquisition of any of its equity interests, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do any of the foregoing, to the extent such transaction would result in a breach of any of the financial covenants set forth in Article 9 . 

Section 8.5 Loans and Investments . Borrower shall not make, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make, hold or maintain, any advance, loan, extension of credit, or capital contribution to or investment in, or purchase any stock, bonds, notes, debentures, or other securities of, any Person, except: 

(a) 
			 Existing investments described on Schedule 8.5 ; 

(b) 
			 Readily marketable direct obligations of the United States of America or any agency thereof with maturities of one (1) year or less from the date of acquisition; 

(c) 
			 Fully insured certificates of deposit with maturities of one (1) year or less from the date of acquisition issued by either (i) any commercial bank operating in the United States of America having capital and surplus in excess of 50,000,000.00 or (ii) any Lender; 

(d) 
			 Commercial paper of a domestic issuer if at the time of purchase such paper is rated in one (1) of the two (2) highest rating categories of Standard and Poor s Corporation or Moody s Investors Service; 

(e) 
			 Permitted Acquisitions; 

(f) 
			 Investments in Subsidiaries that are Guarantors; 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 88 

(g) 
			 Advances or extensions of credit in the form of accounts receivable incurred in the ordinary course of business and upon terms common in the industry for such accounts receivable which are not more than sixty (60) days past due; 

(h) 
			 Advances to employees for the payment of expenses in the ordinary course of business; and 

(i) 
			 Investments in Subsidiaries that are engaged primarily in the residential mortgage lending business or the residential title insurance business; provided that the amount of such investment made pursuant to this clause (i) , together with all other investments then outstanding and made under this clause (i) does not exceed 20.0 of Borrower s consolidated Tangible Net Worth determined at the time of such investment (with each investment being valued as of the date made, without regard to subsequent changes in value). 

Section 8.6 Limitation on Issuance of Equity . Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, issue, sell, assign, or otherwise dispose of (a) any of its stock or other equity interests, (b) any securities exchangeable for or convertible into or carrying any rights to acquire any of its stock or other equity interests, or (c) any option, warrant, or other right to acquire any of its stock or other equity interests, to the extent such transaction would result in a breach of any of the financial covenants set forth in Article 9 . 

Section 8.7 Transactions With Affiliates . Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into any transaction, including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, or exchange of property, the rendering of any service or the payment of any management, advisory or similar fees, with any Affiliate of Borrower or such Subsidiary, except in the ordinary course of and pursuant to the reasonable requirements of Borrower s or such Subsidiary s business, pursuant to a transaction which is otherwise expressly permitted under this Agreement, and upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to Borrower or such Subsidiary than would be obtained in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate of Borrower or such Subsidiary. 

Section 8.8 Disposition of Assets . Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly make any Disposition, except (a) Dispositions of Houses, Land, Entitled Land, LUD or Lots in the ordinary course of business, or (b) Dispositions, for fair value, of worn-out and obsolete equipment not necessary or useful to the conduct of business, (c) Dispositions of golf courses, or (d) Dispositions of Houses, Land, Entitled Land, LUD or Lots to another Subsidiary. 

Section 8.9 Sale and Leaseback . Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into any arrangement with any Person pursuant to which it leases from such Person real or personal property that has been or is to be sold or transferred, directly or indirectly, by it to such Person, except for the sale and leaseback of Model Houses in the ordinary course of business. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 89 

Section 8.10 Prepayment of Debt . Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make any optional or voluntary payment, prepayment, repurchase or redemption of any Debt, except the Obligations under the Loan Documents. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, such payment of Debt may be permitted so long as (a) no Default or Event of Default exists, (b) such payment does not, or is not reasonably expected to, result in a Material Adverse Event, and (c) the Obligations are simultaneously paid in a percentage that is equal to the percentage of the other Debt that is being paid. 

Section 8.11 Nature of Business . Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any business other than (a) the businesses of homebuilding, Land acquisition or Land development, or a business reasonably related thereto, or (b) the businesses of residential mortgage lending or residential title insurance. Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any material change in its credit collection policies if such change would materially impair the collectability of any Account, nor will it rescind, cancel or modify any Account except in the ordinary course of business. 

Section 8.12 Environmental Protection . Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly (a) use (or permit any tenant to use) any of their respective Properties or assets for the handling, processing, storage, transportation, or disposal of any Hazardous Material, (b) generate any Hazardous Material, (c) conduct any activity that is likely to cause a Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material, or (d) otherwise conduct any activity or use any of their respective Properties or assets in any manner that is likely to violate any Environmental Law or create any Environmental Liabilities for which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries would be responsible. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower and its Subsidiaries may use and store Hazardous Materials in the ordinary course of Borrower s homebuilding business, in customary quantities, in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws. 

Section 8.13 Accounting . Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, change its fiscal year or make any change (a) in accounting treatment or reporting practices, except as required by GAAP and disclosed to Administrative Agent and Lenders, or (b) in tax reporting treatment, except as required by law and disclosed to Administrative Agent and Lenders. 

Section 8.14 Burdensome Agreements . Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries or any Obligated Party to, enter into or permit to exist any arrangement or agreement, other than pursuant to this Agreement or any Loan Document, which (a) except for the Bond Indenture, directly or indirectly prohibits Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any Obligated Party from creating or incurring a Lien on any of its Property, revenues, or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, (b) directly or indirectly prohibits any of its Subsidiaries, or any Obligated Party to make any payments, directly or indirectly, to Borrower by way of dividends, distributions, advances, repayments of loans, repayments of expenses, accruals, or otherwise or (c) in any way would be contravened by such Person s performance of its obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. 

Section 8.15 Subsidiaries . Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, form or acquire any Real Estate Subsidiary unless Borrower complies with the requirements of Section 7.13 . 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 90 

Section 8.16 Amendments of Constituent Documents . Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, amend or restate any of their respective Constituent Documents in any material respect. 

Section 8.17 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions; Anti-Terrorism Laws . Each Obligated Party will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or Letters of Credit, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of the FCPA or any other applicable Anti-Corruption Law, or (ii) (A) to fund, finance or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (B) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the Loans or Letters of Credit, whether as Administrative Agent, Arranger, Lender, underwriter, advisor, investor, or otherwise). 

ARTICLE 9 

FINANCIAL COVENANTS 

Borrower covenants and agrees that, as long as the Obligations or any part thereof are outstanding or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding or any Lender has any Commitment hereunder: 

Section 9.1 Leverage Ratio . Borrower shall not permit, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the Leverage Ratio to be greater than 1.50 to 1.0. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the maximum permitted Leverage Ratio is subject to automatic adjustment as follows: 

(a) 
			 Following the occurrence of a Triggering Event, Borrower shall not permit, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the Leverage Ratio to be greater than 1.75 to 1.0; 

(b) 
			 Following the commencement of the fourth full fiscal quarter after the Triggering Event, Borrower shall not permit, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the Leverage Ratio to be greater than 1.60 to 1.0; 

(c) 
			 Following the commencement of the sixth full fiscal quarter after the Triggering Event, Borrower shall not permit, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the Leverage Ratio to be greater than 1.50 to 1.0; and 

(d) 
			 A Triggering Event occurred on August 4, 2017, temporarily increasing the maximum permitted Leverage Ratio to 1.75 to 1.0. 

Section 9.2 Interest Coverage Ratio . Borrower shall not permit, for any four fiscal quarter period, the ratio of (a) EBITDA, to (b) Cash Interest Expense, in each case for Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, for such four fiscal quarter period, to be less than 1.50 to 1.0. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 91 

Section 9.3 Tangible Net Worth . Borrower shall not permit, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, Tangible Net Worth for Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to be less than the sum of (a) 858,000,000, plus (b) 50 of the net proceeds of any issuances of stock or other equity interests of any Obligated Party (other than to another Obligated Party) after September 30, 2021, plus (c) 50 of the amount of quarterly net income of Borrower and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis (but without deduction for any net loss), after September 30, 2021. 

Section 9.4 Liquidity . Borrower shall not permit, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, Liquidity for Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to be less than 40,000,000. 

Section 9.5 Risk Asset Ratio . Borrower shall not permit, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the Risk Asset Ratio to be greater than 1.50 to 1.0. 

ARTICLE 10 

DEFAULT 

Section 10.1 Events of Default . Each of the following shall be deemed an Event of Default : 

(a) 
			 Borrower shall fail to pay (i) the principal amount of any Borrowing when due or declared due; (ii) the interest on the principal amount of any Borrowing when due, and such failure continues for five (5) days; or (iii) any other Obligations under the Loan Documents within ten (10) days after Administrative Agent notifies Borrower that such Obligation is due; 

(b) 
			 Borrower shall fail to provide to Administrative Agent and Lenders timely any notice of Default as required by Section 7.1(h) of this Agreement or Borrower shall breach any provision of Sections 7.2 , 7.5 , 7.6 , 7.13 or Article 8 of this Agreement; 

(c) 
			 Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by Borrower or any other Obligated Party (or any of their respective officers) in any Loan Document or in any certificate, report, notice, or financial statement furnished at any time in connection with this Agreement shall be false, misleading, or erroneous in any material respect (without duplication of any materiality qualifier contained therein) when made or deemed to have been made; 

(d) 
			 Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Obligated Party shall fail to perform, observe, or comply with any covenant, agreement, or term contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than as covered by Sections 10.1(a), (b) and (q) ), and such failure continues for more than thirty (30) days following the date such failure first began; 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 92 

(e) 
			 Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Obligated Party shall commence a voluntary proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization, or other relief with respect to itself or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency, or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian, or other similar official of it or a substantial part of its Property or shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or shall generally fail to pay its debts as they become due or shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the foregoing; 

(f) 
			 An involuntary proceeding shall be commenced against Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Obligated Party seeking liquidation, reorganization, or other relief with respect to it or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency, or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian, or other similar official for it or a substantial part of its Property, and such involuntary proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days; 

(g) 
			 Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Obligated Party shall be in default under the Bond Indenture, after the expiration of any applicable grace period; 

(h) 
			 Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Obligated Party shall fail to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any principal of or interest on any Debt (other than the Obligations under the Loan Documents) in the amount of 10,000,000 or more, or the maturity of any such Debt shall have been accelerated, or any such Debt shall have been required to be prepaid, repurchased, defeased or redeemed prior to the stated maturity thereof or any cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded, or any event shall have occurred that permits (or, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would permit) any holder or holders of such Debt or any Person acting on behalf of such holder or holders to accelerate the maturity thereof or require any such prepayment, repurchase, defeasance or redemption or any cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded; 

(i) 
			 This Agreement or any other Loan Document shall cease to be in full force and effect or shall be declared null and void or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested or challenged by Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, any other Obligated Party or any of their respective equity holders, or Borrower or any other Obligated Party shall deny that it has any further liability or obligation under any of the Loan Documents; 

(j) 
			 Any of the following events shall occur or exist with respect to Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate: (i) any ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or (ii) any Prohibited Transaction involving any Plan; and in each case above, such event or condition, together with all other events or conditions, if any, have subjected or could in the reasonable opinion of Administrative Agent subject Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to any tax, penalty, or other liability to a Plan, a Multiemployer Plan, the PBGC, the IRS, the U. S. Department of Labor, or otherwise (or any combination thereof) which 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 93 

in the aggregate exceed or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Event; 

(k) 
			 A Change of Control shall occur; 

(l) 
			 Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Obligated Party, or any of their Properties, revenues, or assets, shall become subject to an order of forfeiture, seizure, or divestiture (whether under RICO or otherwise) in respect of a material asset and the same shall not have been discharged within 30 days from the date of entry thereof; 

(m) 
			 Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Obligated Party shall fail to discharge within a period of forty-five (45) days after the commencement thereof any attachment, sequestration, or similar proceeding or proceedings involving an aggregate amount in excess of 10,000,000 against any of its assets or Properties; 

(n) 
			 A final judgment or judgments for the payment of money in excess of 10,000,000 in the aggregate shall be rendered by a court or courts against Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Obligated Party and the same shall not be discharged (or provision shall not be made for such discharge), or a stay of execution thereof shall not be procured, within forty-five (45) days from the date of entry thereof and Borrower, such Subsidiary, or such Obligated Party shall not, within such period of forty-five (45) days, or such longer period during which execution of the same shall have been stayed, appeal therefrom and cause the execution thereof to be stayed during such appeal; 

(o) 
			 Borrower without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent, creates, places or permits to be created or placed, or through any act or failure to act, acquiesces in the placing of, or allows to remain, any mortgage, pledge, Lien (statutory, constitutional or contractual), security interest, exception, encumbrance or charge, or conditional sale or other title retention agreement, with respect to the Borrowing Base Property, except Liens described in clauses (a) through (f) of the definition of Permitted Liens; provided, however, that if such further encumbrance is a mechanic s lien, then the provisions of Section 7.14 shall control; 

(p) 
			 The holder of any Lien or security interest on all or any portion of the Borrowing Base Property (without hereby implying Administrative Agent s consent to the existence, placing, creating or permitting of any such lien or security interest) institutes foreclosure or other proceedings for the enforcement of its remedies thereunder; or 

(q) 
			 Borrower shall breach any provision of Article 9 of this Agreement, and such breach remains uncured for more than fifteen (15) days. 

Section 10.2 Remedies Upon Default . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, then Administrative Agent may, with the consent of Required Lenders, or shall, at the direction of Required Lenders, without notice do any or all of the following: (a) terminate the Commitments of Lenders (except for funding obligations of outstanding Letters of Credit), (b) terminate the obligations of L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions, (c) require that Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 94 

with respect thereto), or (d) declare the Obligations under the Loan Documents or any part thereof to be immediately due and payable, and the same shall thereupon become immediately due and payable, without notice, demand, presentment, notice of dishonor, notice of acceleration, notice of intent to accelerate, notice of intent to demand, protest, or other formalities of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by Borrower; provided , however , that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Section 10.1(e) or (f) , the Commitments of Lenders shall automatically terminate (except for funding obligations of outstanding Letters of Credit), the obligations of L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the obligation of Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, and the Obligations under the Loan Documents shall become immediately due and payable, in each case without notice, demand, presentment, notice of dishonor, notice of acceleration, notice of intent to accelerate, notice of intent to demand, protest, or other formalities of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by Borrower. In addition to the foregoing, if any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, Administrative Agent may, with the consent of Required Lenders, or shall, at the direction of Required Lenders, exercise all rights and remedies available to it, Lenders and L/C Issuer in law or in equity, under the Loan Documents, or otherwise. 

Section 10.3 Application of Funds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 10.2 (or if an Event of Default exists and the written notice thereof, if any, to Borrower from Administrative Agent expressly provides that this Section 10.3 shall thereafter apply to any amounts received on account of the Obligations or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by Administrative Agent in the following order: 

First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to Administrative Agent) payable to Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 

Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest) payable to Lenders and L/C Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and L/C Issuer) arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; 

Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid and interest on the Loans, L/C Borrowings and other Obligations arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among Lenders and L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; 

Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings and constituting unpaid Bank Product Obligations, ratably among Lenders and Bank Product Providers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 95 

Fifth , to Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.2 and 2.7 ; 

Sixth , to payment of that remaining portion of the Obligations, ratably among the Lenders and Bank Product Providers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Sixth held by them; and 

Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to Borrower or as otherwise required by law. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bank Product Obligations shall be excluded from the application described above if Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with supporting documentation as Administrative Agent may request from the applicable Bank Product Provider, provided that no such notice shall be required for any Bank Product Agreement for which Administrative Agent or any Affiliate of Administrative Agent is the applicable Bank Product Provider. Each Bank Product Provider that is not a party to this Agreement that has given notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article 11 hereof for itself and its Affiliates as if a Lender party hereto. 

Section 10.4 Performance by Administrative Agent . If Borrower shall fail to perform any covenant or agreement contained in any of the Loan Documents, then Administrative Agent may perform or attempt to perform such covenant or agreement on behalf of Borrower. In such event, Borrower shall, at the request of Administrative Agent, promptly pay to Administrative Agent any amount expended by Administrative Agent in connection with such performance or attempted performance, together with interest thereon at the Default Interest Rate from and including the date of such expenditure to but excluding the date such expenditure is paid in full. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is expressly agreed that Administrative Agent shall not have any liability or responsibility for the performance of any covenant, agreement, or other obligation of Borrower under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

Section 10.5 Setoff . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Guaranty or the other Loan Documents, Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, the Lenders and the Participants hereby waive any contractual, statutory or common law right to set off and apply against the Obligations under the Loan Documents, any deposits of Borrower or any Guarantor, held by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, the Lenders or the Participants. The foregoing waiver does not alter or affect any setoff rights of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, the Lenders or the Participants with regard to obligations, indebtedness or liabilities of Borrower or any Guarantor, arising outside of the Loan Documents. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 96 

ARTICLE 11 

AGENCY 

Section 11.1 Appointment and Authority . Each of the Lenders and L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Texas Capital Bank to act on its behalf as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article 11 are solely for the benefit of Administrative Agent, Lenders and L/C Issuer, and neither Borrower nor any other Obligated Party shall have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. Administrative Agent shall administer the Credit Facility in the same manner as it administers similar extensions of credit held for its own account. 

Section 11.2 Rights as a Lender . The Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not Administrative Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and generally engage in any kind of business with, Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to Lenders. 

Section 11.3 Exculpatory Provisions . 

(a) 
			 Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Administrative Agent: 

(i) 
			 shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(ii) 
			 shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents); provided that Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or upon the advice of its counsel, may expose Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 97 

applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; 

(iii) 
			 shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity; 

(iv) 
			 shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document unless it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by Lenders pro rata against any and all liability, cost and expense that it may incur by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action; and 

(v) 
			 does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of Term SOFR , Adjusted Term SOFR , BSBY Rate or with respect to any Benchmark Replacement or other rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate. 

(b) 
			 Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of Lenders as shall be necessary, or as Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.2 and 11.9 ), or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE LIABILITY ARISES FROM THE SOLE, CONCURRENT, CONTRIBUTORY OR COMPARATIVE NEGLIGENCE OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to Administrative Agent in writing by Borrower, a Lender or L/C Issuer, or Administrative Agent otherwise receives manifest written evidence of such Default. 

(c) 
			 Neither Administrative Agent nor any Related Party thereof shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article 5 or elsewhere herein, 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 98 

other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to Administrative Agent. 

Section 11.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent . Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Credit Extension, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or L/C Issuer, Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or L/C Issuer unless Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Credit Extension. Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

Section 11.5 Delegation of Duties . Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub agents appointed by Administrative Agent. Administrative Agent and any such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article 11 shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Related Parties of Administrative Agent and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the Credit Facility as well as activities as Administrative Agent. Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub agents. 

Section 11.6 Resignation or Removal of Administrative Agent . 

(a) 
			 Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to Lenders, L/C Issuer and Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of Borrower (so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, to appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of Borrower, Lenders and L/C Issuer, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that in no event shall any successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. After the Resignation Effective Date, the provisions of this 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 99 

Article 11 relating to or indemnifying or releasing Administrative Agent shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

(b) 
			 If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, by notice in writing to Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, with the consent of Borrower, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 

(c) 
			 With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (i) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and (ii) except for any indemnity, fee or expense payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender or L/C Issuer, as applicable, directly, until such time, if any, as Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article 11 , Section 12.1 , and Section 12.2 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 

(d) 
			 Any resignation by Texas Capital Bank as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as L/C Issuer and Swingline Lender , unless the notice thereof otherwise provides. If Texas Capital Bank resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require Lenders to make Revolving Credit Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.2(c) . If Texas Capital Bank resigns as a Swingline Lender, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of a Swingline Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swingline Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 100 

resignation, including the right to require Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participation in outstanding Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.12 . Upon the appointment by Borrower of a successor L/C Issuer and/or successor Swingline Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer and/or Swingline Lender, as applicable , (b) the retiring L/C Issuer and/or Swingline Lender, as applicable, shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Texas Capital Bank to effectively assume the obligations of Texas Capital Bank with respect to such Letters of Credit. 

Section 11.7 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender , Swingline Lender and L/C Issuer expressly acknowledges that neither Administrative Agent nor L/C Issuer, Swingline Lender, any other Lender nor any Related Party thereto has made any representation or warranty to such Person and that no act by Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender, L/C Issuer or any other Lender hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of Borrower, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender, L/C Issuer or any Lender to any other Lender. Each Lender, Swingline Lender and L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender, L/C Issuer or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender, Swingline Lender and L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender, L/C Issuer or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to L/C Issuer, Swingline Lender or the Lenders by Administrative Agent hereunder, Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide L/C Issuer, Swingline Lender or any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, condition (financial or otherwise), or creditworthiness of Borrower or the value of the Borrowing Base Property or other Properties of Borrower or any other Person which may come into the possession of Administrative Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates. 

Section 11.8 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Obligated Party, Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(a) 
			 to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations under 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 101 

the Loan Documents that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of Lenders, L/C Issuer, and Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of Lenders, L/C Issuer, and Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due Lenders, L/C Issuer, and Administrative Agent under Section 12.1 or Section 12.2 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b) 
			 to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and L/C Issuer to make such payments to Administrative Agent and, in the event that Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to Lenders and L/C Issuer, as applicable, to pay to Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due Administrative Agent under Section 12.1 or Section 12.2 . 

Section 11.9 Guaranty Matters . 

(a) 
			 Lenders irrevocably authorize Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents. Upon request by Administrative Agent at any time, Required Lenders will confirm in writing Administrative Agent s authority to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this Section 11.9 . 

(b) 
			 Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Borrowing Base Property, the existence, priority or perfection of any Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Obligated Party in connection therewith, nor shall Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Borrowing Base Property. 

Section 11.10 Bank Product Agreements . No Bank Product Provider who obtains the benefits of Section 10.3 or any Guaranty by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any Guaranty shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document (or to notice of or to consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of the provisions hereof or of the Guaranty) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article 11 to the contrary, Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Bank Product Obligations unless Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Bank Product Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Bank Product Provider. Administrative Agent shall not be required to 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 102 

verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Bank Product Obligations arising under Bank Product Agreements upon termination of all Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations under the Loan Documents (other than contingent indemnification obligations) and the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit (other than Letters of Credit as to which other arrangements satisfactory to Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer shall have been made). 

Section 11.11 Certain ERISA Matters . 

(a) 
			 Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of Borrower or any other Obligated Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) 
			 such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, 

(ii) 
			 the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) 
			 (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14 ), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of subsections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

(iv) 
			 such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 103 

(b) 
			 In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a) , such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of Borrower or any other Obligated Party, that Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

Section 11.12 Acknowledgements Regarding Erroneous Payments . 

(a) 
			 Each Lender and L/C Issuer hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender or such L/C Issuer that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender or such L/C Issuer from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender or such L/C Issuer (whether or not known to such Lender or such L/C Issuer), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or such L/C Issuer to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or such L/C Issuer under this Section shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(b) 
			 Each Lender and each L/C Issuer hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 104 

a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or such L/C Issuer to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

(c) 
			 Borrower and each other Obligated Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Lender or such L/C Issuer that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender or such L/C Issuer with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by any Borrower or any other Obligated Party except to the extent that the funds in respect of such erroneous Payment were paid by Borrower or the Obligated Party for the purposes of satisfying any Obligation. 

(d) 
			 Each party s obligations under this Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or a L/C Issuer, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 

ARTICLE 12 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 12.1 Expenses . 

(a) 
			 Borrower hereby agrees to pay on demand: (i) all costs and expenses of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer , the Swingline Lender and their Related Parties in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any and all amendments, modifications, renewals, extensions, supplements, waivers, consents and ratifications thereof and thereto, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel, advisors, consultants, and auditors for Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer , the Swingline Lender and their Related Parties; (ii) all costs and expenses of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer , the Swingline Lender and each Lender in connection with any Default and the enforcement of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including, without limitation, court costs and fees and expenses of legal counsel, advisors, consultants, and auditors for Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer , the Swingline Lender and each Lender; (iii) all costs and expenses incurred by L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder; (iv) all transfer, stamp, documentary, or other similar taxes, assessments, or charges levied by any Governmental 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 105 

Authority in respect of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents; (v) all costs, expenses, assessments, and other charges incurred in connection with any filing, registration, recording, or perfection of any Lien contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (vi) all other costs and expenses incurred by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer , the Swingline Lender and any Lender in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any workout or restructuring (including the negotiations thereof), any litigation, dispute, suit, proceeding or action, the enforcement of its rights and remedies, and the protection of its interests in bankruptcy, insolvency or other legal proceedings, including, without limitation, all costs, expenses, and other charges (including Administrative Agent s and , the Swingline Lender s, such Lender s , and L/C Issuer s internal charges) incurred in connection with evaluating, observing, collecting, examining, auditing, appraising, selling, liquidating, or otherwise disposing of the Borrowing Base Property or other assets of Borrower. Borrower shall be responsible for all expenses described in this clause (a) whether or not any Credit Extension is ever made. Any amount to be paid under this Section 12.1 shall be a demand obligation owing by Borrower and if not paid within thirty (30) days of demand shall bear interest, to the extent not prohibited by and not in violation of applicable Law, from the date of expenditure until paid at a rate per annum equal to the Default Interest Rate. The obligations of Borrower under this Section 12.1 shall survive payment of the Notes and other obligations hereunder and the assignment of any right hereunder. 

(b) 
			 To the extent that Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under Section 12.1(a) or Section 12.2 to be paid by it to Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer (or any sub-agent thereof), each Lender severally agrees to pay to Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based each Lender s share of the Total Credit Exposure at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender); provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer (or any such sub-agent) or against any Related Party of Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer (or any subagent thereof) acting for Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT SUCH PAYMENTS MAY BE IN RESPECT OF LOSSES, CLAIMS, DAMAGES, LIABILITIES OR RELATED EXPENSES ARISING OUT OF OR RESULTING FROM THE SOLE, CONTRIBUTORY, COMPARATIVE, CONCURRENT OR ORDINARY NEGLIGENCE OF THE PERSON (OR THE REPRESENTATIVES OF THE PERSON) TO WHOM SUCH PAYMENTS ARE TO BE MADE. 

Section 12.2 INDEMNIFICATION . BORROWER SHALL INDEMNIFY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, L/C ISSUER , THE SWINGLINE LENDER , EACH LENDER AND EACH RELATED PARTY THEREOF FROM, AND HOLD EACH OF THEM 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 106 

HARMLESS AGAINST, ANY AND ALL LOSSES, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, DAMAGES, PENALTIES, JUDGMENTS, DISBURSEMENTS, COSTS, AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS FEES) TO WHICH ANY OF THEM MAY BECOME SUBJECT WHICH DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISE FROM OR RELATE TO (A) THE NEGOTIATION, EXECUTION, DELIVERY, PERFORMANCE, ADMINISTRATION, OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, (B) ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, (C) ANY BREACH BY BORROWER OF ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, COVENANT, OR OTHER AGREEMENT CONTAINED IN ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, (D) THE PRESENCE, RELEASE, THREATENED RELEASE, DISPOSAL, REMOVAL, OR CLEANUP OF ANY HAZARDOUS MATERIAL LOCATED ON, ABOUT, WITHIN, OR AFFECTING ANY OF THE PROPERTIES OR ASSETS OF BORROWER OR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR ANY OTHER OBLIGATED PARTY, (E) ANY LOAN OR LETTER OF CREDIT OR USE OR PROPOSED USE OF THE PROCEEDS THEREFROM (INCLUDING ANY REFUSAL BY THE L/C ISSUER TO HONOR A DEMAND FOR PAYMENT UNDER A LETTER OF CREDIT IF THE DOCUMENTS PRESENTED IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH DEMAND DO NOT STRICTLY COMPLY WITH THE TERMS OF SUCH LETTER OF CREDIT) OR (F) ANY INVESTIGATION, LITIGATION, OR OTHER PROCEEDING, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY THREATENED INVESTIGATION, LITIGATION, OR OTHER PROCEEDING, RELATING TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR OF ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, IT IS THE EXPRESS INTENTION OF THE PARTIES HERETO THAT EACH PERSON TO BE INDEMNIFIED UNDER THIS SECTION SHALL BE INDEMNIFIED FROM AND HELD HARMLESS AGAINST ANY AND ALL LOSSES, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, DAMAGES, PENALTIES, JUDGMENTS, DISBURSEMENTS, COSTS, AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS FEES) ARISING OUT OF OR RESULTING FROM THE SOLE, CONTRIBUTORY, COMPARATIVE, CONCURRENT OR ORDINARY NEGLIGENCE OF SUCH PERSON (OR THE REPRESENTATIVES OF SUCH PERSON). Any amount to be paid under this Section 12.2 shall be a demand obligation owing by Borrower and if not paid within ten (10) days of demand shall bear interest, to the extent not prohibited by and not in violation of applicable Law, from the date of expenditure until paid at a rate per annum equal to the Default Interest Rate. The obligations of Borrower under this Section 12.2 shall survive payment of the Notes and other obligations hereunder and the assignment of any right hereunder. No indemnified party referred to above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 

Section 12.3 Limitation of Liability . None of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, the Swingline Lender or any Lender, or any Affiliate, officer, director, employee, attorney, or agent of any of the foregoing, shall have any liability with respect to, and Borrower hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue any of them upon, any claim for any special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages suffered or incurred by Borrower or any other Obligated Party in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to, this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Loan 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 107 

Documents. Borrower hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, the Swingline Lender, or any Lender, or any Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, or agents of any of the foregoing for punitive damages in respect of any claim in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to, this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. 

Section 12.4 No Duty . All attorneys, accountants, appraisers, and other professional Persons and consultants retained by Administrative Agent, any Lender , the Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer shall have the right to act exclusively in the interest of Administrative Agent or , such Lender, Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer and shall have no duty of disclosure, duty of loyalty, duty of care, or other duty or obligation of any type or nature whatsoever to Borrower or any of Borrower s equity holders, Affiliates, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, or any other Person. 

Section 12.5 Lenders Not Fiduciary . The relationship between Borrower and Administrative Agent, Arranger and each Lender , the Swingline Lender and L/C Issuer is solely that of debtor and creditor, and none of Administrative Agent, Arranger, any Lender , the Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer has any fiduciary or other special relationship with Borrower, and no term or condition of any of the Loan Documents shall be construed so as to deem the relationship between Borrower and Administrative Agent, Arranger and each Lender, the Swingline Lender and L/C Issuer to be other than that of debtor and creditor. 

Section 12.6 Equitable Relief . Borrower recognizes that in the event Borrower fails to pay, perform, observe, or discharge any or all of the Obligations, any remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to Administrative Agent or Lenders or the Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer. Borrower therefore agrees that Administrative Agent, any Lender , the Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer, if Administrative Agent or such Lender, the Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer so requests, shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages. 

Section 12.7 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . No failure on the part of Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer to exercise and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing with respect to, any right, remedy, power, or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege. The rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights and remedies provided by Law. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Obligated Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 10.2 for the benefit of all the Lenders; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 108 

Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, or (b) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Obligated Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.2 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clause (b) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 12.23 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 

Section 12.8 Successors and Assigns . 

(a) 
			 Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that Borrower may not assign or transfer any of its rights, duties, or obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.8(b) , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.8(d) , or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 12.8(e) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 12.8(d) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of Administrative Agent and Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) 
			 Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment(s) and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 

(i) 
			 Minimum Amounts . (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment(s) and/or the Loans at the time owing to it or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds that equal at least the amount specified in Section 12.8(b)(i)(B) in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and (B) in any case not described in Section 12.8(b)(i)(A) , the aggregate amount of the Commitment(s) (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding hereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the Outstanding Amount of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than 5,000,000, in the case of any assignment in respect of 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 109 

the Credit Facility, unless each of Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

(ii) 
			 Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loan or the Commitment(s) assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate facilities, if any, on a non-pro rata basis. 

(iii) 
			 Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by Section 12.8(b)(i)(B) and, in addition: (A) the consent of Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment, or (y) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided that Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof; (B) the consent of Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of any Commitment or Revolving Credit Loans if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender, and (C) the consent of L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Credit Facility. 

(iv) 
			 Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500; provided that Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 

(v) 
			 No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made to (A) Borrower, or any of Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or any other Obligated Party, (B) any Defaulting Lender or any of its Affiliates, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing persons described in this clause (B) , or (C) a Competing Homebuilder. 

(vi) 
			 No Assignment to Natural Persons . No such assignment shall be made to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person). 

(vii) 
			 Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 110 

shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to such assignment shall make such additional payments to Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of Borrower and Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by such Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to: (A) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (B) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 12.8(c) , from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 12.1 and Section 12.2 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided that, except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 12.8(d) . Upon the consummation of any assignment pursuant to this Section 12.8(b) , if requested by the transferor or transferee Lender, the transferor Lender, Administrative Agent and Borrower shall make appropriate arrangements so that replacement Notes are issued to such transferor Lender (if applicable) and new Notes or, as appropriate, replacement Notes, are issued to the assignee. 

(c) 
			 Register . Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a nonfiduciary agent of Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in Dallas, Texas a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a Register. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Borrower, Administrative Agent and Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 111 

be available for inspection by Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(d) 
			 Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower or Administrative Agent, sell participations to a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (iii) Borrower, Administrative Agent, and Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 12.1(b) without regard to the existence of any participation. 

Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in Section 12.10 which requires the consent of all Lenders and affects such Participant. Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.1, 3.5 and 3.4 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.4(g) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.4(g) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.6 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.1 or 3.4 , with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.6 with respect to any Participant. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrower, maintain a Participant Register; provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 112 

(e) 
			 Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

(f) 
			 Dissemination of Information . Borrower and each other Obligated Party authorizes Administrative Agent and each Lender to disclose to any actual or prospective purchaser, assignee or other recipient of a Lender s Commitment, any and all information in Administrative Agent s or such Lender s possession concerning Borrower, the other Obligated Parties and their respective Affiliates, subject to the terms and conditions of Section 12.25 . 

Section 12.9 Survival . All representations and warranties made in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any document, statement, or certificate furnished in connection with this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and no investigation by Administrative Agent or any Lender or any closing shall affect the representations and warranties or the right of Administrative Agent or any Lender to rely upon them. Without prejudice to the survival of any other obligation of Borrower hereunder, the obligations of Borrower under Sections 12.1 and 12.2 shall survive repayment of the Obligations and termination of the Commitments. 

Section 12.10 Amendment . Subject to Section 2.8(h) and Section 3.3(b) , the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Borrower is a party (other than the Issuer Documents) may be amended or waived only by an instrument in writing signed by Required Lenders (or by Administrative Agent with the consent of Required Lenders) and Borrower and acknowledged by Administrative Agent; provided , however , that no such amendment or waiver shall: 

(a) 
			 waive any condition set forth in Section 5. 1, without the written consent of each Lender; 

(b) 
			 extend or increase any Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 10.2 without the written consent of such Lender; 

(c) 
			 postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment (excluding mandatory prepayment) of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 

(d) 
			 reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan, or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided , however , that only the consent of Required Lenders shall be necessary to adjust the Default Interest Rate or to waive any obligation of Borrower to pay interest at such rate; 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 113 

(e) 
			 change any provision of this Section 12.10 or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; 

(f) 
			 change Section 10.3 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender; or 

(g) 
			 release any Guaranty without the written consent of each Lender; 

and, provided further , that that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as applicable, in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as applicable, under this Agreement or , with respect to the L/C Issuer, any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it the L/C Issuer ; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by Administrative Agent in addition to Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (iii) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto; (iv) Borrower and Administrative Agent may amend this Agreement or any other Loan Document without the consent of Lenders (unless the Required Lenders object in writing within five (5) Business Days of notice by Administrative Agent of such amendment) in order to (A) correct, amend or cure any ambiguity, inconsistency or defect or correct any typographical error or other manifest error in any Loan Document or (B) make administrative or operational changes not adverse to any Lender, or (C) add a Guarantor or otherwise enhance the rights and benefits of the Lenders; and (v) Borrower and Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of the Lenders, effect amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary in the opinion of Administrative Agent to effect the provisions of Section 2.10 . 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment(s) of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender; and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 

Section 12.11 Notices . 

(a) 
			 Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in Section 12.11(b) ), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile as set forth on Schedule 12.11 . Notices sent by hand or overnight courier 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 114 

service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received. Notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications, to the extent provided in Section 12.11(b) shall be effective as provided in Section 12.11(b) . 

(b) 
			 Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to Lenders and hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article 2 if such Lender has notified Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under Article 2 by electronic communication. Administrative Agent or Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 

Unless Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) , of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such facsimile, email or other electronic communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 

(c) 
			 Change of Address, etc . Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto, Schedule 12.11 shall be deemed to be amended by each such change, and Administrative Agent is authorized, in its discretion, from time to time to reflect each such change in an amended Schedule 12.11 provided by Administrative Agent to each party hereto. 

(d) 
			 Platform . 

(i) 
			 Borrower agrees that Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Communications (as defined below) available to the Lenders or L/C Issuer by posting the Communications on the Platform. 

(ii) 
			 The Platform is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 115 

any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or the Platform. In no event shall the Agent Parties have any liability to Borrower, any Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including, without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of Borrower s or Administrative Agent s transmission of communications through the Platform. 

(iii) 
			 Borrower and each other Obligated Party (by its, his or her execution of a Loan Document) hereby authorizes Administrative Agent, each Lender and their respective counsel and agents and Related Parties (each an Authorized Party to communicate and transfer documents and other information (including confidential information) concerning this transaction or Borrower or any other Obligated Party and the business affairs of Borrower and such other Obligated Parties via the internet or other electronic communication method. In no event shall any Authorized Party have any liability to Borrower or any other Obligated Party, any Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any such communications or transmissions, except to the extent that such damages are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and nonappealable judgment to have directly resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Authorized Party; provided, however , that in no event shall any Authorized Party have any liability for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 

(e) Public Information . Each Obligated Party hereby acknowledges that certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to any Obligated Party or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such securities. Each Obligated Party hereby agrees that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify that portion of the materials and information provided by or on behalf of any Obligated Party hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (collectively, Borrower Materials that may be distributed to the Public Lenders and that (i) all such Borrower Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC, which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (ii) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, each Obligated Party shall be deemed to have authorized Administrative Agent and the other Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to any Obligated Party or its securities for purposes of U.S. federal and state securities Laws (provided, however, that to the extent that such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be subject to Section 12.25 ); (iii) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information; and (iv) Administrative Agent shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 116 

Public Side Information . Each Public Lender will designate one or more representatives that shall be permitted to receive information that is not designated as being available for Public Lenders, in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and under applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to any Obligated Party or its Subsidiaries and its securities for the purposes of United State federal or state securities Laws. 

Section 12.12 Governing Law; Venue; Service of Process . 

(a) 
			 Governing Law . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Texas (without reference to applicable rules of conflicts of Laws). 

(b) 
			 Jurisdiction . Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against Administrative Agent, any Lender, L/C Issuer or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, in any forum other than the courts of the State of Texas sitting in Dallas County, and of the United States District Court of the Northern District of Texas, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such Texas State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that Administrative Agent, any Lender or L/C Issuer may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 

(c) 
			 Waiver of Venue . Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section . Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 117 

(d) 
			 Service of Process . Each party hereto irrevocably consents to service of process by the mailing thereof, in the manner provided for the mailing of notices in Section 12.11 . Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable Law. 

Section 12.13 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Except as provided in Section 5.1 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by Administrative Agent and when Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic imaging means (e.g. pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

Section 12.14 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable shall not impair or invalidate the remainder of this Agreement and the effect thereof shall be confined to the provision held to be invalid or illegal. Furthermore, in lieu of such invalid or unenforceable provision there shall be added as a part of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents a provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be legal, valid and enforceable. 

Section 12.15 Headings . The headings, captions, and arrangements used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

Section 12.16 Construction . Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Lender acknowledge that each of them has had the benefit of legal counsel of its own choice and has been afforded an opportunity to review this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with its legal counsel and that this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be construed as if jointly drafted by Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Lender. 

Section 12.17 Independence of Covenants . All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or be otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a Default if such action is taken or such condition exists. 

Section 12.18 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 118 

LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 12.18. 

Section 12.19 Additional Interest Provision . It is expressly stipulated and agreed to be the intent of Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Lender at all times to comply strictly with the applicable Law governing the maximum rate or amount of interest payable on the indebtedness evidenced by any Note, any Loan Document, and the Related Indebtedness (or applicable United States federal law to the extent that it permits any Lender to contract for, charge, take, reserve or receive a greater amount of interest than under applicable Law). If the applicable Law is ever judicially interpreted so as to render usurious any amount (a) contracted for, charged, taken, reserved or received pursuant to any Note, any of the other Loan Documents or any other communication or writing by or between Borrower and any Lender related to the transaction or transactions that are the subject matter of the Loan Documents, (b) contracted for, charged, taken, reserved or received by reason of Administrative Agent s or any Lender s exercise of the option to accelerate the maturity of any Note and/or the Related Indebtedness, or (c) Borrower will have paid or Administrative Agent or any Lender will have received by reason of any voluntary prepayment by Borrower of any Note and/or the Related Indebtedness, then it is Borrower s, Administrative Agent s and Lenders express intent that all amounts charged in excess of the Maximum Rate shall be automatically canceled, ab initio, and all amounts in excess of the Maximum Rate theretofore collected by Administrative Agent or any Lender shall be credited on the principal balance of any Note and/or the Related Indebtedness (or, if any Note and all Related Indebtedness have been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded to Borrower), and the provisions of any Note and the other Loan Documents shall immediately be deemed reformed and the amounts thereafter collectible hereunder and thereunder reduced, without the necessity of the execution of any new document, so as to comply with the applicable Law, but so as to permit the recovery of the fullest amount otherwise called for hereunder and thereunder; provided , however , if any Note or Related Indebtedness has been paid in full before the end of the stated term thereof, then Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Lender agree that Administrative Agent or any Lender, as applicable, shall, with reasonable promptness after Administrative Agent or such Lender discovers or is advised by Borrower that interest was received in an amount in excess of the Maximum Rate, either refund such excess interest to Borrower and/or credit such excess interest against such Note and/or any Related Indebtedness then owing by Borrower to Administrative Agent or such Lender. Borrower hereby agrees that as a condition precedent to any claim seeking usury penalties against Administrative Agent or such Lender, Borrower will provide written notice to Administrative Agent or any Lender, advising Administrative Agent or such Lender in reasonable detail of the nature and amount of the violation, and Administrative Agent or such Lender shall have sixty (60) days after receipt of such notice in which to correct such usury violation, if any, by either refunding such excess interest to Borrower or crediting such excess interest against the Note to which the alleged violation relates and/or the Related Indebtedness then owing by Borrower to Administrative Agent or such Lender. All sums contracted for, charged, taken, reserved or received by Administrative Agent or any Lender for the use, forbearance or detention of any debt evidenced by any Note and/or the Related Indebtedness shall, to the extent 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 119 

permitted by applicable Law, be amortized or spread, using the actuarial method, throughout the stated term of such Note and/or the Related Indebtedness (including any and all renewal and extension periods) until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on account of any Note and/or the Related Indebtedness does not exceed the Maximum Rate from time to time in effect and applicable to such Note and/or the Related Indebtedness for so long as debt is outstanding. In no event shall the provisions of Chapter 346 of the Texas Finance Code (which regulates certain revolving credit loan accounts and revolving triparty accounts) apply to the Notes and/or any of the Related Indebtedness. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents, it is not the intention of Administrative Agent or any Lender to accelerate the maturity of any interest that has not accrued at the time of such acceleration or to collect unearned interest at the time of such acceleration. 

Section 12.20 Ceiling Election . To the extent that any Lender is relying on Chapter 303 of the Texas Finance Code to determine the Maximum Rate payable on any Note and/or any other portion of the Obligations under the Loan Documents, such Lender will utilize the weekly ceiling from time to time in effect as provided in such Chapter 303. To the extent United States federal Law permits any Lender to contract for, charge, take, receive or reserve a greater amount of interest than under Texas Law, such Lender will rely on United States federal Law instead of such Chapter 303 for the purpose of determining the Maximum Rate. Additionally, to the extent permitted by applicable Law now or hereafter in effect, any Lender may, at its option and from time to time, utilize any other method of establishing the Maximum Rate under such Chapter 303 or under other applicable Law by giving notice, if required, to Borrower as provided by applicable Law now or hereafter in effect. 

Section 12.21 USA Patriot Act Notice . Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby notifies Borrower and each other Obligated Party that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Borrower and each other Obligated Party, which information includes the name and address of Borrower and each other Obligated Party and other information that will allow Administrative Agent and such Lender to identify Borrower and each other Obligated Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. In addition, Borrower and each other Obligated Party agrees to (a) ensure that no Person who owns a controlling interest in or otherwise controls Borrower or any other Obligated Party or any Subsidiary of Borrower or any other Obligated Party is or shall be a Sanctioned Person, (b) not to use or permit the use of proceeds of the Obligations to violate any Anti-Corruption Laws, AntiTerrorism Laws or any applicable Sanctions, and (c) comply, or cause its Subsidiaries to comply, with the applicable Laws. 

Section 12.22 Defaulting Lenders . 

(a) 
			 Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: 

(i) 
			 Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 120 

Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definitions of Required Lenders and in Section 12.10 . 

(ii) 
			 Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article 10 or otherwise) or received by Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to Administrative Agent hereunder; second, with respect to a Defaulting Lender that is a Lender, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender hereunder; third, with respect to a Defaulting Lender that is a Lender, to Cash Collateralize L/C Issuer s Fronting Exposure, if any, with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.7 ; fourth, with respect to a Defaulting Lender that is a Lender, as Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Revolving Credit Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by Administrative Agent; fifth, with respect to a Defaulting Lender that is a Lender, if so determined by Administrative Agent and Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Revolving Credit Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize L/C Issuer s future Fronting Exposure, if any, with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.7 ; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to Lenders , Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that, if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 5.2 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans are held by Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments under the Credit Facility without giving effect to Section 12.22(a)(iv) . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 121 

payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 12.22(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

(iii) 
			 Certain Fees . No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 2.4(b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 

(iv) 
			 Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s Swingline Exposure and participation in L/C Obligations shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Commitment. Subject to Section 12.26 , no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 

(v) 
			 Cash Collateral . If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, (x) first, prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second, Cash Collateralize L/C Issuers Issuer s Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.7 . 

(b) 
			 Defaulting Lender Cure . If Borrower, Administrative Agent , Swingline Lender and L/C Issuer agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) or take such other actions as Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section 12.22(a)(iv) ), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 122 

Section 12.23 Sharing of Payments by Lenders . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Loans made by it or other obligations hereunder, resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Loans and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall: 

(a) 
			 notify Administrative Agent of such fact; and 

(b) 
			 purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and such other obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and other amounts owing them, provided that: 

(i) 
			 if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 

(ii) 
			 the provisions of this Section 12.23 shall not be construed to apply to: (A) any payment made by or on behalf of Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender); or (B) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to Borrower or any Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 12.23 shall apply). 

Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of Borrower in the amount of such participation. 

Section 12.24 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of Borrower is made to Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or any Lender, or Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 123 

obligations of Lenders and L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 

Section 12.25 Confidentiality . Each of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners) or any Governmental Authority, quasi - Governmental Authority or legislative committee, (c) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to its being under a duty of confidentiality no less restrictive than this Section 12.25 , to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (ii) any actual or prospective purchaser of a Lender or its holding company, (iii) any rating agency or any similar organization in connection with the rating of Borrower or the Facilities or (iv) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar organization in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the Facilities, (g) with the consent of Borrower, or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 12.25 or (ii) becomes available to Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Borrower. In addition, Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. For purposes of this Section 12.25 , Information means all information received from Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses which is clearly identified as confidential, other than any such information that is available to Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by Borrower or a Subsidiary; provided that, in the case of information received from Borrower or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 12.25 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. Each Obligated Party agrees and confirms that, as between such Obligated Party and Texas Capital Bank, the obligations of Texas Capital Bank under this Section 12.25 supersede and replace in their respective entireties all confidentiality, non-disclosure and similar obligations of Texas Capital Bank, if any, set forth in any previous agreement between such Obligated Party and Texas Capital Bank notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained therein 

Section 12.26 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents . The words execute, execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 124 

Assignment and Assumption or in any amendment or other modification hereof (including waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state Laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

Section 12.27 Independence of Covenants . All covenants under the Loan Documents shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or be otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a Default if such action is taken or such condition exists. 

Section 12.28 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) 
			 the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) 
			 the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) 
			 a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) 
			 a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) 
			 the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

Section 12.29 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedge Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 125 

such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the Laws of the State of Texas and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in Property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in Property) were governed by the Laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the Laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

Section 12.30 NOTICE OF FINAL AGREEMENT . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND THEREOF AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 

Section 12.31 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement . This Agreement amends and restates the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby merged and incorporated into this Agreement, and (b) this Agreement shall supersede and control any inconsistent provision in the Existing Credit Agreement. All references in the Loan Documents to the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby modified and shall now be deemed to refer to this Agreement. All references in the Loan Documents to the Obligations, the Notes, the Loan Documents and other terms defined herein are hereby modified and shall now be deemed to refer to such terms and items as defined or described in this Agreement. Except as modified hereby or by any other Loan Document (whether dated as of or prior to the Closing Date) which expressly modifies any of the Loan Documents, all of the terms and provisions of the existing Loan Documents (including schedules and exhibits thereto), and the indebtedness, duties and obligations thereunder, are ratified and affirmed in all 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 126 

respects and shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement shall not, however, constitute a novation of the Obligated Parties indebtedness, duties and obligations under or with respect to the Loan Documents, the Loans or any Letters of Credit outstanding. 

[End of Exhibit A] 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Page 127 

EXHIBIT B 

Concluded Entities 

1. 

BLUFFMONT ESTATES, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

2. 

BMCH NORTH CAROLINA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

3. 

CENTURY RHODES RANCH GC, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

4. 

HOMETOWN, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

5. 

HOMETOWN SOUTH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

6. 

NEIGHBORHOOD ASSOCIATIONS GROUP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

7. 

PENINSULA VILLAS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

8. 

THE WHEATLANDS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

9. 

UCP SOLEDAD, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

10. 

VILLAS AT HIGHLAND PARK, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

EXHIBIT B Concluded Entities Solo Page 

EXHIBIT C 

New Real Estate Subsidiaries 

1. 

CENTURY BUILDING SUPPLY, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

2. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC, a Utah limited liability company 

3. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES MERCHANDISING GROUP, LLC, a Colorado limited 

liability company 

4. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF FLORIDA REALTY GROUP, LLC, a Delaware 

limited liability company 

5. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF FLORIDA, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

6. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF IDAHO, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

7. 

CENTURY COUPLET, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

8. 

CENTURY LINCOLN STATION, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

9. 

CENTURY LIVING AT COMPARK, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

10. 

CENTURY LIVING AT VERONA, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

11. 

CENTURY LIVING, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

12. 

WJH BROKERAGE AZ LLC, an Arizona limited liability company 

13. 

WJH BROKERAGE FL LLC, a Florida limited liability company 

14. 

WJH BROKERAGE IA LLC, an Iowa limited liability company 

15. 

WJH BROKERAGE IN LLC, an Indiana limited liability company 

16. 

WJH BROKERAGE MI LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 

17. 

WJH BROKERAGE NC LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 

18. 

WJH BROKERAGE OH LLC, d/b/a Wade Jurney Homes, an Ohio limited liability company 

19. 

WJH BROKERAGE TX LLC, a Texas limited liability company 

20. 

WJH LLC OF DELAWARE, a Delaware limited liability company 

21. 

WJHAL LLC, an Alabama limited liability company 

22. 

WJHAL2 LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 

23. 

WJHAZ LLC, an Arizona limited liability company 

24. 

WJHID LLC, an Idaho limited liability company 

25. 

WJHKY LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company 

EXHIBIT C New Real Estate Subsidiaries Solo Page 

SCHEDULE 6.13 

Real Estate Subsidiaries 

Borrower owns 100 of all Real Estate Subsidiaries, either directly or indirectly. 

1. 

AUGUSTA POINTE, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

2. 

AVALON AT INVERNESS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

3. 

AVR A, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

4. 

AVR B, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

5. 

AVR C, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

6. 

BEACON POINTE, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

7. 

BENCHMARK COMMUNITIES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

8. 

BLACKSTONE HOMES, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

9. 

BMC EAST GARRISON, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

10. 

BMC EG BLUFFS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

11. 

BMC EG BUNGALOW, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

12. 

BMC EG GARDEN, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

13. 

BMC EG GROVE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

14. 

BMC EG TOWNS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

15. 

BMC EG VILLAGE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

16. 

BMC REALTY ADVISORS, INC., a California corporation 

17. 

BMCH CALIFORNIA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

18. 

BMCH TENNESSEE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

19. 

BMCH WASHINGTON, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

20. 

BRADBURN VILLAGE HOMES, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

21. 

CASA ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware corporation 

22. 

CC COMMUNITIES, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

23. 

CC SOUTHEAST CONSTRUCTORS, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 

24. 

CCC HOLDINGS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

25. 

CCG CONSTRUCTORS LLC, a Georgia limited liability company 

26. 

CCG REALTY GROUP LLC, a Georgia limited liability company 

27. 

CCH HOMES, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

28. 

CCNC REALTY GROUP, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 

29. 

CCSC REALTY GROUP, LLC, a South Carolina limited liability company 

30. 

CENTENNIAL HOLDING COMPANY LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

31. 

CENTURY AT ANTHOLOGY, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

32. 

CENTURY AT ASH MEADOWS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

33. 

CENTURY AT AUTUMN VALLEY RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

34. 

CENTURY AT BEACON POINTE, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

35. 

CENTURY AT BELLEVIEW PLACE, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

36. 

CENTURY AT CALEY, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

SCHEDULE 6.13 Real Estate Subsidiaries Page 1 

37. 

CENTURY AT CANDELAS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

38. 

CENTURY AT CAROUSEL FARMS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

39. 

CENTURY AT CASTLE PINES TOWN CENTER, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

40. 

CENTURY AT CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

41. 

CENTURY AT COLLIERS HILL, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

42. 

CENTURY AT COMPARK VILLAGE NORTH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

43. 

CENTURY AT COMPARK VILLAGE SOUTH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

44. 

CENTURY AT COYOTE CREEK, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

45. 

CENTURY AT FOREST MEADOWS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

46. 

CENTURY AT HARVEST MEADOWS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 47. CENTURY AT LANDMARK, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

48. 

CENTURY AT LITTLETON VILLAGE, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

49. 

CENTURY AT LITTLETON VILLAGE II, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

50. 

CENTURY AT LOR, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

51. 

CENTURY AT LOWRY, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

52. 

CENTURY AT MARVELLA, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

53. 

CENTURY AT MAYFIELD, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

54. 

CENTURY AT MEADOWBROOK, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

55. 

CENTURY AT MIDTOWN, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

56. 

CENTURY AT MILLENNIUM, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

57. 

CENTURY AT MURPHY CREEK, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

58. 

CENTURY AT OAK STREET, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

59. 

CENTURY AT OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

60. 

CENTURY AT OUTLOOK, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

61. 

CENTURY AT PEARSON GROVE, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

62. 

CENTURY AT SALISBURY HEIGHTS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

63. 

CENTURY AT SHALOM PARK, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

64. 

CENTURY AT SOUTHSHORE, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

65. 

CENTURY AT SPRING VALLEY RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

66. 

CENTURY AT TANGLEWOOD, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

67. 

CENTURY AT TERRAIN, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

68. 

CENTURY AT THE GROVE, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

69. 

CENTURY AT THE HEIGHTS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

70. 

CENTURY AT THE MEADOWS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

71. 

CENTURY AT VISTA RIDGE, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

72. 

CENTURY AT WILDGRASS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

73. 

CENTURY AT WOLF RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

74. 

CENTURY AT WYNDHAM HILL, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

75. 

CENTURY BUILDING SUPPLY, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

76. 

CENTURY CITY, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

SCHEDULE 6.13 Real Estate Subsidiaries Page 2 

77. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC, a Utah limited liability company 

78. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION OF ARIZONA, LLC, an Arizona 

limited liability company 

79. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES INVESTMENTS LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

80. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES MERCHANDISING GROUP, LLC, a Colorado limited 

liability company 

81. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF ARIZONA, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company 

82. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF CALIFORNIA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

83. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF FLORIDA REALTY GROUP, LLC, a Delaware 

limited liability company 

84. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF FLORIDA, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

85. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF GEORGIA, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

86. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF IDAHO, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

87. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF NEVADA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

88. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF NEVADA REALTY, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company 

89. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF NORTH CAROLINA, LLC, a Delaware limited 

liability company 

90. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF SOUTH CAROLINA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

91. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF TENNESSEE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

92. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF UTAH, LLC, a Utah limited liability company 

93. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF WASHINGTON, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

94. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES REALTY OF UTAH, LLC, a Utah limited liability company 

95. 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES SOUTHEAST, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

96. 

CENTURY COUPLET, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

97. 

CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

98. 

CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS II, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

99. 

CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS OF TEXAS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

100. 

CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS OF UTAH, LLC, a Utah limited liability company 

101. 

CENTURY LINCOLN STATION, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

102. 

CENTURY LIVING AT COMPARK, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

103. 

CENTURY LIVING AT VERONA, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

104. 

CENTURY LIVING, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

105. 

CENTURY TOWNHOMES AT CANDELAS, LLC, Colorado limited liability company 

106. 

CENTURY TUSCANY GC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

107. 

CHERRY HILL PARK, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

108. 

COTTAGES AT WILLOW PARK, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

109. 

CROWN HILL, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

110. 

ENCLAVE AT PINE GROVE, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

SCHEDULE 6.13 Real Estate Subsidiaries Page 3 

111. 

ESTATES AT CHATFIELD FARMS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

112. 

HEARTH AT OAK MEADOWS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

113. 

HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

114. 

LADERA, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

115. 

LAKEVIEW FORT COLLINS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

116. 

LINCOLN PARK AT RIDGEGATE, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

117. 

MERIDIAN RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

118. 

MONTECITO AT RIDGEGATE, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

119. 

PARK 5TH AVENUE DEVELOPMENT CO., LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

120. 

RED ROCKS POINTE, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

121. 

RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

122. 

RESERVE AT THE MEADOWS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

123. 

SADDLEBACK HEIGHTS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

124. 

SAH HOLDINGS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

125. 

STETSON RIDGE HOMES, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

126. 

THE OVERLOOK AT TALLYN S REACH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

127. 

THE RETREAT AT RIDGEGATE, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

128. 

THE VERANDA, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

129. 

UCP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

130. 

UCP BARCLAY III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

131. 

UCP EAST GARRISON, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

132. 

UCP KERMAN, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

133. 

UCP MEADOWOOD III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

134. 

UCP SAGEWOOD, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

135. 

UCP TAPESTRY, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

136. 

VENUE AT ARISTA, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

137. 

VERONA ESTATES, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

138. 

VILLAS AT MURPHY CREEK, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

139. 

WATERSIDE AT HIGHLAND PARK, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

140. 

WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

141. 

WESTOWN TOWNHOMES, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

142. 

WILDGRASS, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 

143. 

WJH BROKERAGE AZ LLC, an Arizona limited liability company 

144. 

WJH BROKERAGE FL LLC, a Florida limited liability company 

145. 

WJH BROKERAGE IA LLC, an Iowa limited liability company 

146. 

WJH BROKERAGE IN LLC, an Indiana limited liability company 

147. 

WJH BROKERAGE MI LLC, a Michigan limited liability company 

148. 

WJH BROKERAGE NC LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 

149. 

WJH BROKERAGE OH LLC, d/b/a Wade Jurney Homes, an Ohio limited liability company 

150. 

WJH BROKERAGE TEXAS LLC, a Texas limited liability company 

151. 

WJH LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

SCHEDULE 6.13 Real Estate Subsidiaries Page 4 

152. 

WJH LLC OF DELAWARE, a Delaware limited liability company 

153. 

WJHAL LLC, an Alabama limited liability company 

154. 

WJHAL2 LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 

155. 

WJHAZ LLC, an Arizona limited liability company 

156. 

WJHID LLC, an Idaho limited liability company 

157. 

WJHKY LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company 

163990831.1 

SCHEDULE 6.13 Real Estate Subsidiaries Page 5 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-22.1>
 3
 ccs-20240930xex22_1.htm
 EX-22.1

Exhibit 22.1

Exhibit 22.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 

As of September 3 0 , 202 4 , Century Communities, Inc. (referred to as the Issuer ha d 500 million principal amount outstanding of 3.875 Senior Notes due August 2029 (referred to collectively as the 2029 Notes and 500 million principal amount outstanding of 6.75 Senior Notes due May 2027 (referred to collectively as the 2027 Notes and collectively with the 2029 Notes, the Senior Notes ). The Senior Notes are unsecured senior obligations of the Issuer and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured basis, jointly and severally, by substantially all of the Issuer s direct and indirect wholly-owned operating subsidiaries (referred to collectively as Guarantors ). The Issuer s subsidiaries associated with its financial services operations do not guarantee the Senior Notes. 

As of September 3 0 , 202 4 , the entities set forth below, which are 100 owned subsidiaries of the Issuer, were guarantors of the outstanding Senior Notes. However, only the 2027 Notes and the related guarantees are registered securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The offer and sale of the 2029 Notes and the related guarantees were not and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and instead were issued in reliance upon an exemption from such registration. Unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act, neither the 2029 Notes nor the related guarantees may be offered and sold only in transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act and the applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction. 

As the guarantees for the 2027 Notes were made in connection with the issuance of the 2027 Note s and an exchange offer effected under the Securities Act in April 2017, the Guarantors condensed supplemental financial information is presented in the Quarterly Report on Form 10- Q for the quarterly period ended September 3 0 , 202 4 as if the guarantees existed during the periods presented pursuant to applicable SEC rules and guidance. In addition, pursuant to such SEC rules and guidance, the information regarding the Guarantors as of September 3 0 , 202 4 is set forth below. 

Name of Entity 

State of Formation, Organization, or Incorporation 

Augusta Pointe, LLC 

Colorado 

Avalon at Inverness, LLC 

Colorado 

AVR A, LLC 

Colorado 

AVR B, LLC 

Colorado 

AVR C, LLC 

Colorado 

Beacon Pointe, LLC 

Colorado 

Benchmark Communities, LLC 

Delaware 

Blackstone Homes, LLC 

Colorado 

BMC East Garrison, LLC 

Delaware 

BMC EG Bluffs, LLC 

Delaware 

BMC EG Bungalow, LLC 

Delaware 

BMC EG Garden, LLC 

Delaware 

BMC EG Grove, LLC 

Delaware 

Name of Entity 

State of Formation, Organization, or Incorporation 

BMC EG Towns, LLC 

Delaware 

BMC EG Village, LLC 

Delaware 

BMC Realty Advisors, Inc 

California 

BMCH California, LLC 

Delaware 

BMCH Tennessee, LLC 

Delaware 

BMCH Washington, LLC 

Delaware 

Bradburn Village Homes, LLC 

Colorado 

Casa Acquisition Corp. 

Delaware 

CC Communities, LLC 

Colorado 

CC Southeast Constructors, LLC 

North Carolina 

CCC Holdings, LLC 

Colorado 

CCG Constructors LLC 

Georgia 

CCG Realty Group LLC 

Georgia 

CCH Homes, LLC 

Colorado 

CCNC Realty Group, LLC 

North Carolina 

CCSC Realty Group, LLC 

South Carolina 

Centennial Holding Company LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Anthology, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Ash Meadows, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Autumn Valley Ranch, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Beacon Pointe, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Belleview Place, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Caley, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Candelas, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Carousel Farms, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Castle Pines Town Center, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Claremont Ranch, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Colliers Hill, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Compark Village North, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Compark Village South, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Coyote Creek, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Forest Meadows, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Harvest Meadows, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Landmark, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Littleton Village, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Littleton Village II, LLC 

Colorado 

Name of Entity 

State of Formation, Organization, or Incorporation 

Century at LOR, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Lowry, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Marvella, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Mayfield, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Meadowbrook, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Midtown, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Millennium, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Murphy Creek, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Oak Street, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Observatory Heights, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Outlook, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Pearson Grove, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Salisbury Heights, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Shalom Park, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Southshore, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Spring Valley Ranch, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Tanglewood, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Terrain, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at The Grove, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at the Heights, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at The Meadows, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Vista Ridge, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Wildgrass, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Wolf Ranch, LLC 

Colorado 

Century at Wyndham Hill, LLC 

Colorado 

Century Building Supply, LLC 

Colorado 

Century City, LLC 

Colorado 

Century Communities Construction, LLC 

Utah 

Century Communities Construction of Arizona, LLC 

Arizona 

Century Communities Investments LLC 

Colorado 

Century Communities Merchandising Group, LLC 

Colorado 

Century Communities of Arizona, LLC 

Arizona 

Century Communities of California, LLC 

Delaware 

Century Communities of Florida, LLC 

Colorado 

Century Communities of Florida Realty Group, LLC 

Delaware 

Century Communities of Georgia, LLC 

Colorado 

Name of Entity 

State of Formation, Organization, or Incorporation 

Century Communities of Idaho, LLC 

Colorado 

Century Communities of Nevada, LLC 

Delaware 

Century Communities of Nevada Realty, LLC 

Nevada 

Century Communities of North Carolina, LLC 

Delaware 

Century Communities of South Carolina, LLC 

Delaware 

Century Communities of Tennessee, LLC 

Delaware 

Century Communities of Utah, LLC 

Utah 

Century Communities of Washington, LLC 

Delaware 

Century Communities Realty of Utah, LLC 

Utah 

Century Communities Southeast, LLC 

Colorado 

Century Couplet, LLC 

Colorado 

Century Land Holdings, LLC 

Colorado 

Century Land Holdings II, LLC 

Colorado 

Century Land Holdings of Texas, LLC 

Colorado 

Century Land Holdings of Utah, LLC 

Utah 

Century Lincoln Station, LLC 

Colorado 

Century Living at Compark, LLC 

Colorado 

Century Living at Verona LLC 

Colorado 

Century Living, LLC 

Colorado 

Century Townhomes at Candelas, LLC 

Colorado 

Century Tuscany GC, LLC 

Delaware 

Cherry Hill Park, LLC 

Colorado 

Cottages at Willow Park, LLC 

Colorado 

Crown Hill, LLC 

Colorado 

Enclave at Pine Grove, LLC 

Colorado 

Estates at Chatfield Farms, LLC 

Colorado 

Hearth at Oak Meadows, LLC 

Colorado 

Horizon Building Services, LLC 

Colorado 

Ladera, LLC 

Colorado 

Lakeview Fort Collins, LLC 

Colorado 

Lincoln Park at Ridgegate, LLC 

Colorado 

Meridian Ranch, LLC 

Colorado 

Montecito at Ridgegate, LLC 

Colorado 

Park 5th Avenue Development Co., LLC 

Colorado 

Red Rocks Pointe, LLC 

Colorado 

Reserve at Highpointe Estates, LLC 

Colorado 

Reserve at The Meadows, LLC 

Colorado 

N ame of Entity 

S tate of Formation, Organization, or Incorporation 

SAH Holdings, LLC 

Colorado 

Saddleback Heights, LLC 

Colorado 

Stetson Ridge Homes, LLC 

Colorado 

The Overlook at Tallyn s R ea ch , LLC 

Colorado 

The Retreat at Ridgegate, LLC 

Colorado 

The Veranda, LLC 

Colorado 

UCP, LLC 

Delaware 

UCP Barclay III, LLC 

Delaware 

UCP East Garrison, LLC 

Delaware 

UCP Kerman, LLC 

Delaware 

UCP Meadowood III, LLC 

Delaware 

UCP Sagewood, LLC 

Delaware 

UCP Tapestry, LLC 

Delaware 

Venue at Arista, LLC 

Colorado 

Verona Estates, LLC 

Colorado 

Villas at Murphy Creek, LLC 

Colorado 

Waterside at Highland Park, LLC 

Colorado 

Westown Condominiums, LLC 

Colorado 

Westown Townhomes, LLC 

Colorado 

Wildgrass, LLC 

Colorado 

WJH LLC 

Delaware 

WJH LLC of Delaware 

Delaware 

WJH B rokerage OH LLC, D/B/A W ade J urney Homes 

Ohio 

WJH Brokerage TX LLC 

Texas 

WJH Brokerage MI LLC 

Michigan 

WJHAL LLC 

Alabama 

WJHAL2 LLC 

North Carolina 

WJHID LLC 

Idaho 

WJHKY LLC 

Kentucky 

WJH Brokerage AZ LLC 

Arizona 

WJH Brokerage FL LLC 

Florida 

WJH Brokerage IA LLC 

Iowa 

WJH Brokerage IN LLC 

Indiana 

WJH Brokerage NC LLC 

North Carolina 

WJH Brokerage NC LLC 

Texas 

WJHAZ LLC 

Arizona 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ccs-20240930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Dale Francescon, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10- Q of Century Communities, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer s and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer s and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 2 3 , 202 4 

/s/ Dale Francescon 

Dale Francescon 

Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer 
					 
						 (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ccs-20240930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Robert J. Francescon, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10- Q of Century Communities, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer s and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer s and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 2 3 , 202 4 

/s/ Robert J. Francescon 

Robert J. Francescon 

Co-Chief Executive Officer and President 
					 
						 (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 6
 ccs-20240930xex31_3.htm
 EX-31.3

Exhibit 31.3

EXHIBIT 31.3 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, J. Scott Dixon , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10- Q of Century Communities, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer s and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer s and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 2 3 , 202 4 

/s/ J. Scott Dixon 

J. Scott Dixon 

Chief Financial Officer 
					 
						 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ccs-20240930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10- Q of Century Communities, Inc. (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 3 0 , 20 2 4 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Quarterly Report ), I, Dale Francescon, Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge : 

1. the Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. the information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 2 3 , 20 2 4 

/s/ Dale Francescon 

Dale Francescon 

Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer 
					 
						 (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ccs-20240930xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10- Q of Century Communities, Inc. (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 3 0 , 20 2 4 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Quarterly Report ), I, Robert J. Francescon, Co-Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge : 

1. the Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. the information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 2 3 , 20 2 4 

/s/ Robert J. Francescon 

Robert J. Francescon 

Co-Chief Executive Officer and President 
					 
						 (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 9
 ccs-20240930xex32_3.htm
 EX-32.3

Exhibit 32.3

EXHIBIT 32.3 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10- Q of Century Communities, Inc. (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 3 0 , 20 2 4 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Quarterly Report ), I, J. Scott Dixon , Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge : 

1. the Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. the information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 2 3 , 202 4 

/s/ J. Scott Dixon 

J. Scott Dixon 

Chief Financial Officer 
					 
						 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ccs-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ccs-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ccs-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ccs-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ccs-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

