<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1505732_0001505732-24-000223.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16320229</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125016</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1818255</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8101233</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2913991</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2896058</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001505732-24-000223.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106141800
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001505732-24-000223
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001505732
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				208251355
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36448
		FILM NUMBER:		241430240

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		208 ELM STREET
		CITY:			NEW CANAAN
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06840
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 972-3838

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		208 ELM STREET
		CITY:			NEW CANAAN
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06840

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BNC Financial Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001505732-24-000223.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 bwfg-20240930.htm
 10-Q

bwfg-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________to________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of October 30, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 
 2 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Form 10-Q 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 202 4 and December 31, 20 23 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 202 4 and 20 23 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 202 4 and 20 23 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 202 4 and 20 23 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 202 4 and 20 23 
 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 50 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 66 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 66 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 66 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 66 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 67 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 67 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 67 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 67 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 68 
 Signatures 
 68 
 Certifications 
 3 

PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - (unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities Marketable equity securities, at fair value Available for sale investment securities, at fair value Held to maturity investment securities, at amortized cost (fair values of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Total investment securities Loans receivable (net of ACL-Loans of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023) 
 Accrued interest receivable Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost Premises and equipment, net Bank-owned life insurance Goodwill Deferred income taxes, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Liabilities Deposits Noninterest bearing deposits Interest bearing deposits Total deposits Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank Subordinated debentures (face value of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, less unamortized debt issuance costs of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 4 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest and dividend income Interest and fees on loans Interest and dividends on securities Interest on cash and cash equivalents Total interest and dividend income Interest expense Interest expense on deposits Interest expense on borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision (credit) for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision (credit) for credit losses Noninterest income Bank-owned life insurance Service charges and fees Gains and fees from sales of loans Other ) ) Total noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Professional services Data processing Director fees FDIC insurance Marketing Other Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Earnings Per Common Share: Basic Diluted Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding: Basic Diluted Dividends per common share 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 5 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income: Unrealized gains (losses) on securities: Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available for sale securities ) ) Reclassification adjustment for gains realized in net income Net change in unrealized gains (losses) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax ) ) Unrealized (losses) gains on interest rate swaps: Unrealized (losses) gains on interest rate swaps ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Unrealized (losses) gains on interest rate swaps, net of tax ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 6 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity - (unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 
 Number of Outstanding Shares Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Forfeitures of restricted stock ) Issuance of restricted stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 Number of Outstanding Shares Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock Repurchase of common stock Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 

7 

Number of Outstanding Shares Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss), net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Forfeitures of restricted stock ) Issuance of restricted stock Stock options exercised Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 Number of Outstanding Shares Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (ASU No. 2016-13), net of tax ) ) Balance as of January 1, 2023 as adjusted for changes in accounting principle ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss), net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Forfeitures of restricted stock ) Issuance of restricted stock Stock options exercised Repurchase of common stock Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 8 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net amortization of premiums and discounts on investment securities Provision for credit losses Provision (credit) for deferred income taxes ) Change in fair value of marketable equity securities ) Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) Gains and fees from sales of loans ) ) Stock-based compensation Loss on sale of premises and equipment Net change in: Deferred loan fees ) ) Accrued interest receivable ) Other assets ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Proceeds from principal repayments on available for sale securities Proceeds from principal repayments on held to maturity securities Purchases of marketable equity securities ) ) Purchases of held to maturity securities ) ) Net decrease (increase) in loans ) Proceeds from sales of loans not originated for sale Purchases of premises and equipment, net ) ) Reduction (purchases) of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 9 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - (unaudited) (Continued) 
 (In thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from financing activities Net change in time certificates of deposit Net change in other deposits ) ) Proceeds from exercise of options Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents: Beginning of year End of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flows information: Cash paid for: Interest Income taxes Noncash investing and financing activities: Net change in unrealized gains or losses on available for sale securities ) Net change in unrealized gains or losses on interest rate swaps ) Establishment of right-of-use asset and lease liability Transfer of loans from held-for-investment to held-for-sale 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 10 

1. 
 
 mile radius around our branch network. In addition, the Bank pursues certain types of commercial lending opportunities outside our market, particularly where we have strong business relationships. The Bank operates branches in New Canaan, Stamford, Fairfield, Westport, Darien, Norwalk, and Hamden, Connecticut. 

reportable segment. All of the Company s activities are interrelated, and each activity is dependent and assessed based on how each of the activities of the Company supports the others. For example, lending is dependent upon the ability of the Company to fund itself with deposits and borrowings while managing the interest rate and credit risk. Accordingly, all significant operating decisions are based upon analysis of the Company as segment or unit. 

11 

12 

financial statement presentation. These reclassifications only change the reporting categories and do not affect the consolidated results of operations or consolidated financial position of the Company. 
 
 13 

14 

2. 
 
 ) Due from one through five years ) Due from five through ten years ) Due after ten years ) Total U.S. Government and agency obligations ) Corporate bonds Due from five through ten years ) Due after ten years ) Total corporate bonds ) Total available for sale securities ) Held to maturity securities: State agency and municipal obligations Due from one through five years Due from five through ten years Due after ten years ) Government-sponsored mortgage backed securities No contractual maturity Total held to maturity securities ) 
 15 

) Due from one through five years ) Due from five through ten years ) Due after ten years ) Total U.S. Government and agency obligations ) Corporate bonds Due from five through ten years ) Due after ten years ) Total corporate bonds ) Total available for sale securities ) Held to maturity securities: State agency and municipal obligations Due after ten years ) Government-sponsored mortgage backed securities No contractual maturity Total held to maturity securities ) 
 
 There were sales of investment securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, none of the Company's securities were pledged as collateral with the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") or any other institution. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the actual durations of the Company's available for sale securities were significantly shorter than the stated maturities. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company held marketable equity securities with a fair value of million and an amortized cost of million. At December 31, 2023, the Company held marketable equity securities with a fair value of million and an amortized cost of million. These securities represent an investment in mutual funds that have an objective to make investments for Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA") purposes. 

16 

) ) Corporate bonds ) ) State agency and municipal obligations ) ) ) Total investment securities ) ) ) 

Length of Time in Continuous Unrealized Loss Position Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Fair Value Unrealized Loss Percent Decline from Amortized Cost Fair Value Unrealized Loss Percent Decline from Amortized Cost Fair Value Unrealized Loss Percent Decline from Amortized Cost (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2023 
 U.S. Government and agency obligations ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) State agency and municipal obligations ) ) Total investment securities ) ) 
 There were and available for sale securities or held to maturity securities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, in which the fair value of the security was less than the amortized cost of the security. 
 
 The U.S. Government and agency obligations owned are either direct obligations of the U.S. Government or guaranteed by the U.S. Government. Therefore, the contractual cash flows are guaranteed and as a result the unrealized losses in this portfolio are considered to be only temporarily impaired. 
 
 The corporate bonds are investments in subordinated debt of federally insured banks, the majority of which are callable after five years o f origination. The Company monitors its corporate bond, state agency and municipal bond portfolios and considers them to have minimal default risk. 
 
 The Company has the intent and ability to retain its investment securities in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2024 until the decline in value has recovered or the security has matured. 

17 

3. 
 
 Commercial Construction Commercial business Consumer Total loans ACL-Loans ) ) Deferred loan origination fees, net ) ) Loans receivable, net 
 
 Lending activities primarily consist of commercial real estate loans, commercial business loans and, to a lesser degree, consumer loans. Loans may also be granted for the construction of commercial properties. The majority of commercial mortgage loans are collateralized by first or second mortgages on real estate. 
 
 Risk management 
 
 The Company has established credit policies applicable to each type of lending activity in which it engages. The Company evaluates the creditworthiness of each client and extends credit of up to of the market value of the collateral, maximum for owner occupied commercial real estate), depending on the client's creditworthiness and the type of collateral. The client s ability to service the debt is monitored on an ongoing basis. Real estate is the primary form of collateral. Other important forms of collateral are business assets, time deposits and marketable securities. While collateral provides assurance as a secondary source of repayment, the Company ordinarily requires the primary source of repayment for commercial loans to be based on the client s ability to generate continuing cash flows. The Company does not provide first or second lien residential mortgage loans secured by residential properties but has a small legacy portfolio which continues to amortize, pay off due to the sale of the collateral, or refinance away from the Company. 

18 

of the appraised value of the property and the Company requires a first or second lien position on the property. These loans can be affected by economic conditions and the values of the underlying properties. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate: This portfolio segment includes loans secured by commercial real estate, multi-family dwellings, owner-occupied commercial real estate and investor-owned one-to-four family dwellings. Loans secured by commercial real estate generally have larger loan balances and more credit risk than owner occupied one-to-four family mortgage loans. 
 
 Construction: This portfolio segment includes commercial construction loans for commercial development projects, including apartment buildings and condominiums, as well as office buildings, retail and other income producing properties and land loans, which are loans made with land as collateral. Construction and land development financing generally involves greater credit risk than long-term financing on improved, owner-occupied or leased real estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the value of the property at completion of construction compared to the estimated cost (including interest) of construction and other assumptions. If the estimate of construction cost proves to be inaccurate, the Company may be required to advance additional funds beyond the amount originally committed in order to protect the value of the property. Moreover, if the estimated value of the completed project proves to be inaccurate, the client may hold a property with a value that is insufficient to assure full repayment through sale or refinance. Construction loans also expose the Company to the risks that improvements will not be completed on time in accordance with specifications and projected costs and that repayment will depend on the successful operation or sale of the properties, which may cause some clients to be unable to continue paying debt service, which exposes the Company to greater risk of non-payment and loss. 
 
 Commercial Business: This portfolio segment includes commercial business loans secured by assignments of corporate assets and personal guarantees of the business owners. Commercial business loans generally have higher interest rates and shorter terms than other loans, and their repayment generally depends on the successful operation of the client s business. 
 
 Consumer: This portfolio segment includes loans secured by savings or certificate accounts, as well as unsecured personal loans and overdraft lines of credit. In addition, there are loans to finance insurance premiums, secured primarily by the cash surrender value of life insurance and marketable securities. 

19 

Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries ) (Credit) provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Residential Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Construction Commercial Business Consumer Total (In thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries (Credit) provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Residential Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Construction Commercial Business Consumer Total (In thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries ) (Credit) provision for credit losses ) Ending balance 
 
 Residential Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Construction Commercial Business Consumer Total (In thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Beginning balance Day1 effect of CECL ) Balance as of January 1, 2023 as adjusted for changes in accounting principle Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries (Credit) provision for credit losses ) ) Ending balance 
 
 20 

21 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Residential Real Estate Loans Residential Real Estate charge-off Current period charge-offs Commercial Real Estate Loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial Real Estate Loans Commercial Real Estate charge-off Current period charge-offs Construction Loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Construction Loans Construction charge-off Current period charge-offs Commercial Business Loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial Business Loans Commercial Business charge-off Current period charge-offs Consumer Loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Consumer Loans Consumer charge-off Current period charge-offs Total Loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Loans Total charge-off Current period charge-offs 
 22 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Residential Real Estate Loans Residential Real Estate charge-off Current period charge-offs Commercial Real Estate Loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial Real Estate Loans Commercial Real Estate charge-off Current period charge-offs Construction Loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Construction Loans Construction charge-off Current period charge-offs Commercial Business Loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial Business Loans Commercial Business charge-off Current period charge-offs Consumer Loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Consumer Loans Consumer charge-off Current period charge-offs Total Loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Loans Total charge-off Current period charge-offs 
 23 

Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Consumer Subtotal Loans collectively evaluated for impairment: Residential real estate Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Consumer Subtotal Total 
 
 Portfolio ACL-Loans (In thousands) December 31, 2023 Loans individually evaluated for impairment: Residential real estate Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Consumer Subtotal Loans collectively evaluated for impairment: Residential real estate Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Consumer Subtotal Total 
 
 Credit quality indicators 
 
 To measure credit risk for the loan portfolios, the Company employs a credit risk rating system. This risk rating represents an assessed level of a loan s risk based on the character and creditworthiness of the borrower/guarantor, the capacity of the borrower to adequately service the debt, any credit enhancements or additional sources of repayment, and the quality, value and coverage of the collateral, if any. 
 
 24 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total loans 
 
 Residential and Consumer Credit Quality Indicators September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Residential Real Estate Consumer Total Residential Real Estate Consumer Total (In thousands) Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total loans 

25 

Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Consumer Total loans 
 
 December 31, 2023 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or Greater Past Due Total Past Due Current Total Loans (In thousands) Real estate loans: Residential real estate Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Consumer Total loans 
 
 There was loan greater than 90 days delinquent and still accruing interest as of September 30, 2024. This loan has a balance of million and is related to a maturity administrative extension. There were loans delinquent greater than 90 days and still accruing interest as of December 31, 2023. 
 26 

Commercial real estate Commercial business Construction Consumer Total 
 
 Interest income on loans that would have been recognized if loans on nonaccrual status had been current in accordance with their original terms for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. There was i nterest income recognized on these loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no commitments to lend additional funds to any borrower on nonaccrual status. Nonaccrual loans with no specific reserve totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, as these loans were deemed to be adequately collateralized. 
 
 Individually evaluated loans 
 
 An individually evaluated loan is generally one for which it is probable, based on current information, that the Company will not collect all the amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan. Individually evaluated loans are individually evaluated for impairment. When the Company classifies a problem loan as impaired, it evaluates whether a specific valuation allowance is required for that portion of the asset that is estimated to be impaired. 
 
 The Company also individually evaluated all insurance premium loans within the Consumer portfolio segment, irrespective of credit risk ratings. 
 
 27 

Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Consumer Total individually evaluated loans without a valuation allowance Individually evaluated loans with a valuation allowance: Residential real estate Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Consumer Total individually evaluated loans with a valuation allowance Total individually evaluated loans 
 28 

Commercial real estate Commercial business Construction Consumer Total individually evaluated loans without a valuation allowance Individually evaluated loans with a valuation allowance: Residential real estate Commercial real estate Construction Commercial business Consumer Total individually evaluated loans with a valuation allowance Total individually evaluated loans 
 29 

Commercial real estate Commercial business Construction Consumer Total individually evaluated loans without a valuation allowance Individually evaluated loans with a valuation allowance: Residential real estate Commercial real estate Commercial business Construction Consumer Total individually evaluated loans with a valuation allowance Total individually evaluated loans 
 
 Loan Modifications 
 
 A loan will be considered modified as defined by ASU 2022-02 when both of the following conditions are met: 1) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and 2) the modification constitutes a direct change in contractual cash flows for a significant period of time. Modified terms are dependent upon the financial position and needs of the individual borrower. 
 
 There were new loan modifications reportable under ASU 2022-02 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses (ACL)-Unfunded Commitments 
 
 The Company has recorded ACL-Unfunded Commitments in A ccrued expenses and other liabilities, with t he provision recorded within the Provision for credit losses on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Reversal of prior unfunded reserve ) Day 1 effect of CECL Credit for credit losses (unfunded commitments) ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 

30 

) Credit for credit losses (unfunded commitments) ) ) ) ) Provision (credit) provision for credit losses ) 

4. 
 
 shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023. The Company's stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the ticker symbol BWFG. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The Company s shareholders are entitled to dividends when and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available. The ability of the Company to pay dividends depends, in part, on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Parent Corporation. In accordance with Connecticut statutes, regulatory approval is required to pay dividends in excess of the Bank s profits retained in the current year plus retained profits from the previous two years. The Bank is also prohibited from paying dividends that would reduce its capital ratios below minimum regulatory requirements. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 On December 19, 2018, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program ("Prior Plan") of up to shares of the Company's common Stock and, on October 27, 2021, the Company Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional shares under the Prior Plan. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased shares of its common stock at a weighted average price of . During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company had purchases of common stock. To date, the Company has purchased shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Prior Plan. 
 
 On October 28, 2024, the Company announced that on October 23, 2024, its Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase plan ("New Plan"). Under the terms of the New Plan, the Company is authorized to buy back up to shares of its outstanding common stock. In connection with the authorization of the New Plan, the Company terminated the Prior Plan. 
 
 The Company intends to accomplish the share repurchases under the New Plan through open market transactions, although the Company could accomplish repurchases through other means, such as privately negotiated transactions. The timing, price and volume of repurchases will be based on market conditions, relevant securities laws (such as 10b-18 and 10b5-1 rules under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and other factors. The New Plan does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and it may be modified or suspended at any time at the Company's discretion. The Company expects to fund any repurchases from cash on hand. 

5. 
 
 31 

) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Available for Sale Securities Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Interest Rate Swaps Total (In thousands) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications, net of tax ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Net other comprehensive (loss) income ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Available for Sale Securities Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Interest Rate Swaps Total (In thousands) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Available for Sale Securities Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Interest Rate Swaps Total (In thousands) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications, net of tax ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Net other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 

32 

Interest expense on borrowings Tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) ) Income tax expense Net of tax 

6. 
 
 Dividends to participating securities (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Net income for earnings per share calculation Weighted average shares outstanding, basic Effect of dilutive equity-based awards (2) 
 Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted Net earnings per common share: Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 (1) Represents dividends paid and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested stock-based awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends. 
 (2) Represents the effect of the assumed exercise of stock options and the vesting of restricted shares, as applicable, utilizing the treasury stock method. 
 
 33 

7. 
 
 , a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of , a minimum Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of , and a minimum leverage ratio of in order to be "adequately capitalized." In addition to these requirements, banking organizations must maintain a capital conservation buffer consisting of common equity in an amount above the minimum risk-based capital requirements for adequately capitalized institutions equal to of total risk-weighted assets, resulting in a requirement for the Bank to effectively maintain Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and total capital ratios of , and , respectively. The Bank must maintain the capital conservation buffer to avoid restrictions on the ability to pay dividends, pay discretionary bonuses, or to engage in share repurchases. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company no longer met the definition of a Small Bank Holding Company as the Company's assets exceeded 3 billion. Effective March 31, 2024, the Company is subject to the larger company capital requirements as set forth in the Economic Growth Act. 
 
 Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Bank and Company met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. There are no conditions or events since then that management believes have changed this conclusion. 
 
 Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets Tier I Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets Tier I Capital to Average Assets Minimum Regulatory Capital Required for Capital Adequacy Minimum Regulatory Capital to be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions Actual Capital Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. September 30, 2024 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 178,591 6.50 Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 274,755 10.00 Tier I Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 219,804 8.00 Tier I Capital to Average Assets 158,040 5.00 
 34 

Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets Tier I Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets Tier I Capital to Average Assets Minimum Regulatory Capital Required for Capital Adequacy Minimum Regulatory Capital to be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions Actual Capital Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. December 31, 2023 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets N/A N/A Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets N/A N/A Tier I Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets N/A N/A Tier I Capital to Average Assets N/A N/A 
 
 Regulatory Restrictions on Dividends 
 
 The ability of the Company to pay dividends depends, in part, on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Parent Corporation. In accordance with Connecticut statutes, regulatory approval is required to pay dividends in excess of the Bank s profits retained in the current year plus retained profits from the previous two years. The Bank is also prohibited from paying dividends that would reduce its capital ratios below minimum regulatory requirements. 
 
 Reserve Requirements on Cash 
 
 The Bank was not required to maintain a minimum reserve balance in the Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 

35 

8. 
 
 Interest bearing accounts: NOW Money market Savings Time certificates of deposit Total interest bearing accounts Total deposits 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 
 The aggregate amount of individual certificate accounts, with balances of 250,000 or more, was approximately million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. 
 Brokered deposits include Brokered certificates of deposits, brokered money market accounts, one-way buy Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service ("CDARS"), and one-way buy Insured Cash Sweep Service ("ICS"). Brokered certificates of deposits totaled million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. Brokered money market accounts totaled million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. There were no certificates of deposits from national listing services, one-way buy CDARS or one-way buy ICS at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 Money market Savings Time certificates of deposits Total interest expense on deposits 
 
 36 

9. 
 
 equity award plans, which are collectively referred to as the Stock Plans . The current plan under which any future issuances of equity awards will be made is the 2022 Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. Stock Plan, or the 2022 Plan . All equity awards made under the 2022 Plan are made by means of an award agreement, which contains the specific terms and conditions of the grant. To date, all equity awards have been in the form of restricted stock. At September 30, 2024, there were shares reserved for future issuance under the 2022 Plan. 
 
 Restricted Stock : Restricted stock provides grantees with rights to shares of common stock upon completion of a service period. Shares of unvested restricted stock are considered participating securities. Restricted stock awards generally vest over one to . 
 
 (1) 
 Granted (2) 
 Vested ) (3) 
 Forfeited ) 
 Unvested at end of period shares of performance based restricted stock. 
 2) Includes shares of performance based restricted stock. 
 (3) Includes shares of performance based restricted stock. 
 
 The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. 
 
 The Company's restricted stock expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. At September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized stock compensation expense for restricted stock, expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Performance Based Restricted Stock : The Company has shares of performance based restricted stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024 pursuant to the Company s Stock Plans. The awards vest over a service period, provided certain performance metrics are met. The share quantity that ultimately vests can range between and , of the number of performance shares initially granted and is dependent on the degree to which the performance metrics are met. The Company records an expense over the vesting period based on (a) the probability that the performance metric will be met and (b) the fair market value of the Company s stock at the date of the grant. 

10. 
 
 cash flow swaps, designated as hedging instruments, to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to the variability of the future cash fl ows attributable to the contractually specified interest rates. The notional amount for each swap is million and in each case, the Company has entered into pay-fixed cash flow swaps to convert rolling - day brokered deposits. Cash flow swaps with a positive fair value are recorded as other assets and cash flow swaps with a negative fair value are recorded as other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 37 

cash flow swaps with a total notional amount of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The underlying debt associated with the terminated swaps was kept in place. The fair value of the terminated swaps totaled thousand as of September 30, 2024. The fair value of the terminated swaps will be reclassified from other comprehensive income to interest expense on a straight-line basis over the original term of the hedging relationship. 
 
 The Company entered into pay-fixed portfolio layer method fair value swap, designated as a hedging instrument, with a total notional amount of million in the first quarter of 2023. The Company designated the fair value swap under the portfolio layer method PLM ). Under this method, the hedged item is designated as a hedged layer of a closed portfolio of financial loans that is anticipated to remain outstanding for the designated hedged period. Adjustments will be made to record the swap at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, with changes in fair value recognized in interest income. The carrying value of the fair value swap on the Consolidated Balance Sheets will also be adjusted through interest income, based on changes in fair value attributable to changes in the hedged risk. 

(1) These amounts include the amortized cost basis of closed portfolios of fixed rate loans used to designate hedging relationships in which the hedged item is the stated amount of assets in the closed portfolio anticipated to be outstanding for the designated hedged period. As of September 30, 2024 , the amortized cost basis of the closed portfolio used in this hedging relationship was million, the cumulative basis adjustments associated with this hedging relationships was million, and the amount of the designated hedged item was million. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company has interest rate swaps not designated as hedging instruments, to minimize interest rate risk exposure with loans to clients. 
 
 The Company accounts for all non-client related interest rate swaps as either effective cash flow or fair value swaps. None of the interest rate swap agreements contain any credit risk related contingent features. A hedging instrument is expected at inception to be highly effective at offsetting changes in the hedged transactions attributable to the changes in the hedged risk. 
 
 Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service the Company provides to certain loan clients. The Company executes interest rate swaps with commercial banking clients to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. Those interest rate swaps are simultaneously hedged by offsetting derivatives that the Company executes with a third party, such that the Company minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate derivatives associated with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the client derivatives and the offsetting derivatives are recognized directly in earnings. 
 
 38 

Other assets Accrued expenses and other liabilities Fair value swap Other assets Accrued expenses and other liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps (1) 
 Other assets Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 
 (1) Represents interest rate swaps with commercial banking clients, which are offset by derivatives with a third party. 
 
 Accrued interest receivables related to interest rate swaps as of September 30, 2024 totaled million and is excluded from the fair value p resented in the table above. The fair value of interest rate swaps in a net asset position, including accrued interest, totaled million as of September 30, 2024. 
 39 

Other assets Accrued expenses and other liabilities Fair value swap Other assets Accrued expenses and other liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps (1) 
 Other assets Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 
 (1) Represents interest rate swaps with commercial banking clients, which are offset by derivatives with a third party. 
 
 Accrued interest receivables related to interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2023 totaled million and is excluded from the fair value presented in the table above. The fair value of interest rate swaps in a net asset position, including accrued interest, totaled million as of December 31, 2023. 
 The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s variable-rate debt. The Company expects to reclassify million to reduce interest expense during the next 12 months. 
 The Company assesses the effectiveness of each hedging relationship by comparing the changes in cash flows of the derivative hedging instrument with the changes in cash flows of the designated hedged item or transaction. The Company does not offset derivative assets and derivative liabilities for financial statement presentation purposes. 
 The Company assesses the effectiveness of the fair value swap hedge with a regression analysis that compares the changes in forward curves to determine the value. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as fair value hedges is recorded through interest income. The Company does not offset derivative assets and derivative liabilities for financial statement presentation purposes. 
 40 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) on items recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) 
 
 The above unrealized gains and losses are reflective of market interest rates as of the respective balance sheet dates. Generally, a lower interest rate environment will result in a negative impact to comprehensive income whereas a higher interest rate environment will result in a positive impact to comprehensive income. 
 
 ) ) Fair value derivative designated as hedging instrument ) Total gain recognized in the consolidated statements of income within interest and fees on loans 

(1) Includes accrued interest receivable totaling thousand. 

41 

(1) Includes net accrued interest receivable totaling thousand. 
 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets (1) 
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position Net Amounts of Assets presented in the Statement of Financial Position Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Received Net Amount Derivative assets 
 (1) Includes accrued interest receivable totaling thousand. 
 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities (1) 
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position Net Amounts of Liabilities presented in the Statement of Financial Position Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Posted Net Amount Derivative liabilities 
 (1) Includes net interest receivable totaling thousand. 

11. 

42 

Federal funds sold Marketable equity securities Available for sale securities Held to maturity securities Loans receivable, net Accrued interest receivable FHLB stock Servicing asset, net of valuation allowance Derivative asset Financial Liabilities: Noninterest bearing deposits NOW and money market Savings Time deposits Accrued interest payable Advances from the FHLB Subordinated debentures Derivative liability 
 43 

Federal funds sold Marketable equity securities Available for sale securities Held to maturity securities Loans receivable, net Accrued interest receivable FHLB stock Servicing asset, net of valuation allowance Derivative asset Financial Liabilities: Noninterest bearing deposits NOW and money market Savings Time deposits Accrued interest payable Advances from the FHLB Subordinated debentures Servicing liability Derivative liability 
 
 The following methods and assumptions were used by management in estimating the fair value of its financial instruments: 
 
 Marketable equity securities and available for sale securities: Fair values are based on quoted market prices or dealer quotes, if available. If a quoted market price is not available, fair value is estimated using quoted market prices for similar securities. The majority of the available for sale securities are considered to be Level 2 as other observable inputs are utilized, such as quoted prices for similar securities. Level 1 investment securities include investments in U.S. Treasury notes and in marketable equity securities for which a quoted price is readily available in the market. Level 3 held to maturity securities represent private placement municipal housing authority bonds for which no quoted market price is available. The fair value for these securities is estimated using a discounted cash flow model, using discount rates ranging from to as of September 30, 2024 and to as of December 31, 2023. These securities are CRA eligible investments. 
 
 FHLB stock: The carrying value of FHLB stock approximates fair value based on the most recent redemption provisions of the FHLB. 
 
 Loans receivable: For variable rate loans which reprice frequently and have no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. The fair value of fixed rate loans are estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. The fair value methodology includes prepayment, default and loss severity assumptions applied by type of loan. The fair value estimate of the loans includes an expected credit loss. 
 
 Derivative asset (liability): The valuation of the Company s interest rate swaps is obtained from a third-party pricing service and is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. The pricing analysis is based on observable inputs for the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity and 
 44 

12. 

45 

Available for sale investment securities: U.S. Government and agency obligations Corporate bonds Derivative asset Derivative liability December 31, 2023: Marketable equity securities Available for sale investment securities: U.S. Government and agency obligations Corporate bonds Derivative asset Derivative liability 
 
 Marketable equity securities and available for sale investment securities: The fair value of the Company s investment securities is estimated by using pricing models or quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics (i.e., matrix pricing) and is classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. The pricing is primarily sourced from third-party pricing services overseen by management. 
 
 Derivative assets and liabilities: The Company s derivative assets and liabilities consist of transactions as part of management s strategy to manage interest rate risk. The valuation of the Company s interest rate swaps is obtained from a third-party pricing service and is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. The pricing analysis is based on observable inputs for the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity and interest rate curves. The Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its interest rate derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Financial instruments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 
 Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis in accordance with GAAP. These include assets that are measured at the lower-of-cost-or-market that were recognized at fair value below cost at the end of the period as well as assets that are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of impairment. 
 
 46 

Servicing asset, net December 31, 2023: Individually evaluated loans Servicing asset, net 
 
 Appraisals Discount to appraised value - 
 Appraisals, cash surrender value life insurance, securities, cash held as collateral Discounts to appraised value and securities value - 
 Discounted cash flows Discount rate - 
 Servicing asset, net Discounted cash flows Discount rate 
 Prepayment rate - 
 December 31, 2023: Individually evaluated loans Appraisals Discount to appraised value 
 Appraisals, cash surrender value life insurance, securities, cash held as collateral Discounts to appraised value and securities value - 
 Discounted cash flows Discount rate - 
 Servicing asset, net Discounted cash flows Discount rate 
 Prepayment rate - 

Individually evaluated loans : Loans are generally not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Periodically, the Company records nonrecurring adjustments to the carrying value of loans based on fair value measurements for partial charge-offs of the uncollectible portions of those loans. Nonrecurring adjustments also include certain impairment amounts for collateral-dependent loans calculated in accordance with ASC 310-10 when establishing the ACL-Loans. Such amounts are generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting the loan. Collateral is typically valued using appraisals or other 
 47 

13. 
 
 million fixed-to-floating rate subordinated note (the 2021 Note to an institutional accredited investor. The Company used the net proceeds to repay the million principal balance of subordinated notes issued in 2015. 
 
 The 2021 Note bears interest at a fixed rate of per year until October 14, 2026. Thereafter, the interest rate will reset quarterly at a variable rate equal to the then current three-month term SOFR plus basis points. The 2021 Note has a stated maturity of October 15, 2031 and is non-callable for . Beginning October 15, 2026, the Company may redeem the 2021 Note, in whole or in part, at its option. The 2021 Note is not redeemable at the option of the holder. The 2021 Note has been structured to qualify for the Company as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. 
 
 On August 19, 2022, the Company entered into a Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement with certain qualified institutional buyers, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2032 (the 2022 Notes in the aggregate principal amount of million. The Company used the net proceeds from the sale of the 2022 Notes for general corporate purposes. 
 
 The 2022 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of per year until August 31, 2027. Thereafter, the interest rate will reset quarterly at a variable rate equal to the then current three-month term SOFR plus basis points. The 2022 Notes have a stated maturity of September 1, 2032 and are non-callable for . Beginning August 19, 2027, the Company may redeem the 2022 Notes, in whole or in part, at its option. The 2022 Notes are not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. The 2022 Notes have been structured to qualify for the Company as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. 
 
 The Company incurred certain costs associated with the issuance of its subordinated debt. The Company capitalized these costs and they have been presented within subordinated debentures on the consolidated balance sheets. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, unamortized debt issuance costs were million and million, respectively. Debt issuance costs amortize over the expected life of the related debt. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 the amortization expense for debt issuance costs were thousand and thousand, respectively, and were recognized as an increase to interest expense on borrowings within the Consolidated Statements of Income. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amortization expense for debt issuance costs were thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 
 The Company recognized million and million in interest expense related to its subordinated debt for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recognized million and million in interest expense related to its subordinated debt for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

48 

14. 
 
 per share cash dividend, payable on November 22, 2024 to shareholders of record on November 11, 2024. 
 
 On October 28, 2024, the Company announced that on October 23, 2024, its Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase plan. Under the terms of the share repurchase plan, the Company is authorized to buy back up to shares of its outstanding common stock. 
 
 The Company intends to accomplish the share repurchases through open market transactions, though the Company could accomplish repurchases through other means, such as privately negotiated transactions. The timing, price and volume of repurchases will be based on market conditions, relevant securities laws (such as 10b-18 and 10b5-1 rules under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and other factors. The share repurchase plan does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and it may be modified or suspended at any time at the Company's discretion. The Company expects to fund any repurchases from cash on hand. 
 
 In connection with the authorization of the new plan, the Company terminated the existing plan (the "Prior Plan"), which was originally approved on December 19, 2018 and authorized the repurchase of shares of the Company s common stock. On October 27, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors voted to increase the number of shares authorized for repurchase under the Prior Plan by shares (for a total of shares of the Company's common stock). To date, the Company has purchased shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Prior Plan. 
 
 A million multifamily commercial real estate loan was placed on non-performing status as of September 30, 2024. As of November 6, 2024, the Company has a signed agreement for the sale of this loan at par value. As of September 30, 2024, this loan comprises of the nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans. 
 49 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 This section presents management s perspective on our financial condition and results of operations. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this report on Form 10-Q. To the extent that this discussion describes prior performance, the descriptions relate only to the periods listed, which may not be indicative of future financial outcomes. In addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause results to differ materially from management s expectations. Factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the Company s Form 10-K filed for the year ended December 31, 2023 in the sections titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. 

General 
 
 Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. is a bank holding company headquartered in New Canaan, Connecticut. Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Bankwell Bank, or the Bank, we serve small and medium-sized businesses and retail clients. We have a history of building long-term client relationships and attracting new clients through what we believe is out superior service and our ability to deliver a diverse product offering. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis presents our results of operations and financial condition on a consolidated basis. However, because we conduct all of our material business operations through the Bank, the discussion and analysis relates to activities primarily conducted at the Bank. 
 
 We generate most of our revenue from interest on loans and investments and fee-based revenues. Our primary source of funding for our loans is deposits. Our largest expenses are interest on deposits and salaries and related employee benefits. We measure our performance primarily through our net interest margin, efficiency ratio, ratio of ACL-Loans to total loans, return on average assets and return on average equity, among other metrics, while maintaining appropriate regulatory leverage and risk-based capital ratios. 

Executive Overview 
 
 We are focused on being the banking provider of choice and to serve as an alternative to our larger competitors. We aim to do this through: 
 
 Responsive, client-centric products and services; 
 
 Organic growth and strategic acquisitions when market opportunities present themselves; 
 
 Utilization of efficient and scalable infrastructure; and 
 
 Disciplined focus on risk management. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The discussion and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Actual results could differ from our current estimates, as a result of changing conditions and future events. We believe that accounting estimates related to the measurement of the ACL-Loans, the valuation of derivative instruments, investment securities and deferred income taxes, and the evaluation of investment securities for other than temporary impairment are particularly critical and susceptible to significant near-term change. 
 
 50 

Earnings and Performance Overview 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net interest income was 20.7 million, a decrease of 2.0 million or 8.7 when compared to the same period in 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net interest income was 63.1 million, a decrease of 9.1 million or 12.7 when compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease in net interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to an increase in interest expense partially offset by an increase in interest on loans due to higher overall loan yields. 
 
 Net income available to common shareholders was 1.9 million, or 0.24 per diluted share, and 9.8 million, or 1.25 per diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net income available to common shareholders was 6.8 million, or 0.86 per diluted share, and 28.1 million, or 3.58 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in the provision for credit losses and an increase in interest expense. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in interest on loans due to higher overall loan yields. 
 
 Returns on average shareholders' equity and average assets for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 2.83 and 0.24 , respectively, compared to 15.19 and 1.19 , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Returns on average shareholders' equity and average assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 3.35 and 0.29 , respectively, compared to 15.16 and 1.16 , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income is the difference between interest earned on loans, securities, and cash less interest paid on deposits and other borrowings, and is the primary source of our operating income. Net interest income is affected by the level of interest rates, changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. Included in interest income are certain loan fees, such as deferred origination fees and late charges. We convert tax-exempt income to a fully taxable equivalent ("FTE") basis using the statutory federal income tax rate adjusted for applicable state income taxes net of the related federal tax benefit. The average balances are principally daily averages. Interest income on loans includes the effect of deferred loan fees and costs accounted for as yield adjustments. Premium amortization and discount accretion are included in the respective interest income and interest expense amounts. 
 
 FTE net interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 20.8 million and 22.7 million, respectively. FTE net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 63.3 million and 72.4 million, respectively. 
 
 FTE interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 remained flat at 48.3 million, compared to FTE interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2023. FTE interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 5.2 million, or 3.7 , to 144.4 million, compared to FTE interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was due to an increase in interest and fees on loans due to higher overall loan yields. 
 
 Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1.9 million compared to interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 14.2 million compared to interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by an increase in rates on interest bearing deposits. 

51 

Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential 
 
 The following tables present the average balances and yields earned on interest earning assets and average balances and weighted average rates paid on our funding liabilities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average Balance Interest Yield/ 
 Rate (4) 
 Average Balance Interest Yield/ 
 Rate (4) 
 Assets: Cash and Fed funds sold 253,664 3,205 5.03 265,115 3,393 5.08 Securities (1) 
 147,431 1,390 3.78 127,229 953 3.00 Loans: Commercial real estate 1,905,506 28,288 5.81 1,943,725 28,140 5.67 Residential real estate 47,481 736 6.20 53,966 671 4.97 Construction 156,273 3,070 7.69 209,154 3,908 7.31 Commercial business 512,507 10,783 8.23 539,185 10,394 7.54 Consumer 41,845 719 6.84 44,020 741 6.66 Total loans 2,663,612 43,596 6.40 2,790,050 43,854 6.15 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 5,655 122 8.32 5,696 115 8.13 Total earning assets 3,070,362 48,313 6.16 3,188,090 48,315 5.93 Other assets 90,410 78,089 Total assets 3,160,772 3,266,179 Liabilities and shareholders' equity: Interest bearing liabilities: NOW 94,958 44 0.18 102,149 47 0.18 Money market 832,430 8,597 4.11 922,036 9,064 3.90 Savings 89,463 692 3.07 105,366 817 3.08 Time 1,347,857 16,246 4.79 1,322,074 13,861 4.16 Total interest bearing deposits 2,364,708 25,579 4.30 2,451,625 23,789 3.85 Borrowed Money 159,349 1,895 4.73 159,103 1,783 4.39 Total interest bearing liabilities 2,524,057 27,474 4.33 2,610,728 25,572 3.89 Noninterest bearing deposits 303,213 345,988 Other liabilities 62,602 54,136 Total liabilities 2,889,872 3,010,852 Shareholders' equity 270,900 255,327 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 3,160,772 3,266,179 Net interest income (2) 
 20,839 22,743 Interest rate spread 1.83 2.04 Net interest margin (3) 
 2.72 2.85 
 (1) Average balances and yields for securities are based on amortized cost. 
 (2) The adjustment for securities and loans taxable equivalency amounted to 122 thousand and 52 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Annualized net interest income as a percentage of earning assets. 
 (4) Yields are calculated using the contractual day count convention for each respective product type. 

52 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average Balance Interest Yield/ 
 Rate (4) 
 Average Balance Interest Yield/ 
 Rate (4) 
 Assets: Cash and Fed funds sold 273,138 10,460 5.12 281,033 9,983 4.75 Securities (1) 
 139,871 3,592 3.42 128,554 2,864 2.97 Loans: Commercial real estate 1,909,390 84,582 5.82 1,932,549 79,958 5.46 Residential real estate 48,912 2,226 6.07 56,798 1,957 4.59 Construction 158,884 8,913 7.37 194,396 10,582 7.18 Commercial business 517,880 32,097 8.14 546,329 32,073 7.74 Consumer 41,383 2,163 6.98 30,571 1,489 6.51 Total loans 2,676,449 129,981 6.38 2,760,643 126,059 6.02 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 5,670 357 8.43 5,527 308 7.46 Total earning assets 3,095,128 144,390 6.13 3,175,757 139,214 5.78 Other assets 92,249 66,342 Total assets 3,187,377 3,242,099 Liabilities and shareholders' equity: Interest bearing liabilities: NOW 97,970 133 0.18 97,741 127 0.17 Money market 849,860 26,294 4.13 910,840 23,532 3.45 Savings 91,135 2,093 3.07 117,984 2,404 2.72 Time 1,319,031 47,098 4.77 1,291,124 35,536 3.68 Total interest bearing deposits 2,357,996 75,618 4.28 2,417,689 61,599 3.41 Borrowed Money 159,288 5,450 4.57 161,166 5,238 4.29 Total interest bearing liabilities 2,517,284 81,068 4.30 2,578,855 66,837 3.47 Noninterest bearing deposits 336,129 374,943 Other liabilities 62,631 40,192 Total liabilities 2,916,044 2,993,990 Shareholders' equity 271,333 248,109 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 3,187,377 3,242,099 Net interest income (2) 
 63,322 72,377 Interest rate spread 1.83 2.31 Net interest margin (3) 
 2.73 3.04 
 (1) Average balances and yields for securities are based on amortized cost. 
 (2) The adjustment for securities and loans taxable equivalency amounted to 239 thousand and 154 thousand for the 
 nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Annualized net interest income as a percentage of earning assets. 
 (4) Yields are calculated using the contractual day count convention for each respective product type. 
 53 

Effect of changes in interest rates and volume of average earning assets and average interest bearing liabilities 
 
 The following table shows the extent to which changes in interest rates and changes in the volume of average earning assets and average interest bearing liabilities have affected net interest income. For each category of earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, information is provided relating to: changes in volume (changes in average balances multiplied by the prior year s average interest rates); changes in rates (changes in average interest rates multiplied by the prior year s average balances); and the total change. Changes attributable to both volume and rate have been allocated proportionately based on the relationship of the absolute dollar amount of change in each. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs 2023 Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs 2023 Increase (Decrease) (In thousands) Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total Interest and dividend income: Cash and Fed funds sold (145) (42) (187) (286) 763 477 Securities 166 273 439 266 461 727 Loans: Commercial real estate (559) 708 149 (968) 5,593 4,625 Residential real estate (87) 152 65 (298) 567 269 Construction (1,030) 191 (839) (1,978) 310 (1,668) Commercial business (531) 919 388 (1,713) 1,737 24 Consumer (37) 17 (20) 558 115 673 Total loans (2,244) 1,987 (257) (4,399) 8,322 3,923 Federal Home Loan Bank stock (1) 3 2 8 41 49 Total change in interest and dividend income (2,224) 2,221 (3) (4,411) 9,587 5,176 Interest expense: Deposits: NOW (3) 1 (2) 5 5 Money market (911) 444 (467) (1,654) 4,416 2,762 Savings (123) (2) (125) (591) 281 (310) Time 276 2,108 2,384 784 10,778 11,562 Total deposits (761) 2,551 1,790 (1,461) 15,480 14,019 Borrowed money 3 108 111 (62) 273 211 Total change in interest expense (758) 2,659 1,901 (1,523) 15,753 14,230 Change in net interest income (1,466) (438) (1,904) (2,888) (6,166) (9,054) 
 
 Provision (credit) for Credit Losses 
 
 The provision (credit) for credit losses is based on management s periodic assessment of the adequacy of our ACL-Loans and ACL-Unfunded Commitments which, in turn, is based on interrelated factors such as the composition of our loan portfolio and its inherent risk characteristics, the level of nonperforming loans and net charge-offs, both current and historic, local economic and credit conditions, the direction of real estate values, and regulatory guidelines. The provision (credit) for credit losses is charged against earnings in order to maintain our ACL-Loans and ACL-Unfunded Commitments and reflects management s best estimate of probable losses inherent in our loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. 
 
 The provision for credit losses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.3 million compared to a credit for credit losses of 1.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 18.2 million compared to a provision for credit losses of 1.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in the provision for credit losses for the quarter was primarily due to a charge-off of 8.2 million. The increase was partially offset by a 1.0 million recovery on a previously charged-off loan. 
 54 

The increase in provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven due to charge-offs of 20.1 million partially offset by recoveries of 1.3 million. 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 
 Noninterest income is a component of our revenue and is comprised primarily of fees generated from deposit relationships with our clients, fees generated from sales and referrals of loans, and income earned on bank-owned life insurance. 
 
 The following tables compare noninterest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Gains and fees from sales of loans 133 237 (104) (43.9) Bank-owned life insurance 346 303 43 14.2 Service charges and fees 575 294 281 95.6 Other 102 (48) 150 Favorable Total noninterest income 1,156 786 370 47.1 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Gains and fees from sales of loans 499 1,893 (1,394) (73.6) Bank-owned life insurance 1,008 876 132 15.1 Service charges and fees 1,374 941 433 46.0 Other (127) 3 (130) Unfavorable Total noninterest income 2,754 3,713 (959) (25.8) 
 Noninterest income increased by 0.4 million to 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Noninterest income decreased by 1.0 million to 2.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in noninterest income was driven by an increase in service charges and fees for the three months ended 2024. The decrease in noninterest income was driven by a decrease in SBA loan sales partially offset by an increase in service charges and fees for the nine months ended 2024. 
 
 55 

Noninterest Expense 
 
 The following tables compare noninterest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Salaries and employee benefits 6,223 6,036 187 3.1 Occupancy and equipment 2,334 2,146 188 8.8 Professional services 1,142 491 651 132.6 Data processing 851 741 110 14.8 Director fees 292 362 (70) (19.3) FDIC insurance 853 1,026 (173) (16.9) Marketing 73 184 (111) (60.3) Other 1,097 1,219 (122) (10.0) Total noninterest expense 12,865 12,205 660 5.4 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Salaries and employee benefits 18,690 18,507 183 1.0 Occupancy and equipment 6,894 6,434 460 7.1 Professional services 3,196 2,505 691 27.6 Data processing 2,346 2,141 205 9.6 Director fees 1,498 1,207 291 24.1 FDIC insurance 2,488 3,138 (650) (20.7) Marketing 277 512 (235) (45.9) Other 3,018 3,093 (75) (2.4) Total noninterest expense 38,407 37,537 870 2.3 
 Noninterest expense increased by 0.7 million to 12.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Noninterest expense increased by 0.9 million to 38.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in noninterest expense was primarily driven by an increase in professional services for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Income Taxes 
 
 Income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled 0.8 million and 3.1 million, respectively. The effective tax rates for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 29.0 and 23.9 , respectively. Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled 2.5 million and 8.4 million, respectively. The effective tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 26.6 and 23.1 , respectively. 

Financial Condition 
 
 Summary 
 
 Assets totaled 3.2 billion at September 30, 2024 a decrease of 54.4 million or 1.7 compared to December 31, 2023. Gross loans totaled 2.6 billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 95.4 million or 3.5 compared to December 31, 2023. Deposits totaled 2.7 billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 48.6 million, or 1.8 compared to December 31, 2023. 
 
 56 

Shareholders equity totaled 267.9 million as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 2.2 million compared to December 31, 2023, primarily a result of net income of 6.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was partially offset by dividends paid of 4.7 million. 
 
 Loan Portfolio 
 
 We originate commercial real estate loans, construction loans, commercial business loans and consumer loans in our market. We also pursue certain types of commercial lending opportunities outside our market, particularly where we have strong business relationships. Our loan portfolio is the largest category of our earning assets. 
 
 Total loans before deferred loan fees and the ACL-Loans were 2.6 billion at September 30, 2024 and 2.7 billion at December 31, 2023. Total gross loans decreased 95.4 million as of September 30, 2024 compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 The following table compares the composition of our loan portfolio for the dates indicated: 
 (In thousands) At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Change Real estate loans: Residential 45,553 50,931 (5,378) Commercial 1,887,942 1,947,648 (59,706) Construction 160,292 183,414 (23,122) 2,093,787 2,181,993 (88,206) Commercial business 490,292 500,569 (10,277) Consumer 39,126 36,045 3,081 Total loans 2,623,205 2,718,607 (95,402) 
 
 The following table compares the composition of our commercial real estate loan portfolio by non-owner occupied and owner occupied loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 At September 30, 2024 
 At December 31, 2023 
 Change Total Total Total (Dollars in thousands) Commercial real estate loans: Non-owner occupied 1,204,008 63.8 1,228,126 63.1 (24,118) Owner occupied 682,734 36.2 718,780 36.9 (36,046) Total commercial real estate loans (1) 
 1,886,742 100.0 1,946,906 100.0 (60,164) 
 (1) Excl udes the positive fair value effect of the portfolio layer swap of 1,200 thousand and the positive fair value effect of the portfolio layer swap of 742 thousand for Commercial Real Estate at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 57 

The following table compares the composition of our commercial real estate loan portfolio by property type, and collateral location as of September 30, 2024: 
 Commercial Real Estate CT All Other NY NYC NJ FL OH PA All Other Total (1) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Residential care (2) 
 69,143 40,565 22,160 279,919 79,338 23,152 117,295 631,572 Retail 120,457 84,590 7,406 19,436 17,078 3,474 34,463 90,757 377,661 Multifamily 172,779 31,050 51,721 7,139 21,938 284,627 Office 61,476 10,300 2,997 25,490 2,250 12 63,533 166,058 Industrial / warehouse 69,564 14,203 19,735 17,116 2,738 15,466 138,822 Mixed use 39,513 1,128 50,246 90,887 Medical office 40,708 12,324 1,425 4,126 4,805 3,888 18,236 85,512 1-4 family investment 12,224 14,508 1,899 2,774 17,234 48,639 All other (3) 
 19,832 19,938 23,194 62,964 536,553 257,184 199,188 98,241 319,219 87,617 83,453 305,287 1,886,742 
 (1) Excludes the positive fair value effect of the portfolio layer swap of 1,200 thousand for Commercial Real Estate at September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Primarily consists of skilled nursing and assisted living facilities. 
 (3) Includes Special use, self storage, and land. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Bank had 166.1 million of loans collateralized by offices, which represented 6.3 of the total loan portfolio. Most of the properties in this portfolio are in suburban locations. 96.7 of this portfolio was pass rated, and there were two relationships totaling 5.5 million on nonaccrual status. As of September 30, 2024, we had 284.6 million of loans collateralized by multifamily properties, which represented 10.9 of the total loan portfolio. These properties are all located in Connecticut, New York, Pennsylvania, or New Jersey, with nine properties, totaling 51.7 million, located in New York City. 78.9 of the New York City exposure is located in Brooklyn, 11.6 in Manhattan and the remaining 9.5 in Queens. 
 The following table presents an analysis of the commercial real estate portfolio's loan to value at origination and by property type as of September 30, 2024. 
 Commercial Real Estate Total CRE Portfolio (1) 
 Percentage of Total CRE Portfolio Loan to Value (Dollars in thousands) Property Type Residential care (2) 
 631,572 33.5 60.7 Retail 377,661 20.0 59.7 Multifamily 284,627 15.1 64.1 Office 166,058 8.8 59.9 Industrial / warehouse 138,822 7.4 59.6 Mixed use 90,887 4.8 60.7 Medical office 85,512 4.5 64.5 1-4 family investment 48,639 2.6 60.8 All other (3) 
 62,964 3.3 62.1 Total 1,886,742 100.0 61.1 
 (1) Excludes the positive fair value effect of the portfolio layer swap of 1,200 thousand for Commercial Real Estate at September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Primarily consists of skilled nursing and assisted living facilities. 
 (3) Includes Special use, self storage, and land. 
 58 

Asset Quality 
 
 We actively manage asset quality through our underwriting practices and collection operations. Our Board of Directors monitors credit risk management. The Directors Loan Committee ("DLC") has primary oversight responsibility for the credit-granting function including approval authority for credit-granting policies, review of management s credit-granting activities and approval of large exposure credit requests, as well as loan review and problem loan management and resolution. The committee reports the results of its respective oversight functions to our Board of Directors. In addition, our Board of Directors receives information concerning asset quality measurements and trends on a monthly basis. While we continue to adhere to prudent underwriting standards, our loan portfolio is not immune to potential negative consequences as a result of general economic weakness, such as a prolonged downturn in the housing market or commercial real estate market on a national scale. Decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value of property used as collateral for loans. In addition, adverse changes in the economy could have a negative effect on the ability of borrowers to make scheduled loan payments, which would likely have an adverse impact on earnings. 
 
 The Company has established credit policies applicable to each type of lending activity in which it engages. The Company evaluates the creditworthiness of each client and extends credit of up to 80 of the market value of the collateral, (85 maximum for owner occupied commercial real estate), depending on the client's creditworthiness and the type of collateral. The client s ability to service the debt is monitored on an ongoing basis. Real estate is the primary form of collateral. Other important forms of collateral are business assets, time deposits and marketable securities. While collateral provides assurance as a secondary source of repayment, the Company ordinarily requires the primary source of repayment for commercial loans to be based on the client s ability to generate continuing cash flows. The Company does not provide first or second consumer mortgage loans secured by residential properties but has a small legacy portfolio which continues to amortize, pay off due to the sale of the collateral, or refinance away from the Company. 
 
 Credit risk management involves a partnership between our relationship managers and our credit approval, portfolio management, credit administration and collections departments. Disciplined underwriting, portfolio monitoring and early problem recognition are important aspects of maintaining our high credit quality standards and low levels of nonperforming assets since our inception in 2002. 
 
 Nonperforming assets . Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans and property acquired through foreclosures or repossession. The following table presents nonperforming assets and additional asset quality data for the dates indicated: 
 (In thousands) At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Nonaccrual loans: Real estate loans: Residential 1,316 1,386 Commercial 46,360 23,009 Commercial business 9,101 15,430 Construction 8,766 9,382 Consumer Total nonaccrual loans 65,543 49,207 Other real estate owned Total nonperforming assets 65,543 49,207 Nonperforming assets to total assets 2.07 1.53 Nonaccrual loans to total gross loans 2.50 1.81 ACL-loans as a of total loans 1.06 1.03 ACL-loans as a of nonperforming loans 42.34 56.79 Total past due loans to total gross loans 2.48 0.78 
 Nonperforming assets totale d 65.5 million and represented 2.07 of total assets at September 30, 2024, compared to 49.2 million and 1.53 of total assets at December 31, 2023. Nonaccrual loans totaled 65.5 million at September 30, 2024 and 49.2 million at December 31, 2023. Nonaccrual loans were 56.2 million as of June 30, 2024. The increase in nonaccrual loans compared to June 30, 2024 was primarily due to a 27.1 million 1 commercial real estate multi-family loan that was placed on nonaccrual in the third quarter of 2024. The increase was partially offset by two loans that were partially charged-off for a total of 15.4 million and two loans that were paid off totaling 4.7 million in the third quarter of 2024. 
 59 

1. As of November 6, 2024, the Company has a signed agreement for the sale of this loan at par value. As of September 30, 2024, this loan comprises 1.03 of the 2.50 nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans. 
 There was no Other Real Estate Owned ("OREO") at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 ACL-Loans 
 
 We evaluate the adequacy of the ACL-Loans based on "forward looking" expected losses. Management believes that the current ACL-Loans will be adequate to absorb credit losses on existing loans that may become uncollectible based on the evaluation of known and inherent risks in the loan portfolio. The evaluation takes into consideration such factors as changes in the nature and size of the portfolio, overall portfolio quality and specific problem loans, and current economic conditions which may affect the borrowers ability to pay. The evaluation also details historical losses by loan segment and the resulting credit loss rates which are projected for current loan total amounts. Loss estimates for specified problem loans are also detailed. All of the factors considered in the analysis of the adequacy of the ACL-Loans may be subject to change. 
 
 We estimate losses on specific loans, or groups of loans, where the probable loss can be identified and reasonably determined. The balance of our ACL-Loans is based on internally assigned risk classifications of loans, the Bank s and peer banks historical loss experience, changes in the nature of the loan portfolio, overall portfolio quality, industry concentrations, delinquency trends, current economic factors and the estimated impact of current economic conditions on certain historical loan loss rates. 
 
 Our general practice is to identify problem credits early and recognize full or partial charge-offs as promptly as practicable when it is determined that it is probable that the loan will not be repaid according to its original contractual terms, including principal and interest. Full or partial charge-offs on collateral dependent individually evaluated loans are recognized when the collateral is deemed to be insufficient to support the carrying value of the loan. We do not recognize a recovery when an updated appraisal indicates a subsequent increase in value of the collateral. 
 
 Our charge-off policies, which comply with standards established by our banking regulators, are consistently applied from period to period. Charge-offs are recorded on a monthly basis, as incurred. Partially charged-off loans continue to be evaluated on a monthly basis and additional charge-offs may be recorded on the remaining loan balance based on the same criteria. 
 
 60 

The following table presents the activity in our ACL-Loans and related ratios for the dates indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Balance at beginning of period 36,083 30,694 27,946 22,431 CECL Day 1 Adjustment 5,079 Balance at beginning of period-Adjusted 36,083 30,694 27,946 27,510 Charge-offs: Residential real estate (141) Commercial real estate (8,184) (12,012) Commercial business (7,010) (7,207) (439) Consumer (17) (32) (78) (69) Construction (616) (616) Total charge-offs (15,827) (32) (20,054) (508) Recoveries: Residential real estate 141 Commercial real estate 1,013 1,126 Commercial business (34) 35 (7) 68 Consumer 1 20 18 35 Construction Total recoveries 980 55 1,278 103 Net (charge-offs) recoveries (14,847) 23 (18,776) (405) Provision (credit) for credit losses - loans 6,516 (1,433) 18,582 2,179 Balance at end of period 27,752 29,284 27,752 29,284 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.56 0.70 0.01 ACL-Loans to total gross loans 1.06 1.06 1.06 1.06 
 
 At September 30, 2024 , our ACL-Loans was 27.8 million and represented 1.06 of total gross loans, compared to 27.9 million, or 1.03 of total gross loans, at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The following table presents the allocation of the ACL-Loans balance and the related allocation percentage of these loans across the total loan portfolio: 
 At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) ACL-Loans Amount ACL-Loan Percentage Loan Segment to Total Loans Percentage ACL-Loans ACL-Loan Percentage Loan Segment to Total Loans Percentage Residential real estate 102 0.38 1.74 149 0.53 1.87 Commercial real estate 21,978 79.19 71.97 20,950 74.97 71.64 Construction 1,605 5.78 6.11 1,699 6.08 6.75 Commercial business 3,520 12.68 18.69 4,562 16.32 18.41 Consumer 547 1.97 1.49 586 2.10 1.33 Total ACL-Loans 27,752 100.00 100.00 27,946 100.00 100.00 
 
 The allocation of the ACL-Loans at September 30, 2024 reflects our assessment of credit risk and probable loss within each portfolio. We believe that the level of the ACL-Loans at September 30, 2024 is appropriate to cover probable losses. 
 61 

ACL- Unfunded Commitments 
 
 The ACL-Unfunded Commitments provision is based on "forward looking" losses inherent with funding the unused portion of legal commitments to lend. The reserve for unfunded credit commitments is included within other liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the ACL-Unfunded Commitments are reported as a component of the Provision for credit losses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Investment Securities 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the carrying value of our investment securities portfolio totaled 145.9 million and represented 4.6 of total assets, compared to 127.6 million, or 4.0 of total assets, at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The net unrealized loss position on our investment portfolio at September 30, 2024 was 2.4 million and included gross unrealized gains of 3.0 million. The net unrealized loss position on our investment portfolio at December 31, 2023 was 7.5 million and included gross unrealized gains of 0.8 million. 
 
 Deposit Activities and Other Sources of Funds 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Percent Amount Percent Noninterest bearing demand 295,552 11.00 346,172 12.65 NOW 76,413 2.84 90,829 3.32 Money market 840,234 31.26 887,352 32.42 Savings 87,212 3.24 97,331 3.56 Time 1,388,760 51.66 1,315,073 48.05 Total deposits 2,688,171 100.00 2,736,757 100.00 
 
 Total deposits were 2.7 billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 48.6 million, from the balance at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Brokered certificates of deposits totaled 730.6 million at September 30, 2024 and 860.5 million at December 31, 2023. There were no certificates of deposits from national listing services at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Brokered money market accounts totaled 52.9 million at September 30, 2024 and 91.4 million at December 31, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our FDIC insured deposits were 2.0 billion, or 75 of total deposits. Additionally, 116.1 million of deposits, or 4 of total deposits, are insured by standby letters of credit with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, time deposits with a denomination of 100 thousand or more, including CDARS and brokered deposits, totaled 1.2 billion and 1.2 billion, respectively, maturing during the periods indicated in the table below: 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Maturing: Within 3 months 378,970 343,084 After 3 but within 6 months 345,715 317,534 After 6 months but within 1 year 479,694 244,472 After 1 year 19,138 294,641 Total 1,223,517 1,199,731 
 
 We utilize advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, or FHLB, as part of our overall funding strategy and to meet short-term liquidity needs, and to a lesser degree, manage interest rate risk arising from the difference in asset and liability maturities. Total FHLB advances were 90.0 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 62 

The Bank has additional borrowing capacity at the FHLB up to a certain percentage of the value of qualified collateral. In accordance with agreements with the FHLB, the qualified collateral must be free and clear of liens, pledges and encumbrances. At September 30, 2024, the Bank had pledged 762.8 million of eligi ble loans as collateral to support borrowing capacity at the FHLB of Boston. As of September 30, 2024, the Bank had immediate availability to borrow an additional 280.0 million based on qualified collateral. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 , the Bank had a secured borrowing line with the FRB, a letter of credit with the FHLB, and unsecured lines of credit with Zions Bank, Pacific Coast Bankers Bank ("PCBB"), and Atlantic Community Bankers Bank ("ACBB"). The total borrowing line, letter, or line of credit and the amount outstanding at September 30, 2024 is summarized below: 
 September 30, 2024 Total Letter or Line of Credit Total Outstanding (Dollars in thousands) FRB 739,927 FHLB 479,863 199,852 Zions Bank 45,000 PCBB 38,000 ACBB 12,000 Total 1,314,790 199,852 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity Management 
 
 Liquidity is defined as the ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet all present and future funding requirements at reasonable costs. Our primary source of liquidity is deposits. While our generally preferred funding strategy is to attract and retain low cost deposits, our ability to do so is affected by competitive interest rates and terms in the marketplace. Other sources of funding include discretionary use of purchased liabilities (e.g., FHLB term advances and other borrowings), cash flows from our investment securities portfolios, loan sales, loan repayments and earnings. Investment securities designated as available for sale may also be sold in response to short-term or long-term liquidity needs. 
 
 The Bank s liquidity positions are monitored daily by management. The Asset Liability Committee ("ALCO") establishes guidelines to ensure maintenance of prudent levels of liquidity. ALCO reports to the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 The Bank has a detailed liquidity funding policy and a contingency funding plan that provide for the prompt and comprehensive response to unexpected demands for liquidity. We employ a stress testing methodology to estimate needs for contingent funding that could result from unexpected outflows of funds in excess of business as usual cash flows. The Bank has established unsecured borrowing capacity with Zions Bank, PCBB, and ACBB. The Bank also maintains additional collateralized borrowing capacity with the FRB and the FHLB in excess of levels used in the ordinary course of business. Our sources of liquidity include cash, unpledged investment securities, borrowings from the FRB, FHLB, lines of credit from Zions Bank, PCBB, and ACBB, the brokered deposit market and national CD listing services. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 
 Shareholders equity totaled 267.9 million as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 2.2 million compared to December 31, 2023, primarily a result of net income of 6.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was partially offset by dividends paid of 4.7 million. 
 
 The Bank and Company are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements. At September 30, 2024, the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject and exceeded the regulatory minimum capital levels to be considered well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. At September 30, 2024, the Bank s ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets was 11.80 , total capital to risk-weighted assets was 12.83 , Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets was 11.80 and Tier 1 capital to average assets was 10.24 . At September 30, 2024, the Company met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject and exceeded the regulatory minimum capital levels to be considered well-capitalized under th e regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. At September 30, 2024, 
 63 

the Company s ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets was 9.70 , total capital to risk-weighted assets was 13.26 , Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets was 9.70 and Tier 1 capital to average assets was 8.44 . 
 
 Under the current guidelines, banking organizations must have a minimum total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 , a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 , a minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.5 , and a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 in order to be "adequately capitalized." In addition to these requirements, banking organizations must maintain a capital conservation buffer consisting of common Tier 1 equity in an amount above the minimum risk-based capital requirements for adequately capitalized institutions equal to 2.5 of total risk-weighted assets, resulting in a requirement for the Company and the Bank to effectively maintain common equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and total capital ratios of 7.0 , 8.5 and 10.5 , respectively. The Company and the Bank must maintain the capital conservation buffer to avoid restrictions on the ability to pay dividends, pay discretionary bonuses, or to engage in share repurchases. 

Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We measure interest rate risk using simulation analysis to calculate earnings and equity at risk. These risk measures are quantified using simulation software from one of the leading firms in the field of asset/liability modeling. Key assumptions relate to the behavior of interest rates and spreads, prepayment speeds and the run-off of deposits. From such simulations, interest rate risk, or IRR, is quantified and appropriate strategies are formulated and implemented. We model IRR by using two primary risk measurement techniques: simulation of net interest income and simulation of economic value of equity. These two measurements are complementary and provide both short-term and long-term risk profiles for the Company. Because both baseline simulations assume that our balance sheet will remain static over the simulation horizon, the results do not reflect adjustments in strategy that ALCO could implement in response to rate shifts. The simulation analyses are updated quarterly. 
 
 We use a net interest income at risk simulation to measure the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in market rates. This simulation captures underlying product behaviors, such as asset and liability repricing dates, balloon dates, interest rate indices and spreads, rate caps and floors, as well as other behavioral attributes. The simulation of net interest income also requires a number of key assumptions such as: (i) prepayment projections for loans and securities that are projected under each interest rate scenario using internal and external mortgage analytics; (ii) new business loan rates that are based on recent new business origination experience; and (iii) deposit pricing assumptions for non-maturity deposits reflecting the Bank s history, management judgment and core deposit studies. Combined, these assumptions can be inherently uncertain, and as a result, actual results may differ from simulation forecasts due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, future business conditions, as well as unanticipated changes in management strategies. 
 
 We use two sets of standard scenarios to measure net interest income at risk. For the Parallel Ramp Scenarios, rate changes are ramped over a twelve-month horizon based upon a parallel yield curve shift and then maintained at those levels over the remainder of the simulation horizon. Parallel Shock Scenarios assume instantaneous parallel movements in the yield curve compared to a flat yield curve scenario. Simulation analysis involves projecting a future balance sheet structure and interest income and expense under the various rate scenarios. Internal policy regarding internal rate risk simulations currently specifies that for instantaneous parallel shifts of the yield curve, estimated net interest income at risk for the subsequent one-year period should not decline by more than: 6 for a 100 basis point shift; 12 for a 200 basis point shift; and 18 for a 300 basis point shift. Per Company policy, the Bank should not be outside these limits for twelve consecutive months unless the Bank's forecasted capital ratios are considered to be "well capitalized". As of September 30, 2024, the Bank has met all minimum regulatory capital requirements to be considered "well capitalized". 
 
 64 

The following tables set forth the estimated percentage change in our net interest income at risk over one-year simulation periods beginning September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 Parallel Ramp Estimated Percent Change in Net Interest Income Rate Changes (basis points) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 -100 1.00 1.70 +200 (2.20) (3.20) 

Parallel Shock Estimated Percent Change in Net Interest Income Rate Changes (basis points) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 -100 0.50 3.60 +100 (1.00) (2.70) +200 (2.10) (5.80) +300 (2.70) (8.10) 
 
 The net interest income at risk simulation results indicate that, as of September 30, 2024, we remain liability sensitive. The liability sensitivity is due to the fact that there are more liabilities than assets subject to repricing as market rates change. 
 
 We conduct an economic value of equity at risk simulation in tandem with net interest income simulations, to ascertain a longer term view of our interest rate risk position by capturing longer-term repricing risk and options risk embedded in the balance sheet. It measures the sensitivity of economic value of equity to changes in interest rates. The economic value of equity at risk simulation values only the current balance sheet and does not incorporate the growth assumptions used in one of the income simulations. As with the net interest income simulation, this simulation captures product characteristics such as loan resets, repricing terms, maturity dates, rate caps and floors. Key assumptions include loan prepayment speeds, deposit pricing elasticity and non-maturity deposit attrition rates. These assumptions can have significant impacts on valuation results as the assumptions remain in effect for the entire life of each asset and liability. All key assumptions are subject to a periodic review. 
 
 Base case economic value of equity at risk is calculated by estimating the net present value of all future cash flows from existing assets and liabilities using current interest rates. The base case scenario assumes that future interest rates remain unchanged. 
 
 The following table sets forth the estimated percentage change in our economic value of equity at risk, assuming various shifts in interest rates: 
 Estimated Percent Change in Economic Value of Equity ("EVE") Rate Changes (basis points) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 -100 2.50 2.70 +100 (3.30) (3.80) +200 (7.80) (9.40) +300 (10.80) (12.60) 
 
 While ALCO reviews and updates simulation assumptions and also periodically back-tests the simulation results to ensure that the assumptions are reasonable and current, income simulation may not always prove to be an accurate indicator of interest rate risk or future net interest margin. Over time, the repricing, maturity and prepayment characteristics of financial instruments and the composition of our balance sheet may change to a different degree than estimated. ALCO recognizes that deposit balances could shift into higher yielding alternatives as market rates change. ALCO has modeled increased costs of deposits in the rising rate simulation scenarios presented above. 
 
 65 

It should be noted that the static balance sheet assumption does not necessarily reflect our expectation for future balance sheet growth, which is a function of the business environment and client behavior. Another significant simulation assumption is the sensitivity of core deposits to fluctuations in interest rates. Income simulation results assume that changes in both core savings deposit rates and balances are related to changes in short-term interest rates. Lastly, mortgage-backed securities and mortgage loans involve a level of risk that unforeseen changes in prepayment speeds may cause related cash flows to vary significantly in differing rate environments. Such changes could affect the level of reinvestment risk associated with cash flow from these instruments, as well as their market value. Changes in prepayment speeds could also increase or decrease the amortization of premium or accretion of discounts related to such instruments, thereby affecting interest income. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 
 Interest rate risk management is our primary market risk. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk herein for a discussion of our management of our interest rate risk. 
 
 Impact of Inflation 
 
 Our financial statements and related data contained in this quarterly report have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires the measure of financial position and operating results in terms of historic dollars, without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. 
 
 Inflation generally increases the costs of funds and operating overhead, and to the extent loans and other assets bear variable rates, the yields on such assets. Unlike the assets and liabilities of most industrial companies, virtually all of the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates generally have a more significant effect on the performance of a financial institution than the effects of general levels of inflation. In addition, inflation affects a financial institution s cost of goods and services purchased, the cost of salaries and benefits, occupancy expense and similar items. Inflation and related increases in interest rates generally decrease the market value of investments and loans held and may adversely affect liquidity, earnings and shareholders equity. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures: 
 
 The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period reported on in this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to the Company (including its consolidated subsidiary) required to be included in the Company s periodic SEC filings. 
 
 (b) Change in internal controls: 
 
 There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company and the Bank are periodically involved in various legal proceedings as normal incident to their businesses. In the opinion of management, no material loss is expected from any such pending lawsuit. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There were no material changes in risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC. 
 66 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table includes information with respect to repurchases of the Company s Common Stock during the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 under the Company s share repurchase program. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) (c) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 9,670 23.86 9,670 64,198 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 64,198 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 64,198 Total 9,670 23.86 9,670 
 
 (1) On December 19, 2018, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program ("Prior Plan") of up to 400,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock. On October 27, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 200,000 shares under the Prior Plan. To date, the Company has purchased 535,802 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Prior Plan. 
 
 On October 28, 2024, the Company announced that on October 23, 2024, its Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase plan ("New Plan"). Under the terms of the New Plan, the Company is authorized to purchase up to 250,000 shares of its outstanding common stock. In connection with the authorization of the New Plan, the Company terminated the Prior Plan. 
 
 The Company intends to accomplish the share repurchases through open market transactions, although the Company could accomplish repurchases through other means, such as privately negotiated transactions. The timing, price and volume of repurchases will be based on market conditions, relevant securities laws (such as 10b-18 and 10b5-1 rules under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and other factors. The New Plan does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and it may be modified or suspended at any time at the Company's discretion. The Company expects to fund any repurchases from cash on hand. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 None. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 67 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith: 
 31.1 Certification of Christopher R. Gruseke pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 31.2 Certification of Courtney E. Sacchetti pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 32 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following materials from Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2023, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss); (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatting in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Christopher R. Gruseke Christopher R. Gruseke President and Chief Executive Officer Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Courtney E. Sacchetti Courtney E. Sacchetti Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 68 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bwfg09302024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Christopher R. Gruseke certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 6, 2024 
 s Christopher R. Gruseke Christopher R. Gruseke President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 bwfg09302024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Courtney E. Sacchetti certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 6, 2024 
 s Courtney E. Sacchetti Courtney E. Sacchetti Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 bwfg09302024ex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 The undersigned, Christopher R. Gruseke and Courtney E. Sacchetti hereby jointly certify as follows 
 
 They are the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. (the Company 
 
 To the best of their knowledge, the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report complies in all material respects with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 To the best of their knowledge, based upon a review of the Report, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Christopher R. Gruseke Christopher R. Gruseke President and Chief Executive Officer Date November 6, 2024 

s Courtney E. Sacchetti Courtney E. Sacchetti Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date November 6, 2024 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 12 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 bwfg-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 bwfg-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 bwfg-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 bwfg-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bwfg-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

