<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1053691_0001437749-24-034344.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5257927</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105263</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>962700</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1511309</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1305613</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1255473</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-24-034344.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112084409
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-24-034344
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CervoMed Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001053691
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				300645032
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37942
		FILM NUMBER:		241443816

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 PARK PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 424
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 744-4400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 PARK PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 424
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Diffusion Pharmaceuticals Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RestorGenex Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140307

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Stratus Media Group, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080722

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-24-034344.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 crvo20240930_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

crvo20240930_10q.htm 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

 (Mark one) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ______________. 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

) 

 (Registrant s telephone number including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

NASDAQ Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The number of shares of common stock outstanding at November 7, 2024 was shares. 

CervoMed Inc. 

Page No. 

Part I 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

1 

Item 1: 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1 

Item 2: 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

20 

Item 3: 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

30 

Item 4: 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

30 

Part II 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

31 

Item 1: 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

31 

Item 1A: 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

32 

Item 2: 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

31 

Item 3: 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

31 

Item 4: 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

31 

Item 5: 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

31 

Item 6: 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

32 

Signatures 

i

INTRODUCTORY NOTES 

Note Regarding Company References and Other Defined Terms 

As previously disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2023, on August 16, 2023, the Delaware corporation formerly known as Diffusion Pharmaceuticals Inc. completed a merger transaction in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 30, 2023 (the Merger Agreement by and among Diffusion Pharmaceuticals Inc. Diffusion ), Dawn Merger Sub Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Diffusion Merger Sub ), and EIP Pharma, Inc. EIP ), pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into EIP, with EIP surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Diffusion (the Merger ). At the Effective Time (as defined below), each outstanding share of EIP capital stock was converted into the right to receive 0.1151 shares of the Company's common stock and, immediately following the Effective Time, Diffusion changed its name from Diffusion Pharmaceuticals Inc. to CervoMed Inc. 

For accounting purposes, the Merger is treated as a reverse recapitalization under US GAAP and EIP is considered the accounting acquirer. Accordingly, EIP s historical results of operations are deemed the Company s historical results of operations for all periods prior to the Merger and, for all periods following the Merger, the results of operations of the combined company will be included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Following the completion of the Merger, the business conducted by the Company became primarily the business conducted by EIP prior to the Merger. 

Accordingly, unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Quarterly Report to (i) CervoMed, the Company, we, our, or us, refer to the business of EIP for all dates and periods prior to August 16, 2023 and to the business of CervoMed for all dates and periods subsequent to (and including) August 16, 2023 and (ii) common stock refers to the common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company. Historical share and per share figures of EIP have been retroactively restated based upon the Exchange Ratio of 0.1151. 

We have also used several other defined terms in this Quarterly Report, many of which are explained or defined below: 

Term 

Definition 

2015 Equity Plan 

CervoMed Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 

2018 Plan 

CervoMed Inc. 2018 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 

2020 Notes 

the previously outstanding convertible promissory notes of EIP, dated as of December 4, 2020, as amended 

2021 Notes 

the previously outstanding convertible promissory notes of EIP, dated as of December 10, 2021, as amended 

2022 Sales Agreement 

our At-The-Market Sales Agreement, dated July 22, 2022, with BTIG, as agent, which was terminated in October 2024 

2024 Private Placement 

our private placement of an aggregate of 2,532,285 units, each consisting of (i) (A) one share of common stock or (B) one Pre-Funded Warrant in lieu thereof and (ii) one Series A Warrant, for aggregate gross proceeds of up to approximately 149.4 million, completed on April 1, 2024 

401(k) Plan 

CervoMed Inc. 401(k) Defined Contribution Plan 

Annual Report 

our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024 

ASC 

Accounting Standard Codification of the FASB 

AscenD-LB Trial 

our Phase 2a clinical trial evaluating neflamapimod for the treatment of patients with DLB, completed in the second half of 2021 

ASU 

Accounting Standards Update 

BID 

twice daily 

BFC 

basal forebrain cholinergic 

ii

Board 

the board of directors of the Company 

BTIG 

BTIG LLC 

CDR-SB 

Clinical Dementia Rating Sum of Boxes test 

CMO 

contract manufacturing organization 

CNS 

central nervous system 

Code 

the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 

Convertible Notes 

collectively, the 2020 Notes and the 2021 Notes 

CRO 

contract research organization 

DLB 

dementia with Lewy bodies 

Early-Stage DLB 
			 
			 DLB which has not progressed to a point where the patient has imaging or biomarker evidence of tau pathology or neuronal loss in the medial temporal lobe 

Effective Time 

the effective time of the Merger on August 16, 2023 

EIP Common Stock 

the common stock, par value 0.001, of EIP issued and outstanding prior to the Merger 

Exchange Act 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

Exchange Ratio 

the Exchange Ratio as defined in the Merger Agreement 

FASB 

Financial Accounting Standards Board 

FDA 

U.S. Food and Drug Administration 

FTD 

frontotemporal dementia 

G A 

general and administrative 

MoCA 

the Montreal Cognitive Assessment 

Nasdaq 

Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC 

NIA 

the National Institute on Aging of the National Institutes of Health 

NIA Grant 

the 21.3 million grant awarded to us by the NIA to support the RewinD-LB Trial, 21.0 million of which was awarded in January 2023 and an additional 0.3 million of which was awarded in August 2024 

NIH 

National Institutes of Health 

NOL 

net operating loss 

p38 

p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase alpha 

Pre-Funded Warrants 

the pre-funded warrants each to purchase one share of common stock at a purchase price of 0.001 per share issued in connection with the 2024 Private Placement 

ptau181 

plasma phosphorylated tau at position 181 

R D 

research and development 

Regulation S-K 

Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act 

RestorGenex 
			 RestorGenex Corporation, a legal predecessor to the Company prior to a reverse merger transaction consummated in January 2016 

RewinD-LB Trial 

our Phase 2b clinical trial evaluating neflamapimod for the treatment of patients with Early-Stage DLB initiated in the second quarter of 2023 

ROU 

right-of-use 

SEC 

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 

Securities Act 

Securities Act of 1933, as amended 

Series A Warrants 

the warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,532,285 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 39.24 per share issued in connection with the 2024 Private Placement 

TID 

three times daily 

TUG 

Timed Up and Go test 

U.S. 

United States of America 

US GAAP 

U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 

Vertex 

Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated 

Vertex Agreement 

the Option and License Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2012, by and between EIP Pharma LLC and Vertex, as amended 

iii

Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report (including, for purposes of this Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, any information or documents incorporated herein by reference) includes express and implied forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events, competitive dynamics and industry change, and depend on the economic circumstances that may or may not occur in the future or may occur on longer or shorter timelines than anticipated. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Quarterly Report, we caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and prospects may differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and prospects are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report, they may not be predictive of actual results or reflect unanticipated developments in future periods. 

Forward-looking statements appear in a number of places throughout this Quarterly Report. We may, in some cases, use terms such as believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, plans, aims, seeks, intends, may, might, could, will, should, approximately, potential, target, project, contemplate, predict, forecast, continue, or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs, projections, outlook, analyses or expectations concerning, among other things: 

our cash balances and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future; 

the success and timing of our ongoing RewinD-LB Trial and our other clinical and preclinical studies, including our ability to enroll subjects in our studies at anticipated rates and our ability to manufacture an adequate amount of drug supply for our studies 

obtaining and maintaining intellectual property protection for our current or future product candidates and our proprietary technology 

the performance of third parties, including contract research organizations, manufacturers, suppliers, and outside consultants, to whom we outsource certain operational, staff and other functions 

our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our current or future product candidates and, if approved, our products, including the labeling under any approval we may obtain 

our plans and ability to develop and commercialize our current or future product candidates and the outcomes of our research and development activities 

our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, capital requirements, and needs for additional financing 

our future obligations under the Vertex Agreement; 

our failure to recruit or retain key scientific or management personnel or to retain our executive officers 

the accuracy of our estimates of the size and characteristics of the potential markets for our current or future product candidates, the rate and degree of market acceptance of any of our current or future product candidates that may be approved in the future, and our ability to serve those markets 

the success of products that are or may become available which also target the potential markets for our current or future product candidates; 

our ability to operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights of others and the potential for others to infringe upon our intellectual property rights 

any significant breakdown, infiltration, or interruption of our information technology systems and infrastructure 

our ability to remediate our previously disclosed material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting in a timely manner; 

iv

recently enacted and future legislation related to the healthcare system 

other regulatory developments in the U.S., European Union, and other foreign jurisdictions 

our ability to satisfy the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq or any other exchange on which our securities may trade in the future 

uncertainties related to general economic, political, business, industry, and market conditions; and 

other risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" herein and in our other public filings. 

As a result of these and other factors, known and unknown, actual results could differ materially from our intentions, beliefs, projections, outlook, analyses, or expectations expressed in any forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report will prove to be accurate or that any such inaccuracy will not be material. You should also understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors, and you should not consider any such list to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. In light of the foregoing and the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. For all forward-looking statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Any forward-looking statements that we make in this Quarterly Report speak only as of the date of such statement, and, except as required by applicable law or by the rules and regulations of the SEC, we undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Comparisons of current and any prior period results are not intended to express any ongoing or future trends or indications of future performance, unless explicitly expressed as such, and should only be viewed as historical data. 

Note Regarding Trademarks, Trade Names, and Service Marks 

This Quarterly Report includes trademarks, trade names, and service marks owned by us or other companies. All trademarks, service marks and trade names included in this Quarterly Report are the property of their respective owners. To the extent any such terms appear without the trade name, trademark, or service mark notice, such presentation is for convenience only and should not be construed as being used in a descriptive or generic sense. 

v

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CervoMed Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (unaudited) 

September 30, 

			 2024 

December 31, 

			 2023 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Grant receivable 

Total current assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) 

par value: shares authorized: and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements 

1

CervoMed Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

 (unaudited) 

Three Months Ended 

			 September 30, 

Nine Months Ended 

			 September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Grant revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 

Total other income, net 

Net (loss) income 

Per share information: 

Net (loss) income per share of common stock, basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic 

Net loss per share of common stock, diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 

Comprehensive (loss) income: 

Net unrealized gain on marketable securities 

Total comprehensive (loss) income 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements 

2

CervoMed Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 (unaudited) 

Three Month Period Ended September 30, 2024 

Convertible preferred stock 

Common Stock 

Additional 

			 Paid-in 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) 

Accumulated 

Total 

			 Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

income 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance at June 30, 2024 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Nine Month Period Ended September 30, 2024 

Convertible preferred stock 

Common Stock 

Additional 

			 Paid-in 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) 

Accumulated 

Total 

			 Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

income 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance at January 1, 2024 

Issuance of common stock, prefunded warrants and common stock warrants, net of offering costs 

Stock options granted in lieu of compensation 

Cashless exercise of prefunded warrants 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Three Month Period Ended September 30, 2023 

Convertible preferred stock 

Common Stock 

Additional 

			 Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Total 

			 Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Deficit 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock 

Issuance of common stock upon settlement of convertible notes 

Issuance of common stock to Diffusion stockholders in reverse capitalization, net of issuance costs 

Sale of common stock 

Stock-based compensation expense, including vesting of RSUs 

Net income 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Nine Month Period Ended September 30, 2023 

Convertible preferred stock 

Common Stock 

Additional 

			 Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Total 

			 Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Deficit 

Balance at January 1, 2023 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock 

Issuance of common stock upon settlement of convertible notes 

Issuance of common stock to Diffusion stockholders in reverse capitalization, net of issuance costs 

Sale of common stock 

Stock-based compensation expense, including vesting of RSUs 

Net income 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements 

3

CervoMed Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Accretion of discount on marketable securities, net 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Changes in fair value of convertible debt 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses, deposits and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Grant receivable 

Deferred grant revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of marketable securities 

Maturities of marketable securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net assets assumed in connection with reverse recapitalization 

Proceeds from sale of common stock, prefunded warrants and common stock warrants 

Payment of reverse capitalization costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Conversion of convertible notes 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock 

Merger costs in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Stock options granted in lieu of cash bonus 

Cashless exercise of pre-funded warrants 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements 

4

CervoMed Inc.

Notes To Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements

million grant from the NIA. 

million. Based on its current operating plan, the Company believes its existing cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities on hand as of September 30, 2024, along with the remaining funds to be received from the NIA Grant, will enable the Company to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least twelve months from the issuance of these unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements. The Company has based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and it could utilize its available capital resources sooner than it currently expects. The Company will continue to require additional financing to advance its current product candidates through clinical development, to develop, acquire or in-license other potential product candidates and to fund operations for the foreseeable future. The Company intends to continue to seek funds through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. However, the Company may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed, on favorable terms, or at all. If the Company does raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, the ownership interest of its existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of such securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the Company's stockholders rights. If the Company raises additional capital through a debt financing, it may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting the Company's ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. Any failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on the Company's financial condition and on its ability to pursue its business plans and strategies. If the Company is unable to raise sufficient capital when needed, it may need to delay, reduce or terminate planned activities to reduce costs, including development or commercialization activities for neflamapimod. The Company might also be required to seek funds through arrangements with third parties that require it to relinquish certain of its rights to neflamapimod or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to the Company. 

Operations of the Company are subject to certain additional risks and uncertainties as well, and any one or more of these factors could materially affect the Company s financial condition, future operations and liquidity needs. Many of these risks and uncertainties are outside of the Company s control, including internal and external factors that may affect the success or failure of the Company s research and development efforts, the length of time and cost of developing and commercializing the Company s current or future product candidates, whether and when any such product candidates become approved drugs, and how significant a drug s market share will be, if approved, among others. 

Unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared by the Company in accordance with US GAAP for interim information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Accordingly, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with US GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed as part of the Company's Annual Report. 

These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements and, in management s opinion, include all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair presentation of the financial information for the interim periods. However, the results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full fiscal year. 

The Company evaluates its investments in marketable securities for impairment at each reporting period when the fair value is below amortized cost. If the Company intends to sell the security, or it is more likely than not the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of amortized cost, the entire impairment is included in earnings. The Company did not record any impairment on marketable securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. There was no allowance for credit losses as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

The Company has elected to combine lease and non-lease components as a single component. Operating leases will be recognized on the unaudited interim condensed consolidated balance sheet as ROU assets, lease liabilities, current and lease liabilities, non-current. Fixed rent payments are included in the calculation of the lease balances, while variable costs paid for certain operating and pass-through costs are excluded. Lease expense is recognized over the expected term on a straight-line basis. 

Expected Volatility The Company has limited information on the volatility of its common stock as the shares were not actively traded on any public markets until recently. The expected volatility is derived from the historical stock volatility of comparable peer public companies within its industry. These companies are considered to be comparable to the Company s business over a period equivalent to the expected term of the stock-based awards. 

Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the date of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the expected term. 

Expected Dividend Rate The expected dividend is zero as the Company has not paid, nor does it anticipate paying, any dividends on its stock options in the foreseeable future. 

per share is non-substantive and is virtually assured. Diluted (loss) income per share includes the effect, if any, from the potential exercise or conversion of securities such as common stock warrants and stock options which would result in the issuance of incremental shares of common stock. For diluted net loss per share, the weighted-average number of shares of common stock is the same for basic net loss per share due to the fact that, when a net loss exists, dilutive securities are not included in the calculation as the impact is anti-dilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company was in a net income position and calculated the diluted net income per share by dividing the Company s net income by the dilutive weighted average number of share outstanding during the periods, determined using the treasury stock method and the average stock price during the period. The pre-funded warrants to purchase common stock issued in connection with the Merger are included in the calculation of basic and diluted net (loss) income per share as the exercise price of 0.001 per share is non-substantive and is virtually assured. A reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted net (loss) income per share calculations are as follows: 

Change in fair value of Convertible Notes 

Adjusted net (loss) income 

Denominator 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic 

Weighted average Convertible Notes before conversion 

Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 

Net (loss) income, basic 

Net (loss) income, diluted 

The following potentially dilutive securities outstanding have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding, as they would be anti-dilutive: 

Stock options 

Prepaid and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Total net assets assumed 

Minus: Transaction costs 

Total net assets assumed minus transaction costs 

Marketable securities: 

Commercial paper 

U.S. treasury bonds 

U.S. government agency bonds 

Total assets measured at fair value 

Total assets measured at fair value 

The fair values of the Company s Level 2 marketable securities are estimated primarily based on benchmark yields, reported trades, market-based quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers, and reference data including market research publications, which represent a market approach. In general, a market approach is utilized if there is readily available and relevant market activity for an individual security. This valuation technique may change from period to period, based on the relevance and availability of market data. 

The following is a summary of the Company's marketable securities which provides a reconciliation of amortized cost basis to fair value including cumulative unrealized gains and losses as of September 30, 2024: 

U.S. treasury bonds 

U.S. government agency bonds 

Total 

The following table presents a roll-forward of the fair value of the Convertible Notes (Note 9) for which fair value is determined by Level 3 inputs: 

Fair value adjustment 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Fair value adjustment 

Reclassification to additional paid in capital upon conversion 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

These Convertible Notes are no longer outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 

Valuation techniques used to measure fair value maximize the use of relevant observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The Convertible Notes are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because the fair value measurement is based, in part, on significant inputs not observed in the market. 

There were no transfers among Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 categories in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or the year ended December 31, 2023. 

, which was expensed as incurred as a component of research and development expense. 

The Vertex Agreement granted the Company the exclusive worldwide use of VX-745 in the field of diagnosis, treatment and prevention of Alzheimer s disease and related central nervous system disorders in humans. 

As part of the Vertex Agreement, the Company is obligated to make certain payments totaling up to approximately million upon achievement of certain regulatory and sales milestones, and royalties on net sales of products on indications covered by the Vertex Agreement. The first expected milestone events concern filing of an NDA with the FDA for marketing approval of neflamapimod (i.e., VX-745) in the U.S., or a similar filing for a non-U.S. major market, as specified in the Vertex Agreement, and such royalties will be on a sliding scale of percentages of net sales in the low- to mid-teens, depending on the amount of net sales in the applicable years. The Company is also obligated to make a milestone payment to Vertex upon net sales reaching a certain specified amount in any 12-month period. The Vertex Agreement states that royalties will be reduced by 50 during any portion of the royalty term when there is no valid claim of an issued patent within specified patent rights covering the licensed product. The Company also has the right to deduct, on a country by country basis, from royalties otherwise payable to Vertex under the terms of the Vertex Agreement, 50 of all royalties, upfront fees, milestones and other payments paid by the Company or any of the Company s affiliates or sublicensees to third parties under licenses that are necessary for the development, manufacture, sale or use of a licensed product, provided that in no event will the royalty payable to Vertex be reduced to less than 50 of the rates specified in the Vertex Agreement, subject to certain adjustments specified therein. The Company has made a total of in payments to Vertex related to the Vertex Agreement. No payments were made during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

National Institute of Aging Grant 

In January 2023, the Company was awarded a million grant from the NIA to support its RewinD-LB Trial, a Phase 2b study of neflamapimod in patients with Early-Stage DLB. In August 2024, the Company was awarded an additional million from the NIA. The grant monies are expected to be received over a period of three years including million in 2023, million in 2024 and million in 2025. 

The total grant revenue recognized from the NIA Grant was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The total revenue recognized from the NIA Grant was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, aggregate total cash funding of million has been received from the NIA Grant, resulting in approximately million in funding remaining. 

The Company received access to the current year 2 (i.e., the year ending December 31, 2024) funding in the amount of million in February 2024. This amount was of the full year 2 amount provided for in the NIA Grant due to then-current NIA policy as a result of the U.S. government being funded at such time on the basis of a continuing resolution. Consolidated appropriations acts were signed into law in March 2024, and the Company received access to the remaining of the year 2 amount in June 2024. 

Insurance 

Professional services 

Dues and memberships 

Other 

Total 

Clinical development costs 

Professional fees 

State franchise and excise tax 

Other 

Total 

million. In December 2021, EIP issued the 2021 Notes to predominantly related party investors for proceeds of million. Upon completion of the Merger in August 2023, all Convertible Notes outstanding were converted into common stock and, in certain cases, pre-funded warrants. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Convertible Notes were no longer outstanding. Upon issuance, the Company elected the fair value option for the Convertible Notes in accordance with ASC 825, Financial Instruments, pursuant to which the entire instrument, including interest expense, is measured at fair value with the initial change in fair value deemed to be a capital contribution and any subsequent changes in fair value being recorded to other income (expense) on the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 there were no fair value adjustments recognized as the Convertible Notes were no longer outstanding. The fair value adjustment recognized in other income (expense) was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

As a result of the Merger (Note 4), pursuant to the terms thereof, the Convertible Notes converted into shares of EIP Common Stock which were subsequently converted into the right to exchange such shares for shares of the Company s common stock (or, in certain cases, pre-funded warrants to purchase the Company s common stock in lieu thereof). Accordingly, the Convertible Notes were adjusted to fair value prior to conversion by multiplying the trading price of the Company s common stock at the date of the Effective Time and the common shares and pre-funded warrants issued upon conversion. The Company recorded a gain on the fair value adjustment of the Convertible Notes of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and recorded million to additional paid in capital for the issuance of common stock upon settlement of the Convertible Notes. 

and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, lease expense was approximately and , respectively. 

Research and Development Arrangements 

In the course of normal business operations, the Company enters into agreements with universities and CROs to assist in the performance of research and development activities and with contract manufacturers to assist with chemistry, manufacturing, and controls related activities. Expenditures to CROs and other contract manufacturers represent a significant cost in clinical development for the Company. The Company could also enter into additional collaborative research, contract research, manufacturing, and supplier agreements in the future, which may require upfront payments and long-term commitments of cash. 

Defined Contribution Retirement Plan 

The Company has established its 401(k) Plan, which covers all employees who qualify under the terms of the plan. Eligible employees may elect to contribute to the 401(k) Plan up to of their compensation, limited by the IRS-imposed maximum. The Company provides a safe harbor match with a maximum amount of of the participant s compensation. The Company made matching contributions under the 401(k) Plan of and a de minimus amount for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company made matching contributions under the 401(k) Plan of and a de minimus amount for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Legal Proceedings 

On August 7, 2014, a complaint was filed in the Superior Court of Los Angeles County, California by Paul Feller, the former Chief Executive Officer of the Company s legal predecessor, under the caption Paul Feller v. RestorGenex, Pro Sports Entertainment, Inc., ProElite, Inc. and Stratus Media Group, GmbH (Case No. BC553996). The complaint asserts various causes of action, including, among other things, promissory fraud, negligent misrepresentation, breach of contract, breach of employment agreement, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, violations of the California Labor Code and common counts. The plaintiff is seeking, among other things, compensatory damages in an undetermined amount, punitive damages, accrued interest and an award of attorneys fees and costs. On December 30, 2014, the Company filed a petition to compel arbitration and a motion to stay the action. On April 1, 2015, the plaintiff filed a petition in opposition to the Company s petition to compel arbitration and a motion to stay the action. After a related hearing on April 14, 2015, the court granted the Company s petition to compel arbitration and a motion to stay the action. On January 8, 2016, the plaintiff filed an arbitration demand with the American Arbitration Association. On November 19, 2018 at an Order to Show Cause Re Dismissal Hearing, the court found sufficient grounds not to dismiss the case and an arbitration hearing was scheduled, originally for November 2020 but later postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic and related restrictions on gatherings in the State of California. In addition, following the November 2018 hearing, an automatic stay was placed on the arbitration in connection with the plaintiff filing for personal bankruptcy protection. On October 22, 2021, following a determination by the bankruptcy trustee not to pursue the claims and release them back to the plaintiff, the parties entered into a stipulation to abandon arbitration and return the matter to state court. A case management conference was held on February 23, 2022 at which an initial trial date of May 24, 2023 was set, and the parties have agreed to stipulate to mediation in advance of the trial. On October 20, 2022, the parties filed a joint stipulation to continue the trial and certain deadlines related to the mediation in order to allow plaintiff s counsel to continue to seek treatment for an ongoing medical issue. On November 1, 2022, based on the parties' joint stipulation, the court entered an order continuing the trial date to October 25, 2023, on October 6, 2023, the court entered an order further continuing the trial date to April 24, 2024, and on March 3, 2024, based on an additional joint stipulation of the parties, the court entered an order continuing the trial date to October 23, 2024. On September 4, 2024, due to certain delays in discovery by the plaintiff, the parties filed a joint stipulation to continue the trial and certain deadlines related thereto. On October 9, 2024, based on the parties' joint stipulation, the court entered an order continuing the trial date to April 30, 2025. 

The Company believes that is has meritorious defenses to the claims alleged in this matter and is defending itself vigorously. However, at this stage, the Company is unable to predict the outcome and possible loss or range of loss, if any, associated with its resolution or any potential effect the matter may have on the Company s financial position. Depending on the outcome or resolution of this matter, it could have a material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

common shares, Series A Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants. The aggregate upfront gross proceeds from the 2024 Private Placement were approximately million, before deducting approximately million of offering fees and expenses. 

The Pre-Funded Warrants and Series A Warrants were classified as a component of stockholders equity within additional paid-in capital. The Pre-Funded Warrants and Series A Warrants are equity classified because they (i) are freestanding financial instruments that are legally detachable and separately exercisable from the equity instruments, (ii) are immediately exercisable, (iii) do not embody an obligation for the Company to repurchase its shares, (iv) permit the holders to receive a fixed number of shares of common stock upon exercise, (v) are indexed to the Company s common stock and (vi) meet the equity classification criteria. 

Warrants 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had the following warrants outstanding to acquire shares of its common stock: 

- 

November 2024 through February 2026 

Historical EIP common stock warrants 

April 2028 

Series A common stock warrants 

The earlier of (i) April 1, 2027 and (ii) the date that is 180 days after the date the Exercise Conditions (as defined in the Series A Warrants) have been met 

Pre-funded warrants issued in April 2024 Private Placement 

None 

February 2024 Pre-Funded Warrant Exercise 

On February 26, 2024, following the effectiveness of an amendment eliminating certain beneficial ownership limitations set forth therein, previously outstanding pre-funded warrants to purchase common stock issued in connection with the closing of the Merger were exercised in full by the holder thereof pursuant to the cashless exercise provision of the pre-funded warrants. Upon exercise, shares were withheld in lieu of a cash payment of the exercise price and the holder was issued shares of common stock. 

"At-The-Market" Sales Agreement 

The Company was previously party to the 2022 Sales Agreement with BTIG. The 2022 Sales Agreement was an "at-the-market" sales agreement pursuant to which the Company was able to, from time to time and through BTIG as the Company s agent, sell up to an aggregate of million in shares of common stock by any permissible method deemed an at-the-market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act. On October 1, 2024, pursuant to and in accordance with Section 12(b) thereof, the Company notified BTIG that it was terminating the 2022 Sales Agreement effective October 11, 2024. The Company was not subject to any termination penalties or other expenses related to the termination of the 2022 Sales Agreement and, prior to termination, no shares were sold pursuant to the 2022 Sales Agreement. 

Sale of Common stock 

In July 2023, EIP sold shares of common stock at per share (as adjusted for the Exchange Ratio) for net proceeds of approximately million. 

of the total shares of the Company s common stock outstanding as of the immediately preceding December 31, unless a lesser amount is stipulated by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares available for future issuance under the 2015 Equity Plan. 

2018 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan 

On March 28, 2018, EIP adopted the 2018 Plan, which was assumed by the Company pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. Under the 2018 Plan, the Company may issue incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock grants, and other stock-based awards to employees, directors, and consultants, as specified in the 2018 Plan and subject to applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules and regulations. The Board has the authority to determine to whom options or stock will be granted, the number of shares, the term, and the exercise price. Options granted under the 2018 Plan have a term of up to ten years and generally vest over a four-year period with of the options vesting after one-year of service and the remainder vesting monthly thereafter. As of September 30, 2024, there were no shares available for issuance. 

The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense in the following expense categories of its consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss: 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

The following table summarizes the activity related to all stock option grants for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

Granted 

Cancelled/Expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

The Black-Scholes option pricing model was used to estimate the grant date fair value of each stock option grant at the time of grant using the following weighted-average assumptions: 

- 

Risk-free interest rate 

- 

Expected volatility 

- 

Dividend yield 

At September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense that will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company granted options in lieu of 2023 executive bonus compensation. 

Effective May 31, 2024, the employment of the Company's former Chief Financial Officer was terminated. Based on the terms of his severance agreement, unvested shares under previously granted option awards will continue to vest on the schedule provided for in the applicable option award agreement through September 30, 2025. The Company accounted for the change in vesting terms as an improbable-to-probable modification of his stock options and recognized million of expense in relation to this modification during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In addition, the exercise period for any shares under previously granted option awards vested as of May 31, 2024 was extended to September 30, 2025. The Company accounted for the change in exercise terms as a probable-to-probable modification of his stock options and recognized of expense in relation to this modification during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This discussion and analysis contains information related to historical and prospective events intended to enable you to assess our financial condition and results of operations. The information contained in this discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements and the related notes contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, as well as the risks and uncertainties discussed under the headings, "Part II Item 1A Risk Factors" and Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Introduction to CervoMed 

We are a clinical-stage company developing treatments for age-related neurologic disorders. We are currently focused on developing our lead drug candidate, neflamapimod, an investigational, orally administered, small molecule brain penetrant that inhibits p38 . Neflamapimod has the potential to treat and improve synaptic dysfunction, the reversible aspect of the underlying neurodegenerative processes that cause disease in DLB and certain other major neurological disorders, and is currently being evaluated in our ongoing RewinD-LB Trial, a Phase 2b study in patients with Early-Stage DLB, funded by a 21.3 million grant from the NIA. 

Overview of Our Business, Our Approach and Our Lead Drug Candidate 

Our novel approach focuses on reducing the impact of inflammation in the brain, or neuroinflammation, which we believe is a key factor in the manifestation of degenerative diseases of the brain, including DLB. Chronic activation of the enzyme p38 in the neurons (also known as nerve cells) within the brains of people with neurodegenerative diseases is believed to impair how neurons communicate through synapses (i.e., the connections between neurons). This impairment, termed synaptic dysfunction, leads to deterioration of cognitive and motor abilities. Left untreated, synaptic dysfunction can result in neuronal loss that leads to devastating disabilities, significant reliance on a caretaker, long term care living, and, ultimately, death. However, before neuronal loss commences, disease progression in major neurodegenerative disorders, including DLB, initially involves a protracted period of functional loss, particularly with respect to the synapses. We believe that inhibiting p38 activity in the brain, by interfering with key pathogenic drivers of disease, has the potential to reverse the clinical progression observed in early-stage neurodegenerative diseases, and that it is possible to slow further progression by delaying permanent synaptic dysfunction and neuron death. 

We believe we are a leader in the industry in developing a treatment for DLB, as we are the only company of which we are aware with an asset that has shown statistically significant improvements compared to placebo in a Phase 2a clinical trial (our AscenD-LB Trial) and that has initiated a Phase 2b clinical evaluation (our ongoing RewinD-LB Trial), from which we expect topline results in December 2024. The clinical symptoms in DLB are most directly linked to synaptic dysfunction in cholinergic neurons (i.e., neurons producing the neurotransmitter acetylcholine) in a part of the brain named the basal forebrain. Based on available preclinical and clinical data, we believe if neflamapimod is given in the early stages of certain degenerative diseases of the brain, it may reverse synaptic dysfunction and improve neuron health and function. In preclinical studies, neflamapimod has been shown to reverse the neurodegenerative process in the BFC system and correct the behavioral deficits that result from synaptic dysfunction in the BFC system. Following earlier clinical studies demonstrating blood-brain-barrier penetration, target engagement, and identification of dose-response, we obtained positive Phase 2a clinical data in patients with DLB in our AscenD-LB Trial. Specifically, statistically significant improvement was observed in patients treated with neflamapimod compared to patients treated with placebo on measures of dementia severity (as measured by CDR-SB) and functional mobility (i.e., walking ability, as measured by the TUG test) in the primary (intention-to-treat) analysis, which includes all patients randomized into the study that had at least one measurement of the endpoint analyzed. In addition, in a secondary analysis evaluating the higher of two doses in the study (40 mg TID), neflamapimod demonstrated statistically significant improvement compared to placebo in a battery of cognitive tests, particularly with respect to tests that measured attention. These preclinical results and the primary results of the AscenD-LB Trial were published in the journal Nature Communications in September 2022. 

20

In October 2023, the major clinical neurology journal, Neurology, published additional analyses of the AscenD-LB Trial data that further strengthened these conclusions regarding neflamapimod s potential and identified the DLB patient population most responsive to neflamapimod treatment. In these analyses, the study results were stratified by pre-treatment levels of plasma ptau181, which recent scientific literature has identified as a blood-based biomarker to differentiate advanced DLB patients in whom there is significant, irreversible neuronal loss in the hippocampus and associated Alzheimer's disease co-pathology from Early-Stage DLB patients in whom the disease is limited to synaptic dysfunction in the basal forebrain, a reversible component of the disease, and there is no associated, irreversible Alzheimer's disease-related pathology (i.e., tau pathology and neuronal loss in the region of the brain that includes the hippocampus, the medial temporal lobe). It is estimated that Early-Stage DLB patients comprise approximately 50 of the total diagnosed DLB patient population at any given time and that the remaining 50 is comprised of patients with advanced DLB, which is sometimes referred to in the scientific literature as "DLB-AD" or a form of "mixed dementia." In patients with a plasma ptau181 level of less than 2.2 pg/mL, the treatment response to neflamapimod in the AscenD-LB Trial was substantially greater than the overall patient population, with a Cohen s d effect size 0.7 and statistically significant vs. placebo on the CDR-SB, TUG, cognitive tests of attention and working memory. In a February 2024 publication in the Journal of Prevention of Alzheimer s Disease, results from our prior clinical trials of neflamapimod in Alzheimer's disease and DLB were integrated to show not only the demonstrated effects of neflamapimod on cognition and function, but on other biomarkers such as Electroencephalogram ("EEG") and basal forebrain volume and functional connectivity by Magnetic Resonance Imaging ("MRI"). 

Our ongoing RewinD-LB Trial is a double-blind, placebo-controlled, 16-week Phase 2b study that enrolled 159 patients with Early-Stage DLB, and is funded by a 21.3 million grant from the NIA. The trial is intended to confirm the efficacy findings from the AscenD-LB Trial and definitively demonstrate proof-of-concept. We have utilized our subsequent analyses of the AscenD-LB Trial data and the other information described above to optimize the RewinD-LB Trial s design and bolster the trial s statistical power. Critically, the RewinD-LB Trial excluded patients with advanced DLB as evaluated by plasma ptau181 levels (i.e., the study only enrolled patients with Early-Stage DLB). To enrich for such patients during screening, the global Clinical Dementia Rating score at entry was limited to 0.5 or 1.0; based on the enrollment data in our AscenD-LB and RewinD-LB Trials, in these patients with mild or very mild dementia, we estimate that the percentage of patients with Early-Stage DLB is substantially higher (approximately 66 among patients screened in RewinD-LB) as compared to the overall DLB population as a whole (approximately 50 ). Together with additional modifications to the AscenD-LB Trial design related to dosing regimen (40 mg TID) and primary endpoint (CDR-SB), sample size calculations indicate that the RewinD-LB Phase Trial has greater than 95 statistical power (approaching 100 to meet its primary objective of demonstrating improvement relative to placebo on change in CDR-SB, a global measure of dementia severity, over the course of the study. 

We completed enrollment in the RewinD-LB Trial in June 2024, completed the last patient, last visit for the 16-week placebo-controlled phase of the study in October 2024, and expect to report topline results from the placebo-controlled phase of the study in December 2024. The results of the RewinD-LB Trial are intended to provide the data necessary to finalize our design of a Phase 3 clinical trial, the general framework of which, including a 24-week treatment duration, is based on prior discussions with and feedback from the FDA. Assuming positive data in the RewinD-LB Trial, we are targeting an initiation of the Phase 3 trial in mid-2025. 

In August 2024, we initiated a Phase 2a study in Strasbourg, France, to evaluate neflamapimod in up to 20 patients with mild cognitive impairment (MoCA score >= 18 during screening). The primary objective of the study is to obtain additional pharmacokinetic data on a dosing regimen not previously used in any of our clinical trials (80 mg BID) that may provide additional dosing flexibility for certain patient populations or indications we may target in the future. On an exploratory basis, we will also collect data on basal forebrain atrophy, as measured by MRI, and a broad range of clinical endpoints. 

21

In addition to neflamapimod s potential to treat DLB, we believe the benefit of targeting neuroinflammation-induced synaptic dysfunction in the BFC system can be applied to other neurologic indications in which treatment of BFC dysfunction and degeneration would be expected to be clinically beneficial, including as treatment promoting recovery in the three months after ischemic stroke, as a disease-modifying treatment for early-stage Alzheimer s disease, and as a treatment for certain forms of frontotemporal dementia. In particular, we have generated preclinical evidence suggesting that neflamapimod could improve recovery after ischemic stroke in an animal model and we have received ethics committee approval to conduct a double-blind, placebo-controlled, 16-week, Phase 2a study in Australia to evaluate the effects of neflamapimod on motor recovery after ischemic stroke in approximately 90 patients, which we expect to initiate in the first quarter of 2025. 

Financial Summary 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately 46.7 million. To date, we have not had any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales, and our ability to do so in the future will depend on the successful development and eventual commercialization of neflamapimod (or another product candidate that we could acquire or develop in the future). We do not expect to generate revenue from product sales until such time, if ever. 

Our accumulated deficit as of September 30, 2024, was 64.0 million. We have never been profitable and we will continue to require additional capital to develop neflamapimod and fund operations for the foreseeable future. We have historically incurred net losses in each year ended since inception, except for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Out net loss was 4.8 million and 9.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Our net income was 2.2 million and 0.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. We expect our expenses will increase in connection with our ongoing activities, as we: 

advance neflamapimod through clinical trials, including a potential Phase 3 trial in DLB; 

manufacture supplies for our nonclinical studies and clinical trials; 

obtain, maintain, expand, and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

hire additional personnel to support our operations and growth; and 

continue to operate as a public company. 

Based on our current operating plan, we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities on hand as of September 30, 2024, along with the remaining funds to be received from the NIA Grant, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least twelve months from the issuance of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements included in this Quarterly Report. 

Financial Operations Overview 

Revenue 

To date, we have not generated any revenue from product sales and we do not expect to do so in the near future. In January 2023, we were awarded our 21.0 million under our NIA Grant. In August 2024, we were awarded an additional 0.3 million under our NIA Grant. Funding from the NIA Grant is recognized as grant revenue as the qualifying expenses related thereto are incurred. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, 7.6 million and 4.7 million of grant funding was recognized, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, 1.9 million and 1.5 million of grant funding was recognized, respectively. 

22

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses account for a significant portion of our operating expenses and primarily consist of costs incurred for the discovery and development of our product candidates, including: 

expenses incurred under agreements with CROs, preclinical testing organizations, consultants, and other third-party vendors, collaborators and service providers; 

costs related to production of clinical materials, including fees paid to CMOs; 

vendor expenses related to the execution of preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

personnel-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation for personnel engaged in research and development functions; 

costs related to the preparation of regulatory submissions; 

third-party license fees; and 

expenses for rent and other supplies. 

We recognize research and development expenses as incurred. Costs for certain development activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using information and data provided to us by our vendors, collaborators, and third-party service providers. Non-refundable advance payments made by us for future research and development activities are capitalized and expensed as the related goods are delivered and as services are performed. 

Specific program expenses include expenses associated with the development of our lead product candidate, neflamapimod, including our ongoing Phase 2b RewinD-LB Trial in patients with Early-Stage DLB. Personnel and other operating expenses incurred for our research and development programs primarily relate to salaries and benefits, stock-based compensation, and facility expenses. 

At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing, and estimated costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development of, and obtain regulatory approval for, neflamapimod, or for any other product candidates that we may develop or acquire. We expect our research and development expenses to increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in R D activities related to developing neflamapimod such as conducting larger clinical trials, seeking regulatory approval and incurring expenses associated with hiring personnel to support these and other R D efforts. The process of conducting the necessary clinical research to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time-consuming, and the successful development of product candidates, including neflamapimod, is highly uncertain. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation for our personnel in executive, finance and accounting, and other administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include legal fees relating to intellectual property and corporate matters, professional fees paid for accounting, auditing, consulting, and tax services, insurance costs, and facility costs. 

We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future as we increase our headcount to support our continued research and development activities and as we continue development activities. We also anticipate that we will incur increased expenses as a result of continuing to operate as a public company, including expenses related to compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and those of any national securities exchange on which our securities are traded, legal, auditing, insurance expenses, investor relations activities, and other administrative and professional services. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other income (expense) consists of the change in fair value of the previously outstanding Convertible Notes. 

23

Interest Income 

Interest income consists of interest earned on our marketable securities and on our cash and cash equivalent balances held with financial institutions. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

The following table summarizes our results of operations 

Three Months Ended 

			 September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change 

Grant revenue 

1,939,751 

1,526,482 

413,269 

27 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

5,125,097 

1,791,487 

3,333,610 

186 

General and administrative 

2,210,927 

2,410,124 

(199,197 

(8 

Total operating expenses 

7,336,024 

4,201,611 

3,134,413 

75 

Loss from operations 

(5,396,273 

(2,675,129 

(2,721,144 

102 

Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense) 

(3,440 

4,777,824 

(4,781,264 

(100 

Interest income 

646,172 

47,667 

598,505 

(a) 

Total other income 

642,732 

4,825,491 

(4,182,759 

(87 

Net (loss) income 

(4,753,541 

2,150,362 

(6,903,903 

(321 

(a) Not meaningful 

Grant Revenue 

Grant revenue was 1.9 million and 1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This increase in grant revenue all of which, for each period presented, was received pursuant to our NIA Grant, 21.0 million of which was awarded in January 2023 and the additional 0.3 million of which was received in August 2024, to support the RewinD-LB Trial was related to an increase in services performed during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as a result of, among other things, a larger number of trial sites being active during the current year period. We initiated the RewinD-LB Trial in the second quarter of 2023 and completed enrollment in June 2024, with trial sites being activated on a rolling basis throughout the enrollment period. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses were 5.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 3.3 million was primarily due to the increase in outsourced CRO site expenses related to our RewinD-LB Trial services which ramped up progressively between initiation and the completion of enrollment as described above. In addition, the increase was due to the manufacturing of drug product batches to support further clinical development of neflamapimod, including a potential Phase 3 clinical trial in DLB, CRO expenses to support our stroke trial, non-clinical studies, and consulting services. 

24

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses were 2.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The slight decrease of 0.2 million was primarily due to fewer one-time professional fee costs that we incurred related to the Merger in the prior year. The one-time costs included D O insurance, public relations, and accounting services. 

Other Income (Expense) 

There was a de minimis amount of other income (expense) for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The amount in the prior year period was due to adjustments to the fair value of the Convertible Notes for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Convertible Notes converted into the right to receive common stock in connection with the closing of the Merger in August 2023 and were not outstanding during the current year period. 

Interest income 

Interest income was 0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 48,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to interest earned on our increased cash equivalents and marketable securities balances in the current year period following the completion of the 2024 Private Placement in April 2024. 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

The following table summarizes our results of operations 

Nine Months Ended 

			 September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change 

Grant revenue 

7,575,972 

4,654,294 

2,921,678 

63 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

11,711,746 

5,583,149 

6,128,597 

110 

General and administrative 

6,850,536 

4,403,590 

2,446,946 

56 

Total operating expenses 

18,562,282 

9,986,739 

8,575,543 

86 

Loss from operations 

(10,986,310 

(5,332,445 

(5,653,865 

106 

Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense) 

(3,717 

5,422,192 

(5,425,909 

(100 

Interest income 

1,405,246 

100,778 

1,304,468 

(a) 

Total other income (expense) 

1,401,529 

5,522,970 

(4,121,441 

(75 

Net (loss) income 

(9,584,781 

190,525 

(9,775,306 

(a) 

(a) Not meaningful 

25

Grant Revenue 

Grant revenue was 7.6 million and 4.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This increase in grant revenue all of which, for each period presented, was received pursuant to our NIA Grant, 21.0 million of which was awarded in January 2023 and an additional 0.3 million of which was received in August 2024, to support the RewinD-LB Trial was related to an increase in services performed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as a result of, among other things, a larger number of trial sites being active during the current year period. We initiated the RewinD-LB Trial in the second quarter of 2023 and completed enrollment in June 2024, with trial sites being activated on a rolling basis throughout the enrollment period. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses were 11.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 6.1 million was primarily due to an increase in outsourced CRO site expenses related to our RewinD-LB Trial services, which ramped up progressively between initiation and the completion of enrollment as described above. In addition, the increase was driven by the manufacturing of drug product batches to support further clinical development of neflamapimod, including a potential Phase 3 clinical trial, CRO expenses to support our stroke trial, non-clinical studies, and consulting services. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses were 6.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 2.4 million was primarily due to public company related costs following the completion of the Merger, which closed in the third quarter of 2023. The drivers of the increase were primarily outsourced legal costs, insurance costs, headcount costs, investor/public relations costs, and stock-based compensation expense due to additional stock options granted and an amendment to our former chief financial officer's previously granted option awards in connection with his termination as an employee in May 2024 to extend the vesting and exercise periods thereunder to September 30, 2025. 

Other Income (Expense) 

There was a de minimis amount of other income (expense) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The amount in the prior year period was due to adjustments to the fair value of the Convertible Notes for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Convertible Notes converted into the right to receive common stock in connection with the closing of the Merger in August 2023 and were not outstanding during the current year period. 

Interest income 

Interest income was 1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to interest earned on our increased cash equivalents and marketable securities balances in the current year period following the completion of the 2024 Private Placement in April 2024. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Capital Requirements 

From the date of our inception through September 30, 2024, our operations have primarily been financed through the issuance of common stock, convertible preferred stock and convertible debt financings. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 46.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. We have not generated positive cash flows from operations and as of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 64.0 million. In January 2023, we were awarded a 21.0 million grant from the NIA to support the RewinD-LB Trial, which is expected to be received over a three-year period. In August 2024, we received an additional 0.3 million from the NIA. As of September 30, 2024, total cash funding of 14.5 million had been received from the NIA Grant. 

26

On April 1, 2024, pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of a securities purchase agreement with certain purchasers named therein, we completed the private placement of an aggregate of 2,532,285 units, each comprised of (i) (A) one share of common stock or (B) one Pre-Funded Warrant and (ii) one Series A Warrant. The aggregate upfront gross proceeds from the 2024 Private Placement were approximately 50.0 million, before deducting offering fees and expenses, and additional gross proceeds of up to approximately 99.4 million may be received if the Series A Warrants are exercised in full for cash. 

In addition, we were previously party to our 2022 Sales Agreement with BTIG. The 2022 Sales Agreement was an "at-the-market" sales agreement pursuant to which we were able to, from time to time and through BTIG as our agent, sell up to an aggregate of 20.0 million in shares of common stock by any permissible method deemed an at-the-market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act. On October 1, 2024, pursuant to and in accordance with Section 12(b) thereof, we notified BTIG that we were terminating the 2022 Sales Agreement effective October 11, 2024. We were not subject to any termination penalties or other expenses related to the termination of the 2022 Sales Agreement and, prior to termination, no shares were sold pursuant to the 2022 Sales Agreement. 

Our primary uses of cash are to fund our operations, which consist primarily of research and development expenditures related to our programs and general and administrative expenditures. These primary uses of capital include, and we expect will continue to include, costs related to clinical research, manufacturing and development services; compensation and related expenses; costs relating to the build-out of our headquarters, other offices and laboratories; license payments or milestone obligations that may arise; laboratory expenses and costs for related supplies; manufacturing costs; legal and other regulatory expenses and general overhead costs. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

Any product candidates we may develop may never achieve commercialization, and we anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We expect that our research and development expenses, general and administrative expenses, and capital expenditures will continue to increase. In addition, we expect to incur costs associated with operating as a public company. As a result, until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. 

Based on our current operating plan, we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities on hand as of September 30, 2024, along with the remaining funds to be received from the NIA Grant, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least twelve months from the issuance of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements included in this Quarterly Report. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. We will continue to require additional financing to advance our current product candidates through clinical development, to develop, acquire or in-license other potential product candidates and to fund operations for the foreseeable future. We will continue to seek funds through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. However, we may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable terms or at all. If we do raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our stockholders rights. If we raise additional capital through a debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. Any failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and on our ability to pursue our business plans and strategies. If we are unable to raise capital, we may need to delay, reduce or terminate planned activities to reduce costs, including our development or commercialization activities for neflamapimod. We might also be required to seek funds through arrangements with third parties that require us to relinquish certain of our rights to neflamapimod or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us. 

27

Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research, development and commercialization of product candidates, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our operating capital requirements. Our future capital requirements will depend on, and could increase significantly as a result of, many factors, including: 

the progress, timing, costs and results of the RewinD-LB Trial, as well as additional development plans for neflamapimod in other disease indications, such as recovery after ischemic stroke and FTD; 

the outcome, timing and cost of meeting regulatory requirements established by the FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

our ability to reach certain milestone events set forth in our collaboration agreements and the timing of such achievements, triggering our obligation to make applicable payments; 

the hiring of additional clinical, scientific and commercial personnel to pursue our development plans, as well the increased costs of internal and external resources as to support our operations as a public reporting company; 

the cost and timing of securing manufacturing arrangements for clinical or commercial production; 

the cost of establishing, either internally or in collaboration with others, sales, marketing and distribution capabilities to commercialize neflamapimod, if approved; 

the cost of filing, prosecuting, enforcing, and defending our patent claims and other intellectual property rights, including defending against any patent infringement actions brought by third parties against us; 

the ability to receive additional non-dilutive funding, including grants from organizations and foundations; 

our ability to establish strategic collaborations, licensing or other arrangements with other parties on favorable terms, if at all; and 

the extent to which we may in-license or acquire other product candidates or technologies. 

A change in the outcome of any of these or other variables could significantly alter the costs and timing associated with the development of neflamapimod. Furthermore, our operating plans may change in the future, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements associated with such operating plans. 

Cash Flows 

Nine Months Ended 

			 September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(8,479,909 

(4,911,393 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(37,967,876 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

46,398,606 

11,242,489 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(49,179 

6,331,096 

Operating Activities 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash used in operating activities was 8.5 million. The net cash outflow from operations primarily resulted from net loss of 9.6 million and accretion of discount on marketable securities of 0.8 million, partially offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 0.9 million and by a non-cash expense of 1.1 million for stock-based compensation. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash used in operating activities was 4.9 million. The net cash outflow from operations primarily resulted from net income of 0.2 million and change in fair value of convertible debt of 5.4 million, offset by a non-cash charge of 0.2 million for stock-based compensation and changes in operating assets and liabilities of 0.1 million. 

28

Investing Activities 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash used in investing activities was 38.0 million due to the purchase of marketable securities offset by the maturities of marketable securities. 

We did not have any cash provided by or used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Financing Activities 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by financing activities was 46.4 million due to proceeds from the sale of common stock and the Pre-Funded Warrants for approximately 46.4 million, partially offset by the payment of issuance costs related to the sale of common stock and the Pre-Funded Warrants, in each case, in connection with the 2024 Private Placement. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was 11.2 million. The net cash provided by financing activities primarily resulted from the net assets assumed in connection with the Merger, which was accounted for as a reverse capitalization, offset by the payment of offering costs. 

Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 

We enter into contracts in the normal course of business with third-party contract organizations for clinical trials, nonclinical studies and manufacturing, and other services for operating purposes. The amount and timing of contractual obligations may vary based on the timing of services. We can generally elect to discontinue the work under these agreements at any time. In the future, we could also enter into additional collaborative research, contract research, manufacturing and supplier agreements which may require upfront payments or long-term commitments of cash. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC that have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. As a result, we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in these arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from those described under the heading "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report. 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations is disclosed in Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the notes accompanying the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report. 

29

ITEM 3. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, promulgated by the SEC under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item 3. 

ITEM 4. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and we are required to apply our judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible internal controls. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered in this report. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective due to the material weaknesses noted below in the subsequent paragraph. 

Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

In connection with the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting were identified in relation to: (i) the recording of significant complex transactions and (ii) the absence of effective controls regarding the accurate identification, evaluation and proper recording of various expense accounts. 

A material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our condensed consolidated interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The identified material weaknesses, if not remediated, could result in a material misstatement to the Company s consolidated financial statements that may not be prevented or detected. A material weakness will not be considered remediated until a remediation plan has been fully implemented, the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and it has been concluded, through testing, that the newly implemented and enhanced controls are operating effectively. 

On August 16, 2023, we completed the Merger. For financial reporting purposes, EIP was determined to be the accounting acquirer and, accordingly, for all periods prior to the Merger, EIP s historical financial statements and results of operations replace and are deemed to be the Company s financial statement and results of operations for such periods. While Diffusion was previously subject to the provisions of SOX, EIP, as a private, non-reporting operating company prior to the Merger, was not. Accordingly, upon consummation of the Merger, we began the process of integrating the pre-Merger business of EIP into Diffusion s pre-established public company, internal control framework, including internal controls and information systems and we continue to implement measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate the material weaknesses. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, we continue to be actively engaged in these efforts through, among other things, adding additional review procedures by qualified personnel over complex accounting matters, and we currently expect to complete the remediation plan during the year ending December 31, 2024. However, the Company cannot predict the success of such efforts or the outcome of its assessment of the remediation efforts and the Company s efforts may not remediate this material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting, or additional material weaknesses may be identified in the future. 

Notwithstanding the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described above, our management has concluded that our consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report are fairly stated in all material respects in accordance with US GAAP. 

Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Except as set forth above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

30

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Please refer to Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies in the notes accompanying the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to our risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report. 

ITEM 2. 

UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None. 

ITEM 3. 

DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act), adopted, terminated or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 

31

ITEM 6. 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

Method of Filing 

31.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

Filed herewith. 

31.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

Filed herewith. 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) 

Furnished herewith. 

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) 

Furnished herewith. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

Filed herewith. 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

Filed herewith. 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibits 101) 

Filed herewith. 

XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

32

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

CervoMed Inc. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

By: 

/s/ John Alam 

John Alam 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 12, 2024 

By: 

/s/ William Elder 

William Elder 

Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

33

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_744569.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_744569.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, John J. Alam, MD, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CervoMed Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/ John J. Alam, MD 

John J. Alam, MD 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex_744570.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_744570.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, William Elder, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CervoMed Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/ William Elder 

William Elder 

Chief Financial Officer General Counsel 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex_744571.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_744571.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CervoMed Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/ John J. Alam, MD 

John J. Alam, MD 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex_744572.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_744572.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CervoMed Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/ William Elder 

William Elder 

Chief Financial Officer General Counsel 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 crvo-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 crvo-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 crvo-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 crvo-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 crvo-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

