<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_26172_0000026172-24-000046.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12798510</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141421</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1895738</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6272620</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2091904</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2043843</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000026172-24-000046.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105143729
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000026172-24-000046
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CUMMINS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000026172
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ENGINES & TURBINES [3510]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				350257090
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04949
		FILM NUMBER:		241427007

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 JACKSON ST
		STREET 2:		BOX 3005 MAIL CODE 93050
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47202-3005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8123773842

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BOX 3005 MAIL CODE 93050
		STREET 2:		500
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47202-3005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CUMMINS ENGINE CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000026172-24-000046.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 cmi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cmi-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State of Incorporation) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 Telephone ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): x Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were shares of common stock outstanding with a par value of per share. 

1 

Table of Contents 

 CUMMINS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 ITEM 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 ITEM 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 ITEM 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 51 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 52 
 ITEM 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 52 
 ITEM 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 53 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 53 
 ITEM 5. 
 Other Information 
 53 
 ITEM 6. 
 Exhibits 
 53 
 Signatures 
 54 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

CUMMINS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF NET INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, In millions, except per share amounts 2024 2023 2024 2023 NET SALES (Notes 1 and 2) 
 Cost of sales GROSS MARGIN OPERATING EXPENSES AND INCOME Selling, general and administrative expenses Research, development and engineering expenses Equity, royalty and interest income from investees (Note 4) Other operating expense, net OPERATING INCOME Interest expense Other income, net (Note 14) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES Income tax expense (Note 5) CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO CUMMINS INC. EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO CUMMINS INC. Basic Diluted WEIGHTED-AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING Basic Dilutive effect of stock compensation awards Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 CUMMINS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, In millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax (Note 12) Change in pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on derivatives ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO CUMMINS INC. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 CUMMINS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 In millions, except par value September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities (Note 6) Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities Accounts and notes receivable, net Inventories (Note 7) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long-term assets Property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net Investments and advances related to equity method investees Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Pension assets (Note 3) Other assets (Note 8) Total assets LIABILITIES Current liabilities Accounts payable (principally trade) Loans payable (Note 9) Commercial paper (Note 9) Current maturities of long-term debt (Note 9) Accrued compensation, benefits and retirement costs Current portion of accrued product warranty (Note 10) Current portion of deferred revenue (Note 2) Other accrued expenses (Note 8) Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities Long-term debt (Note 9) Deferred revenue (Note 2) Other liabilities (Note 8) Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) par value, shares authorized, and shares issued 
 Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost, and shares 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (Note 12) ) ) Total Cummins Inc. shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 CUMMINS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine months ended September 30, In millions 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Consolidated net income Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net income to net cash provided by operating activities Gain related to divestiture of Atmus (Note 14) ) Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) Equity in income of investees, net of dividends ) ) Pension and OPEB expense (Note 3) Pension contributions and OPEB payments (Note 3) ) ) Changes in current assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestiture Accounts and notes receivable ) Inventories ) ) Other current assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses (Notes 1 and 11) ) Other, net Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures ) ) Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired (Note 15) ) ) Investments in marketable securities acquisitions ) ) Investments in marketable securities liquidations (Note 6) Cash associated with Atmus divestiture ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from borrowings Net borrowings (payments) of commercial paper ) Payments on borrowings and finance lease obligations ) ) Dividend payments on common stock ) ) Payments for purchase of redeemable noncontrolling interests (Note 15) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 CUMMINS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended In millions, except per share amounts Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Cummins Inc. Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax (Note 12) Issuance of common stock Cash dividends on common stock, per share 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Share-based awards Other shareholder transactions BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 ) ) BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax (Note 12) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Cash dividends on common stock, per share 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Share-based awards Other shareholder transactions BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Nine months ended In millions, except per share amounts Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Cummins Inc. Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax (Note 12) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Cash dividends on common stock, per share 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Share-based awards ) Divestiture of Atmus (Note 14) ) ) ) ) Other shareholder transactions ) BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 ) ) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) ) Net income ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax (Note 12) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Cash dividends on common stock, per share 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Share-based awards ) Fair value adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Acquisition of redeemable noncontrolling interests (Note 15) ) Sale of Atmus stock (Note 14) ) Other shareholder transactions BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 CUMMINS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 wholly-owned, joint venture and independent distributor locations and more than Cummins certified dealer locations in approximately countries and territories. 
 Divestiture of Atmus 
 On March 18, 2024, we completed the divestiture of our remaining percent ownership of Atmus Filtration Technologies Inc. (Atmus) common stock through a tax-free split-off. See NOTE 14, "ATMUS INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING (IPO) AND DIVESTITURE," for additional information. 
 Settlement Agreements 
 In December 2023, we announced that we reached an agreement in principle with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the California Air Resources Board (CARB), the Environmental and Natural Resources Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and the California Attorney General's Office to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S., which became final and effective in April 2024 (collectively, the Settlement Agreements). In the second quarter of 2024, we made billion of payments required by the Settlement Agreements. See NOTE 11, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, for additional information. 
 Interim Condensed Financial Statements 
 The unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements reflect all adjustments which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair statement of the results of operations, financial position and cash flows. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP) pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for interim financial information. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements were condensed or omitted as permitted by such rules and regulations. 
 These interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . Our interim period financial results for the three and nine month periods presented are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other interim period or for the entire year. The year-end Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet data was derived from audited financial statements but does not include all required annual disclosures. 
 Reclassifications 
 Certain amounts for prior year periods were reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 
 Use of Estimates in Preparation of Financial Statements 
 Preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts presented and disclosed in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements . Significant estimates and assumptions in these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements require the exercise of judgment. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates, actual results reported in future periods may be different from these estimates. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Related Party Transactions 
 In accordance with the provisions of various joint venture agreements, we may purchase products and components from our joint ventures, sell products and components to our joint ventures and our joint ventures may sell products and components to unrelated parties. 
 Purchases from nonconsolidated equity investees 
 The following is a summary of accounts receivable from and accounts payable to nonconsolidated equity investees: 
 In millions September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Balance Sheet Location Accounts receivable from nonconsolidated equity investees Accounts and notes receivable, net Accounts payable to nonconsolidated equity investees Accounts payable (principally trade) 
 Supply Chain Financing 
 We currently have supply chain financing programs with financial intermediaries, which provide certain vendors the option to be paid by financial intermediaries earlier than the due date on the applicable invoice. When a vendor utilizes the program and receives an early payment from a financial intermediary, they take a discount on the invoice. We then pay the financial intermediary the face amount of the invoice on the original due date, which generally have to day payment terms. The maximum amount that we could have outstanding under these programs was million at September 30, 2024. We do not reimburse vendors for any costs they incur for participation in the program, their participation is completely voluntary and there are no assets pledged as security or other forms of guarantees provided for the committed payment to the finance provider or intermediary. As a result, all amounts owed to the financial intermediaries are presented as accounts payable in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets . Amounts due to the financial intermediaries reflected in accounts payable at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, were million and million, respectively. 
 Accounts Receivable Sales Program 
 million. We classify proceeds received from the sales of accounts receivable as an operating cash flow in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows , and we record the discount in other income, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 billion. We expect to recognize the related revenue of billion over the next months and billion over periods up to years. See NOTE 10, "PRODUCT WARRANTY LIABILITY," for additional disclosures on extended warranty coverage arrangements. Our other contracts generally are for a duration of less than one year, include payment terms that correspond to the timing of costs incurred when providing goods and services to our customers or represent sales-based royalties. 
 Deferred and Unbilled Revenue 
 Deferred revenue 
 We recognized revenue of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with million and million for the comparable periods in 2023, that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of each year. We did not record any impairment losses on our unbilled revenues during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 
 China India Other international Total net sales 
 Segment Revenue 
 As previous announced, beginning in the second quarter of 2024, we realigned certain businesses within our Components segment to be consistent with how our segment manager now monitors performance. We reorganized the businesses to combine the engine components and software and electronics businesses into the newly formed components and software business. In addition, we rebranded our axles and brakes business as drivetrain and braking systems. We began reporting results for these changes within our Components segment effective April 1, 2024, and reflected these changes in the historical periods presented. The change had no impact on our consolidated results. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Emission solutions Components and software Automated transmissions Atmus (1) 
 Total sales (1) Included sales through the March 18, 2024, divestiture. See NOTE 14, "ATMUS INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING (IPO) AND DIVESTITURE," for additional information. 
 
 Medium-duty truck and bus Light-duty automotive Total on-highway Off-highway Total sales 
 Asia Pacific Europe China Africa and Middle East India Latin America Total sales 
 Parts Service Engines Total sales 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Industrial Generator technologies Total sales 

OPEB payments, net Defined contribution pension plans 
 We anticipate making additional defined benefit pension contributions during the remainder of 2024 of million for our U.S. and U.K. qualified and non-qualified pension plans. These contributions may be made from trusts or company funds either to increase pension assets or to make direct benefit payments to plan participants. We expect our 2024 annual net periodic pension cost to approximate million. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Recognized net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Net periodic benefit expense (income) ) 
 Pension U.S. Plans U.K. Plans OPEB Nine months ended September 30, In millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Recognized net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Net periodic benefit expense (income) ) 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. Tata Cummins, Ltd. All other manufacturers Distribution entities Komatsu Cummins Chile, Ltda. All other distributors Cummins share of net income Royalty and interest income Equity, royalty and interest income from investees 
 In September 2023, our Accelera business signed an agreement to form a joint venture, Amplify Cell Technologies LLC, with Daimler Trucks and Buses US Holding LLC (Daimler Truck), PACCAR Inc. (PACCAR) and EVE Energy to accelerate and localize battery cell production and the battery supply chain in the U.S., including building a 21-gigawatt hour battery production facility in Marshall County, Mississippi. The joint venture will manufacture battery cells for electric commercial vehicles and industrial applications. The joint venture meets the definition of a variable interest entity since the equity-at-risk is not currently sufficient to support the future operations of the joint venture. Accelera, Daimler Truck and PACCAR will each own percent of the joint venture and have two board positions, while EVE Energy will own percent and have one board position. All significant decisions require majority or super-majority approval of the board. As a result, we are not the primary beneficiary of the joint venture, and the joint venture will not be consolidated. We will account for the joint venture using the equity method. Our maximum required contribution (the majority of which is expected to be contributed by 2028) to the joint venture is million, which could be reduced by future government incentives received by the joint venture. As of September 30, 2024, we contributed million. In addition, we are required to purchase percent of the joint venture's output in the future or be subject to certain penalties. The joint venture received all government approvals and began operations in May 2024, but is not expected to begin production until 2027. 
 
 percent and percent, respectively. Our effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, were percent and percent, respectively. 
 The three months ended September 30, 2024, contained net favorable discrete tax items of million, primarily due to million of favorable adjustments from tax return amendments, million of favorable return to provision adjustments and million of favorable share-based compensation tax benefits, partially offset by million of other unfavorable adjustments. 
 The nine months ended September 30, 2024, contained net favorable discrete tax items primarily due to the billion non-taxable gain on the Atmus split-off. Other discrete tax items were net favorable by million, primarily due to million of favorable adjustments related to audit settlements, million of favorable adjustments from tax return amendments, million of favorable return to provision adjustments and million of favorable share-based compensation tax benefits, partially offset by million of unfavorable adjustments for uncertain tax positions and million of other unfavorable adjustments. 
 The three months ended September 30, 2023, contained net favorable discrete tax items of million, primarily due to million of favorable return to provision adjustments and million of favorable share-based compensation tax benefits, partially offset by million of unfavorable adjustments for uncertain tax positions. 
 The nine months ended September 30, 2023, contained net favorable discrete tax items of million, primarily due to million of favorable return to provision adjustments and million of favorable share-based compensation tax benefits, partially offset by million of unfavorable adjustments for uncertain tax positions and million of other unfavorable adjustments. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 ) Level 2 Certificates of deposit Debt mutual funds Equity mutual funds Debt securities Marketable securities (1) Unrealized gains and losses for debt securities are recorded in other comprehensive income while unrealized gains and losses for equity securities are recorded in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income . 
 
 The fair value of Level 1 securities is derived from the market price at the end of the period. The fair value of Level 2 securities is estimated using actively quoted prices for similar instruments from brokers and observable inputs where available, including market transactions and third-party pricing services, or net asset values provided to investors. We do not currently have any Level 3 securities, and there were no transfers between levels during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, or the year ended December 31, 2023. All debt securities are classified as available-for-sale. 
 
 A description of the valuation techniques and inputs used for our Level 2 fair value measures is as follows: 
 Certificates of deposit These investments provide us with a contractual rate of return and generally range in maturity from to . The counterparties to these investments are reputable financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings. Since these instruments are not tradable and must be settled directly by us with the respective financial institution, our fair value measure is the financial institution's month-end statement. 
 Debt mutual funds The fair value measures for the vast majority of these investments are the daily net asset values published on a regulated governmental website. Daily quoted prices are available from the issuing brokerage and are used on a test basis to corroborate this Level 2 input measure. 
 Equity mutual funds The fair value measures for these investments are the net asset values published by the issuing brokerage. Daily quoted prices are available from reputable third-party pricing services and are used on a test basis to corroborate this Level 2 input measure. 
 Debt securities The fair value measures for these securities are broker quotes received from reputable firms. These securities are infrequently traded on a national exchange and these values are used on a test basis to corroborate our Level 2 input measure. 
 Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities Investments in marketable securities - liquidations 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Work-in-process and raw materials Inventories at FIFO cost Excess of FIFO over LIFO ) ) Inventories 
 
 Operating lease assets Corporate owned life insurance Other Other assets 
 Income taxes payable Other taxes payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Settlement Agreements (1) 
 Other Other accrued expenses (1) See NOTE 11, "COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES," for additional information. 
 
 Pensions Operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Accrued compensation Other postretirement benefits Mark-to-market valuation on interest rate derivatives Long-term income taxes Other Other liabilities (1) See NOTE 10, "PRODUCT WARRANTY LIABILITY," for additional information. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial paper (2) 
 (1) Loans payable consist primarily of notes payable to various international and domestic financial institutions. It is not practicable to aggregate these notes and calculate a quarterly weighted-average interest rate. 
 (2) The weighted-average interest rate, inclusive of all brokerage fees, was percent and percent at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 We can issue up to billion of unsecured, short-term promissory notes (commercial paper) pursuant to the Board authorized commercial paper programs. These programs facilitate the private placement of unsecured short-term debt through third-party brokers. We intend to use the net proceeds from the commercial paper borrowings for general corporate purposes. 
 Revolving Credit Facilities 
 On June 3, 2024, we entered into an amended and restated five-year credit agreement that allows us to borrow up to billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to June 3, 2029. The credit agreement amended and restated the prior billion five-year credit agreement that would have matured on August 18, 2026. 
 On June 3, 2024, we entered into an amended and restated 364-day credit agreement that allows us to borrow up to billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to June 2, 2025. This credit agreement amended and restated the prior billion 364-day credit facility that matured on June 3, 2024. 
 Our committed credit facilities provide access up to billion, including our billion 364-day facility that expires June 2, 2025, and our billion five-year facility that expires on June 3, 2029. We intend to maintain credit facilities at the current or higher aggregate amounts by renewing or replacing these facilities at or before expiration. These revolving credit facilities are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes. There were no outstanding borrowings under these facilities at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, the billion of outstanding commercial paper effectively reduced the billion of revolving credit capacity to billion. 
 At September 30, 2024, we also had an additional million available for borrowings under our international and other domestic credit facilities. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Term loan, due 2025 (1) (2) 
 Variable Senior notes, due 2025 (3) 
 Atmus term loan, due 2027 (4) 
 Variable Debentures, due 2027 Debentures, due 2028 Senior notes, due 2029 Senior notes, due 2030 (3) 
 Senior notes, due 2034 Senior notes, due 2043 Senior notes, due 2050 Senior notes, due 2054 Debentures, due 2098 (5) 
 Other debt Unamortized discount and deferred issuance costs ) ) Fair value adjustments due to hedge on indebtedness ) ) Finance leases Total long-term debt Less: Current maturities of long-term debt Long-term debt (1) During the first nine months of 2024, we repaid the outstanding balance of the term loan. 
 (2) In 2023, we entered into a series of interest rate swaps in order to trade a portion of the floating rate debt into fixed rate. See "Interest Rate Risk" in NOTE 13, "DERIVATIVES," for additional information. 
 (3) In 2021, we entered into a series of interest rate swaps to effectively convert debt from a fixed rate to floating rate. See "Interest Rate Risk" in NOTE 13, "DERIVATIVES," for additional information. 
 (4) See NOTE 14, "ATMUS INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING (IPO) AND DIVESTITURE," for additional information. 
 (5) The effective interest rate is percent. 
 
 On February 20, 2024, we issued billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of million aggregate principal amount of percent senior unsecured notes due in 2029, million aggregate principal amount of percent senior unsecured notes due in 2034 and billion aggregate principal amount of percent senior unsecured notes due in 2054. We received net proceeds of billion. The senior unsecured notes pay interest semi-annually on February 20 and August 20, commencing on August 20, 2024. The indenture governing the senior unsecured notes contains covenants that, among other matters, limit (i) our ability to consolidate or merge into, or sell, assign, convey, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our and our subsidiaries' assets to another person, (ii) our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to create or assume liens and (iii) our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to engage in sale and leaseback transactions. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 Carrying value of total debt (1) The fair value of debt is derived from Level 2 input measures. 

Provision for base warranties issued Deferred revenue on extended warranty contracts sold Provision for product campaigns issued Payments made during period ) ) Amortization of deferred revenue on extended warranty contracts ) ) Changes in estimates for pre-existing product warranties and campaigns Foreign currency translation adjustments and other ) ) Balance at end of period 
 We recognized supplier recoveries of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with million and million for the comparable periods in 2023. 
 Current portion of deferred revenue Long-term portion Deferred revenue Total Product warranty Current portion Current portion of accrued product warranty Long-term portion Other liabilities Total Total warranty accrual 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 to resolve the matters addressed by the Settlement Agreements involving approximately one million of our pick-up truck applications in the U.S. This charge was in addition to the previously announced charges of million for the recalls of model years 2013 through 2018 RAM 2500 and 3500 trucks and model years 2016 through 2019 Titan trucks. We made billion of payments required by the Settlement Agreements in the second quarter of 2024. In the third quarter of 2024, we have accrued immaterial amounts related to stipulated penalties we determined to be probable and estimable. Any further non-compliance with the Settlement Agreements will likely subject us to further stipulated penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 We have also been in communication with other non-U.S. regulators regarding matters related to the emission systems in our engines and may also become subject to additional regulatory review in connection with these matters. 
 In connection with our announcement of our entry into the agreement in principle, we became subject to shareholder, consumer and third-party litigation regarding the matters covered by the Settlement Agreements, and we may become subject to additional litigation in connection with these matters. 
 The consequences resulting from the resolution of the foregoing matters are uncertain and the related expenses and reputational damage could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Guarantees and Commitments 
 Periodically, we enter into guarantee arrangements, including guarantees of non-U.S. distributor financings, residual value guarantees on equipment under operating leases and other miscellaneous guarantees of joint ventures or third-party obligations. At September 30, 2024, the maximum potential loss related to these guarantees was million. 
 We have arrangements with certain suppliers that require us to purchase minimum volumes or be subject to monetary penalties. At September 30, 2024, if we were to stop purchasing from each of these suppliers, the aggregate amount of the penalty would be approximately million. These arrangements enable us to secure supplies of critical components and IT services. We do not currently anticipate paying any penalties under these contracts. 
 We enter into physical forward contracts with suppliers of platinum, palladium and iridium to purchase certain volumes of the commodities at contractually stated prices for various periods, which generally fall within . At September 30, 2024, the total commitments under these contracts were million. These arrangements enable us to guarantee the prices of these commodities, which otherwise are subject to market volatility. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million at September 30, 2024. 
 Indemnifications 
 Periodically, we enter into various contractual arrangements where we agree to indemnify a third-party against certain types of losses. Common types of indemnities include: 
 product liability and license, patent or trademark indemnifications; 
 asset sale agreements where we agree to indemnify the purchaser against future environmental exposures related to the asset sold; and 
 any contractual agreement where we agree to indemnify the counterparty for losses suffered as a result of a misrepresentation in the contract. 
 We regularly evaluate the probability of having to incur costs associated with these indemnities and accrue for expected losses that are probable. Because the indemnifications are not related to specified known liabilities and due to their uncertain nature, we are unable to estimate the maximum amount of the potential loss associated with these indemnifications. 
 21 

Table of Contents ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Before-tax amount ) Tax benefit After-tax amount ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (1) 
 ) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Before-tax amount ) ) ) ) Tax expense ) ) ) ) After-tax amount ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (1) 
 ) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) (1) Amounts are net of tax. Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and the related tax effects are immaterial for separate disclosure. 

22 

Table of Contents ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Before-tax amount ) ) ) ) ) Tax benefit (expense) ) After-tax amount ) ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (1) 
 (2) 
 ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Before-tax amount ) ) ) ) ) Tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) After-tax amount ) ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (1) 
 ) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) (1) Amounts are net of tax. Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and the related tax effects are immaterial for separate disclosure. 
 (2) Primarily related to the divestiture of Atmus. See NOTE 14, "ATMUS INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING (IPO) AND DIVESTITURE," for additional information. 

23 

Table of Contents 

 billion at September 30, 2024, with the following currencies comprising percent of outstanding foreign currency forward contracts: British pound, Chinese renminbi, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar and Euro. We had foreign currency forward contracts with notional amounts of billion at December 31, 2023, with the following currencies comprising percent of outstanding foreign currency forward contracts: British pound, Chinese renminbi, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar and Swedish krona. 
 We are further exposed to foreign currency exchange risk as many of our subsidiaries are subject to fluctuations as the functional currencies of the underlying entities are not our U.S. dollar reporting currency. To help reduce volatility in the equity value of our subsidiaries, we enter into foreign exchange forwards designated as net investment hedges for certain of our investments. Under the current terms of our foreign exchange forwards, we agreed with third parties to sell British pounds, Chinese renminbi and Euros in exchange for U.S. dollar currency at a specified rate at the maturity of the contract. The notional amount of these hedges at September 30, 2024, was billion.) ) ) 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 In September 2023, we entered into a series of interest rate swaps with a total notional value of million in order to trade a portion of the floating rate into a fixed rate on our term loan, due in 2025. The weighted-average interest rate of the interest rate swaps was percent. We designated the swaps as cash flow hedges. The gains and losses on these derivative instruments are initially recorded in other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings as interest expense in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as each interest payment is accrued. We settled million of interest rate swaps in the second quarter of 2024 and the remaining million in the third quarter of 2024. The losses recognized on settlements were immaterial. The interest rate swap activity in AOCL was immaterial for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 In 2021, we entered into a series of interest rate swaps to effectively convert our million senior notes, due in 2025, from a fixed rate of percent to a floating rate equal to the three-month London Interbank Offered Rate ) plus a spread (subsequently adjusted to Secured Overnight Financing Rate ) under a fallback protocol in our derivative agreements in the third quarter of 2023), and million of the notional amount remained unsettled at September 30, 2024. We also entered into a series of interest rate swaps to effectively convert million of our million senior notes, due in 2030, from a fixed rate of percent to a floating rate equal to the three-month plus a spread (also similarly adjusted to ). We designated the swaps as fair value hedges. The gain or loss on these derivative instruments, as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, are recognized in current income as interest expense. The net swap settlements that accrue each period are also reported in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as interest expense. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) ) (1) The difference between the gain (loss) on swaps and borrowings represents hedge ineffectiveness. 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments) ) ) Gain (loss) recognized in income - Other income (expense), net (1) 
 ) ) (1) Includes foreign currency forward contracts. 
 
 Fair Value Amount and Location of Derivative Instruments 
 Derivative assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets (1) 
 Derivative liabilities Other accrued expenses Other liabilities Total derivative liabilities (1) 
 (1) Estimates of the fair value of all derivative assets and liabilities above are derived from Level 2 inputs, which are estimated using actively quoted prices for similar instruments from brokers and observable inputs where available, including market transactions and third-party pricing services, or net asset values provided to investors. We do not currently have any Level 3 input measures and there were no transfers into or out of Level 2 or 3 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, or the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 We elected to present our derivative contracts on a gross basis in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets . Had we chosen to present on a net basis, we would have derivatives in a net asset position of million and million and derivatives in a net liability position of million and million at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 14. ATMUS INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING (IPO) AND DIVESTITURE 
 million of commercial paper with certain lenders. On May 26, 2023, Atmus shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "ATMU." The IPO was completed on May 30, 2023, whereby Cummins exchanged percent (approximately million shares) of its ownership in Atmus, at per share, to retire million of the commercial paper as proceeds from the offering through a non-cash transaction. 
 In connection with the completion of the IPO, through a series of asset and equity contributions, we transferred the filtration business to Atmus. In exchange, Atmus transferred consideration of million to Cummins, which consisted primarily of the net proceeds from a term loan facility and revolver executed by Atmus during May 2023. The commercial paper issued and retired through the IPO proceeds, coupled with the million received, was used for the retirement of our historical debt and payment of dividends. The difference between the commercial paper retired from the IPO, other IPO related fees and the net book value of our divested interest was million and recorded as an offset to additional paid-in capital. Of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2023, million was retained by Atmus for its working capital purposes. 
 Divestiture 
 On March 18, 2024, we completed the divestiture of our remaining percent ownership of Atmus common stock through a tax-free split-off. The transaction involved the exchange of our shares in Atmus for shares of Cummins stock with a percent discount on the exchange ratio for Atmus shares. The exchange ratio was determined based on each entity's respective stock price using the daily volume weighted-average stock price for three days preceding the final exchange offer date. Based on the final exchange ratio, we exchanged all million of our Atmus shares for million shares of Cummins stock, which was recorded as treasury stock based on the fair value of the Cummins shares obtained. 
 We evaluated the full divestiture of Atmus and determined the transaction did not qualify for discontinued operation presentation. We recognized a gain related to the divestiture of approximately billion (based on the difference between the fair value of the Cummins shares obtained less the carrying value of our Atmus investment), which was recorded in other income, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Approximately million of goodwill was included in the carrying value of the Atmus investment for purposes of calculating the gain. The operating results of Atmus were reported in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements through March 18, 2024, the date of divestiture. 
 As part of the divestiture, the million term loan remained with Atmus after the split. In addition, a net million of other comprehensive income and million of noncontrolling interests related to Atmus were written-off and netted against the gain recognized upon the split. 
 We entered into a transitional services agreement (TSA) with Atmus that is designed to facilitate the orderly transfer of various services to Atmus. The TSA relates primarily to administrative services, which are generally to be provided over the next months. This agreement is not material and does not confer upon us the ability to influence the operating and/or financial policies of Atmus subsequent to March 18, 2024. 
 
 COMB 2023 (3) 
 Hydrogenics Corporation 06/29/23 (4) 
 EQUITY Teksid Hierro de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 04/03/23 COMB (1) All results from acquired entities were included in segment results subsequent to the acquisition date. Previously consolidated entities were accounted for as equity transactions (EQUITY). Newly consolidated entities were accounted for as business combinations (COMB). 
 (2) Intangible assets acquired in the business combination were mostly customer and trade name related. 
 (3) See NOTE 24, "ACQUISITIONS," of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of our 2023 Form 10-K for additional information on prior year acquisitions. 
 (4) Hydrogenics entered into three non-interest-bearing promissory notes with million paid on July 31, 2023, and the remaining million due in three installments through 2025. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

27 

Table of Contents 

 Intersegment sales Total sales Research, development and engineering expenses Equity, royalty and interest income (loss) from investees ) Interest income Segment EBITDA ) Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 External sales Intersegment sales Total sales Research, development and engineering expenses Equity, royalty and interest income (loss) from investees ) Interest income Segment EBITDA (2) 
 ) Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 External sales Intersegment sales Total sales Research, development and engineering expenses Equity, royalty and interest income (loss) from investees ) Interest income Segment EBITDA (2) 
 ) Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 External sales Intersegment sales Total sales Research, development and engineering expenses Equity, royalty and interest income (loss) from investees ) Interest income Segment EBITDA (2) 
 ) Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 (1) Depreciation and amortization, as shown on a segment basis, excludes the amortization of debt discount and deferred costs included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income as interest expense. The amortization of debt discount and deferred costs was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. A portion of depreciation expense is included in research, development and engineering expenses. 
 (2) Included million of costs associated with the divestiture of Atmus for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Included million and million of costs associated with the divestiture of Atmus for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. See NOTE 14, "ATMUS INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING (IPO) AND DIVESTITURE," for additional information. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Intersegment eliminations and other (1) 
 ) (2) 
 (3) 
 ) (2) 
 Less: Interest expense Depreciation and amortization INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES (1) Included intersegment sales, intersegment profit in inventory and unallocated corporate expenses. 
 (2) Included million and million of costs associated with the divestiture of Atmus for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (3) Included a billion gain related the divestiture of Atmus and million of costs associated with the divestiture of Atmus (included in corporate expenses) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. See NOTE 14, "ATMUS INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING (IPO) AND DIVESTITURE," for additional information. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Cummins Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries are hereinafter sometimes referred to as Cummins, we, our or us. 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 Certain parts of this quarterly report contain forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbors from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include those that are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the industries in which we operate and management s beliefs and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by words such as "anticipates," "expects," "forecasts," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "could," "should," "may" or words of similar meaning. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which we refer to as "future factors," which are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Some future factors that could cause our results to differ materially from the results discussed in such forward-looking statements are discussed below and shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these future factors carefully in evaluating forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Future factors that could affect the outcome of forward-looking statements include the following: 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATION 
 any adverse consequences resulting from entering into the Settlement Agreements, including required additional mitigation projects, adverse reputational impacts and potential resulting legal actions; 
 increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies, as well as unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of emission standards around the world; 
 evolving environmental and climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives; 
 changes in international, national and regional trade laws, regulations and policies; 
 changes in taxation; 
 global legal and ethical compliance costs and risks; 
 future bans or limitations on the use of diesel-powered products; 
 BUSINESS CONDITIONS / DISRUPTIONS 
 failure to successfully integrate and / or failure to fully realize all of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of Meritor, Inc.; 
 raw material, transportation and labor price fluctuations and supply shortages; 
 aligning our capacity and production with our demand; 
 the actions of, and income from, joint ventures and other investees that we do not directly control; 
 large truck manufacturers' and original equipment manufacturers' customers discontinuing outsourcing their engine supply needs or experiencing financial distress, or change in control; 
 PRODUCTS AND TECHNOLOGY 
 product recalls; 
 variability in material and commodity costs; 
 the development of new technologies that reduce demand for our current products and services; 
 lower than expected acceptance of new or existing products or services; 
 product liability claims; 
 our sales mix of products; 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 GENERAL 
 climate change, global warming, more stringent climate change regulations, accords, mitigation efforts, greenhouse gas regulations or other legislation designed to address climate change; 
 our plan to reposition our portfolio of product offerings through exploration of strategic acquisitions and divestitures and related uncertainties of entering such transactions; 
 increasing interest rates; 
 challenging markets for talent and ability to attract, develop and retain key personnel; 
 exposure to potential security breaches or other disruptions to our information technology environment and data security; 
 political, economic and other risks from operations in numerous countries including political, economic and social uncertainty and the evolving globalization of our business; 
 competitor activity; 
 increasing competition, including increased global competition among our customers in emerging markets; 
 failure to meet environmental, social and governance (ESG) expectations or standards, or achieve our ESG goals; 
 labor relations or work stoppages; 
 foreign currency exchange rate changes; 
 the performance of our pension plan assets and volatility of discount rates; 
 the price and availability of energy; 
 continued availability of financing, financial instruments and financial resources in the amounts, at the times and on the terms required to support our future business; and 
 other risk factors described in Part II, Item 1A in this quarterly report and our 2023 Form 10-K, Part I, Item 1A , both under the caption "Risk Factors." 
 Shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made herein are made only as of the date of this quarterly report and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 ORGANIZATION OF INFORMATION 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) was prepared to provide the reader with a view and perspective of our business through the eyes of management and should be read in conjunction with our Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of our 2023 Form 10-K . Our MD A is presented in the following sections: 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY AND FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 OPERATING SEGMENT RESULTS 
 OUTLOOK 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY AND FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
 Overview 
 We are a global power solutions leader comprised of five business segments - Components, Engine, Distribution, Power Systems and Accelera - supported by our global manufacturing and extensive service and support network, skilled workforce and vast technical expertise. Our products range from advanced diesel, natural gas, electric and hybrid powertrains and powertrain-related components including aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, valvetrain technologies, controls systems, air handling systems, automated transmissions, axles, drivelines, brakes, suspension systems, electric power generation systems, batteries, electrified power systems, hydrogen production technologies and fuel cell products. We sell our products to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), distributors, dealers and other customers worldwide. We have long-standing relationships with many of the leading manufacturers in the markets we serve, including PACCAR Inc, Traton Group, Daimler Trucks North America and Stellantis N.V. We serve our customers through a service network of approximately 450 wholly-owned, joint venture and independent distributor locations and more than 19,000 Cummins certified dealer locations in approximately 190 countries and territories. 
 Our segment reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. The Components segment sells axles, drivelines, brakes and suspension systems for commercial diesel and natural gas applications, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers, fuel systems, valvetrain technologies, automated transmissions and electronics. The Engine segment produces engines (15 liters and smaller) and associated parts for sale to customers in on-highway and various off-highway markets. Our engines are used in trucks of all sizes, buses and recreational vehicles, as well as in various industrial applications, including construction, agriculture, power generation systems and other off-highway applications. The Distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various OEMs throughout the world. The Power Systems segment is an integrated power provider, which designs, manufactures and sells engines (16 liters and larger) for industrial applications (including mining, oil and gas, marine and rail), standby and prime power generator sets, alternators and other power components. The Accelera segment designs, manufactures, sells and supports hydrogen production technologies as well as electrified power systems with innovative components and subsystems, including battery, fuel cell and electric powertrain technologies. The Accelera segment is currently in the early stages of commercializing these technologies with efforts primarily focused on the development of our electrolyzers for hydrogen production and electrified power systems and related components and subsystems. We continue to serve all our markets as they adopt electrification and alternative power technologies, meeting the needs of our OEM partners and end customers. 
 Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, off-highway, power generation and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our sales may also be impacted by OEM inventory levels, production schedules, stoppages and supply chain challenges. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. As a worldwide business, our operations are also affected by geopolitical risks, currency fluctuations, political and economic uncertainty, public health crises (epidemics or pandemics) and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry higher levels of these risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico and other countries in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. At the same time, our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry, region, the economy of any single country or customer on our consolidated results. 
 Divestiture of Atmus 
 On March 18, 2024, we completed the divestiture of our remaining 80.5 percent ownership of Atmus Filtration Technologies Inc. (Atmus) common stock through a tax-free split-off. The exchange resulted in a reduction of shares of our common stock outstanding by 5.6 million shares and a gain of approximately 1.3 billion. See NOTE 14, "ATMUS INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING (IPO) AND DIVESTITURE," to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Settlement Agreements 
 
 In December 2023, we announced that we reached an agreement in principle with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the California Air Resources Board (CARB), the Environmental and Natural Resources Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and the California Attorney General s Office to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S., which became final and effective in April 2024 (collectively, the Settlement Agreements). In the second quarter of 2024, we made 1.9 billion of payments required by the Settlement Agreements. See NOTE 11, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 2024 Third Quarter and Year-to-Date Results 
 A summary of our results is as follows: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, In millions, except per share amounts 2024 2023 2024 (1) 
 2023 Net sales 8,456 8,431 25,655 25,522 Net income attributable to Cummins Inc. 809 656 3,528 2,166 Earnings per common share attributable to Cummins Inc. Basic 5.90 4.63 25.47 15.29 Diluted 5.86 4.59 25.31 15.19 (1) Net income and earnings per common share included the non-taxable gain associated with the divestiture of Atmus for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The table below presents our consolidated net sales by geographic area based on the location of the customer: 
 Three months ended Favorable/ Nine months ended Favorable/ September 30, (Unfavorable) September 30, (Unfavorable) In millions 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent United States and Canada 5,177 5,210 (33) (1) 15,789 15,612 177 1 International 3,279 3,221 58 2 9,866 9,910 (44) Total net sales 8,456 8,431 25 25,655 25,522 133 1 
 Worldwide revenues were relatively flat in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, as increased power generation demand (primarily data center markets) was mostly offset by the divestiture of Atmus. International sales (excludes the U.S. and Canada) improved 2 percent primarily due to higher sales in India and Asia Pacific, partially offset by lower sales in Latin America. The increase in international sales was primarily due to higher demand for power generation products (especially in China and India), partially offset by the divestiture of Atmus. Net sales in the U.S. and Canada declined 1 percent primarily due to the divestiture of Atmus, partially offset by higher demand in power generation markets. Unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations impacted international sales by 2 percent (primarily the Brazilian real). 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Worldwide revenues increased by 1 percent in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, due to increased power generation demand (mostly data center markets) and higher demand in North American medium-duty truck and bus markets, partially offset by the divestiture of Atmus, lower emission solutions demand (mainly in China) and weaker demand in global construction markets. Net sales in the U.S. and Canada improved 1 percent primarily due to higher demand in power generation markets and medium-duty truck and bus markets, partially offset by the divestiture of Atmus. International sales (excludes the U.S. and Canada) were relatively flat as lower sales in Europe and China were mostly offset with higher sales in Latin America and India. The decrease in international sales was primarily due to the divestiture of Atmus and lower emission solutions demand (mainly in China), largely offset by increased demand in power generation markets (mainly Europe, Asia Pacific, China and India). Unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations impacted international sales by 1 percent (primarily the Chinese renminbi, Brazilian real and Indian rupee). 
 
 The following tables contain sales and EBITDA (defined as earnings or losses before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and noncontrolling interests) by operating segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. See NOTE 16, "OPERATING SEGMENTS," to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information and a reconciliation of our segment information to the corresponding amounts in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income . 
 Three months ended September 30, Operating Segments 2024 2023 Percent change Percent Percent 2024 vs. 2023 In millions Sales of Total EBITDA Sales of Total EBITDA Sales EBITDA Components 2,724 32 351 3,236 38 441 (16) (20) Engine 2,913 35 427 2,931 35 395 (1) 8 Distribution 2,952 35 370 2,535 30 306 16 21 Power Systems 1,687 20 328 1,444 17 234 17 40 Accelera 110 1 (115) 103 1 (114) 7 (1) Intersegment eliminations (1,930) (23) 28 (1,818) (21) (32) 6 NM Total 8,456 100 1,389 8,431 100 1,230 (1) 
 13 "NM" - not meaningful information (1) EBITDA included 26 million of costs associated with the IPO and divestiture of Atmus for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Net income attributable to Cummins Inc. was 809 million, or 5.86 per diluted share , on sales of 8.5 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable prior year period net income attributable to Cummins Inc. of 656 million, or 4.59 per diluted share, on sales of 8.4 billion. The increases in net income attributable to Cummins Inc. and earnings per diluted share were driven by improved gross margin and favorable changes in corporate owned life insurance. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to favorable pricing and higher volumes, partially offset by the divestiture of Atmus and higher compensation expenses. 
 Nine months ended September 30, Operating Segments 2024 2023 Percent change Percent Percent 2024 vs. 2023 In millions Sales of Total EBITDA Sales of Total EBITDA Sales EBITDA Components 9,038 35 1,230 10,218 40 1,434 (12) (14) Engine 8,992 35 1,286 8,905 35 1,277 1 1 Distribution 8,316 33 978 7,536 29 940 10 4 Power Systems 4,665 18 866 4,244 17 654 10 32 Accelera 314 1 (333) 273 1 (322) 15 (3) Intersegment eliminations (5,670) (22) 1,279 (5,654) (22) (88) NM Total 25,655 100 5,306 (1) 
 25,522 100 3,895 (2) 
 1 36 "NM" - not meaningful information 
 (1) EBITDA included a 1.3 billion gain recognized on the divestiture of Atmus and 35 million of costs associated with the divestiture of Atmus for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) EBITDA included 67 million of costs associated with the IPO and divestiture of Atmus for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Net income attributable to Cummins Inc. was 3.5 billion, or 25.31 per diluted share, on sales of 25.7 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable prior year period net income attributable to Cummins Inc. of 2.2 billion, or 15.19 per diluted share, on sales of 25.5 billion. The increases in net income attributable to Cummins Inc. and earnings per diluted share were driven by the gain recognized on the divestiture of Atmus. Diluted earnings per common share for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, benefited 0.71 from fewer weighted-average shares outstanding due to treasury shares reacquired in the Atmus divestiture. 
 
 2024 Highlights 
 We generated 65 million of cash from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to generating 2.5 billion for the comparable period in 2023. See the section titled "Cash Flows" in the "LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES" section for a discussion of items impacting cash flows. 
 Our debt to capital ratio (total capital defined as debt plus equity) at September 30, 2024, was 40.1 percent, compared to 40.3 percent at December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to the increased equity balance from strong earnings since December 31, 2023, partially offset by higher debt balances at September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, we had 2.3 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand and access to our 4.0 billion credit facilities (net of 1.6 billion of commercial paper outstanding), if necessary, to meet working capital, investment, acquisition and funding needs. 
 In July 2024, we settled the remaining 100 million of interest rate swaps and repaid the outstanding 100 million of our related term loan due in 2025. See NOTE 9, DEBT, and NOTE 13, "DERIVATIVES," to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 In July 2024, the Board of Directors (Board) authorized an increase to our quarterly dividend of approximately 8 percent from 1.68 per share to 1.82 per share. 
 On June 3, 2024, we entered into an amended and restated five-year credit agreement that allows us to borrow up to 2.0 billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to June 3, 2029. The credit agreement amended and restated the prior 2.0 billion five-year credit agreement that would have matured on August 18, 2026. 
 On June 3, 2024, we entered into an amended and restated 364-day credit agreement that allows us to borrow up to 2.0 billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to June 2, 2025. This credit agreement amended and restated the prior 2.0 billion 364-day credit facility that matured on June 3, 2024. 
 In May 2024, we entered into an accounts receivable sales agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., to sell certain accounts receivable up to 500 million. See NOTE 1, "NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION," to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 In the second quarter of 2024, we made 1.9 billion of required payments towards the Settlement Agreements. See NOTE 11, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 In the second quarter of 2024, we settled 400 million of interest rate swaps and paid 400 million of our related term loan due in 2025. See NOTE 9, DEBT, and NOTE 13, "DERIVATIVES," to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 On February 20, 2024, we issued 2.25 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of 500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.90 percent senior unsecured notes due in 2029, 750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.15 percent senior unsecured notes due in 2034 and 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.45 percent senior unsecured notes due in 2054. We received net proceeds of 2.2 billion. See NOTE 9, "DEBT," to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 In the first nine months of 2024, the investment gain on our U.S. pension trusts was 6.3 percent, while our U.K. pension trusts' loss was 3.3 percent. We anticipate making additional defined benefit pension contributions during the remainder of 2024 of 14 million for our U.S. and U.K. qualified and non-qualified pension plans. We expect our 2024 annual net periodic pension cost to approximate 34 million. 
 As of the date of this filing, our credit ratings and outlooks from the credit rating agencies remain unchanged. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Three months ended Favorable/ Nine months ended Favorable/ September 30, (Unfavorable) September 30, (Unfavorable) In millions, except per share amounts 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent NET SALES 8,456 8,431 25 25,655 25,522 133 1 Cost of sales 6,285 6,360 75 1 19,250 19,274 24 GROSS MARGIN 2,171 2,071 100 5 6,405 6,248 157 3 OPERATING EXPENSES AND INCOME Selling, general and administrative expenses 807 831 24 3 2,474 2,457 (17) (1) Research, development and engineering expenses 359 376 17 5 1,107 1,110 3 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees 99 118 (19) (16) 325 370 (45) (12) Other operating expense, net 54 32 (22) (69) 131 78 (53) (68) OPERATING INCOME 1,050 950 100 11 3,018 2,973 45 2 Interest expense 83 97 14 14 281 283 2 1 Other income, net 76 25 51 NM 1,504 166 1,338 NM INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 1,043 878 165 19 4,241 2,856 1,385 48 Income tax expense 200 188 (12) (6) 618 623 5 1 CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME 843 690 153 22 3,623 2,233 1,390 62 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 34 34 95 67 (28) (42) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO CUMMINS INC. 809 656 153 23 3,528 2,166 1,362 63 Diluted Earnings Per Common Share Attributable to Cummins Inc. 5.86 4.59 1.27 28 25.31 15.19 10.12 67 "NM" - not meaningful information 
 Three months ended Favorable/ (Unfavorable) Nine months ended Favorable/ (Unfavorable) September 30, September 30, Percent of sales 2024 2023 Percentage Points 2024 2023 Percentage Points Gross margin 25.7 24.6 1.1 25.0 24.5 0.5 Selling, general and administrative expenses 9.5 9.9 0.4 9.6 9.6 Research, development and engineering expenses 4.2 4.5 0.3 4.3 4.3 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 25 million versus the comparable period in 2023. The primary drivers were as follows: 
 Distribution segment sales increased 16 percent principally due to higher demand in power generation markets, especially in North America and Europe. 
 Power Systems segment sales increased 17 percent primarily due to higher demand in power generation markets, especially in China and North America. 
 These increases were partially offset by the following: 
 Components segment sales decreased 16 percent mainly due to the divestiture of Atmus on March 18, 2024. 
 Engine segment sales decreased 1 percent largely due to lower demand in North American heavy-duty and light-duty automotive truck markets, partially offset by stronger demand in North American medium-duty truck and bus markets. 
 Net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 133 million versus the comparable period in 2023. The primary drivers were as follows: 
 Distribution segment sales increased 10 percent principally due to higher demand in power generation markets, especially in North America and Europe. 
 Power Systems segment sales increased 10 percent primarily due to higher demand in power generation markets, especially in North America and China. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Engine segment sales increased 1 percent largely due to stronger demand in North American medium-duty truck markets, partially offset by lower demand in global construction markets and North American heavy-duty and light-duty automotive truck markets. 
 These increases were partially offset by decreased Components segment sales of 12 percent mainly due to the divestiture of Atmus on March 18, 2024. 
 Sales to international markets (excludes the U.S. and Canada), based on location of customers, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 39 percent and 38 percent of total net sales compared with 38 percent and 39 percent of total net sales for the comparable periods in 2023. A more detailed discussion of sales by segment is presented in the OPERATING SEGMENT RESULTS section. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 The types of expenses included in cost of sales are the following: parts and material consumption, including direct and indirect materials; compensation and related expenses, including variable compensation, salaries and fringe benefits; depreciation on production equipment and facilities and amortization of technology intangibles; estimated costs of warranty programs and campaigns; production utilities; production-related purchasing; warehousing, including receiving and inspection; freight costs; engineering support costs; repairs and maintenance; production and warehousing facility property insurance and rent for production facilities and other production overhead. 
 Gross Margin 
 Gross margin increased 100 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and increased 1.1 points as a percentage of net sales versus the comparable period in 2023. The increases in gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of sales were primarily due to favorable pricing and higher volumes, partially offset by the divestiture of Atmus and higher compensation expenses. Compensation and related expenses included salaries, fringe benefits and variable compensation. 
 Gross margin increased 157 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and increased 0.5 points as a percentage of sales versus the comparable period in 2023. The increases in gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of sales were primarily due to favorable pricing, lower material costs and higher volumes, partially offset by higher compensation expenses, the divestiture of Atmus and increased product coverage. 
 The provision for base warranties issued as a percent of sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 1.9 percent and 1.9 percent, respectively, compared to 1.9 percent and 1.8 percent for the comparable periods in 2023. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 24 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to lower consulting expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 17 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to higher compensation expenses. Compensation and related expenses included salaries, fringe benefits and variable compensation. 
 Research, Development and Engineering Expenses 
 Research, development and engineering expenses decreased 17 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to lower spending on prototypes and external testing and decreased compensation expenses, partially offset by lower expense recoveries. Research, development and engineering expenses decreased 3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to lower spending on external testing. Compensation and related expenses included salaries, fringe benefits and variable compensation. 
 Research activities continue to focus on development of new products and improvements of current technologies to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas-powered engines and related components, as well as development activities around hydrogen engine solutions, battery electric, fuel cell electric and hydrogen production technologies. 
 Equity, Royalty and Interest Income from Investees 
 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees decreased 19 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to lower royalty and interest income from investees and start-up costs at Amplify Cell Technologies LLC, partially offset by higher earnings at Chongqing Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. See NOTE 4, "EQUITY, ROYALTY AND INTEREST INCOME FROM INVESTEES," to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees decreased 45 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to lower royalty and interest income from investees, the absence of earnings from joint ventures associated with the divestiture of Atmus Filtration Technologies Inc. and start-up costs at Amplify Cell Technologies LLC, partially offset by higher earnings at Chongqing Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. 
 Other Operating Expense, Net 
 Other operating expense, net was as follows: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, In millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Amortization of intangible assets (32) (34) 
 (97) (100) Flood damage expenses (10) (10) Loss on write-off of assets (2) (1) (15) (3) Royalty income, net 2 1 7 12 Other, net (12) 2 (16) 13 Total other operating expense, net (54) (32) (131) (78) 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 83 million and 281 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus 97 million and 283 million for the comparable periods in 2023. Interest expense decreased 14 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to lower weighted-average interest rates on borrowings. Interest expense decreased 2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to lower average debt balances, partially offset by higher weighted-average interest rates. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net was as follows: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, In millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Non-service pension and OPEB income 30 32 82 94 Gain (loss) on corporate owned life insurance 29 (28) 30 (8) Interest income 14 24 73 67 Gain on sale of marketable securities, net 6 10 8 Gain related to divestiture of Atmus (1) 
 1,333 Foreign currency loss, net (10) (5) (33) (4) Other, net 7 2 9 9 Total other income, net 76 25 1,504 166 (1) See NOTE 14, "ATMUS INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING (IPO) AND DIVESTITURE," to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax Expense 
 Our effective tax rate for 2024, excluding discrete items, is expected to approximate 23.5 percent. 
 Our effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 19.2 percent and 14.6 percent, respectively. Our effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, were 21.4 percent and 21.8 percent, respectively. 
 The three months ended September 30, 2024, contained net favorable discrete tax items of 36 million, primarily due to 20 million of favorable adjustments from tax return amendments, 15 million of favorable return to provision adjustments and 2 million of favorable share-based compensation tax benefits, partially offset by 1 million of other unfavorable adjustments. 
 The nine months ended September 30, 2024, contained net favorable discrete tax items primarily due to the 1.3 billion non-taxable gain on the Atmus split-off. Other discrete tax items were net favorable by 66 million, primarily due to 21 million of favorable adjustments related to audit settlements, 20 million of favorable adjustments from tax return amendments, 18 million of favorable return to provision adjustments and 17 million of favorable share-based compensation tax benefits, partially offset by 7 million of unfavorable adjustments for uncertain tax positions and 3 million of other unfavorable adjustments. 
 The three months ended September 30, 2023, contained net favorable discrete tax items of 5 million, primarily due to 13 million of favorable return to provision adjustments and 1 million of favorable share-based compensation tax benefits, partially offset by 9 million of unfavorable adjustments for uncertain tax positions. 
 The nine months ended September 30, 2023, contained net favorable discrete tax items of 5 million, primarily due to 15 million of favorable return to provision adjustments and 5 million of favorable share-based compensation tax benefits, partially offset by 11 million of unfavorable adjustments for uncertain tax positions and 4 million of other unfavorable adjustments. 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Noncontrolling interests eliminate the income or loss attributable to non-Cummins ownership interests in our consolidated entities. Noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was flat and increased 28 million versus the comparable periods in 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, higher earnings at Cummins India Limited were offset by the divestiture of Atmus. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to higher earnings at Cummins India Limited and the absence of losses at Hydrogenics Corporation resulting from the June 2023 acquisition, partially offset by lower earnings at Eaton Cummins Joint Venture and the divestiture of Atmus. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Comprehensive Income - Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment 
 The foreign currency translation adjustment was a net gain of 165 million and 22 million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to a net loss of 163 million and 191 million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, driven by the following: 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 In millions Translation adjustment Primary currency driver vs. U.S. dollar Translation adjustment Primary currency driver vs. U.S. dollar Wholly-owned subsidiaries 134 Chinese renminbi, Euro (142) British pound, Brazilian real, Chinese renminbi, Indian rupee Equity method investments 29 Chinese renminbi (14) Chinese renminbi, Indian rupee, Brazilian real Consolidated subsidiaries with a noncontrolling interest 2 Chinese renminbi (7) Indian rupee, Chinese renminbi Total 165 (163) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 In millions Translation adjustment Primary currency driver vs. U.S. dollar Translation adjustment Primary currency driver vs. U.S. dollar Wholly-owned subsidiaries 11 British pound, Euro, partially offset by Brazilian real (141) Chinese renminbi, partially offset by Brazilian real Equity method investments 14 Indian rupee (44) Chinese renminbi, partially offset by Brazilian real Consolidated subsidiaries with a noncontrolling interest (3) Indian rupee (6) Chinese renminbi, Indian rupee Total 22 (191) 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 OPERATING SEGMENT RESULTS 
 Our reportable operating segments consist of the Components, Engine, Distribution, Power Systems and Accelera segments. This reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. We use segment EBITDA as the basis for the Chief Operating Decision Maker to evaluate the performance of each of our reportable operating segments. We believe EBITDA is a useful measure of our operating performance as it assists investors and debt holders in comparing our performance on a consistent basis without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes or depreciation and amortization methods, which can vary significantly depending upon many factors. Segment amounts exclude certain expenses not specifically identifiable to segments. See NOTE 16, "OPERATING SEGMENTS," to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information and a reconciliation of our segment information to the corresponding amounts in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income . 
 
 Following is a discussion of results for each of our operating segments. 
 Components Segment Results 
 Financial data for the Components segment was as follows: 
 Three months ended Favorable/ Nine months ended Favorable/ September 30, (Unfavorable) September 30, (Unfavorable) In millions 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent External sales 2,287 2,780 (493) (18) 7,647 8,747 (1,100) (13) Intersegment sales 437 456 (19) (4) 1,391 1,471 (80) (5) Total sales 2,724 3,236 (512) (16) 9,038 10,218 (1,180) (12) Research, development and engineering expenses 85 93 8 9 250 287 37 13 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees 12 26 (14) (54) 51 71 (20) (28) Interest income 4 8 (4) (50) 21 21 Segment EBITDA (1) 
 351 441 (90) (20) 1,230 1,434 (204) (14) Percentage Points Percentage Points Segment EBITDA as a percentage of total sales 12.9 13.6 (0.7) 13.6 14.0 (0.4) (1) Included 21 million of costs associated with the divestiture of Atmus for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Included 20 million and 50 million of costs associated with the divestiture of Atmus for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 On March 18, 2024, we completed the divestiture of our remaining 80.5 percent ownership of Atmus common stock through a tax-free split-off. See NOTE 14, "ATMUS INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING (IPO) AND DIVESTITURE," to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 As previous announced, beginning in the second quarter of 2024, we realigned certain businesses within our Components segment to be consistent with how our segment manager now monitors performance. We reorganized the businesses to combine the engine components and software and electronics businesses into the newly formed components and software business. In addition, we rebranded our axles and brakes business as drivetrain and braking systems. We began reporting results for these changes within our Components segment effective April 1, 2024, and reflected these changes in the historical periods presented. The change had no impact on our consolidated results. 
 Sales for our Components segment by business were as follows: 
 Three months ended Favorable/ Nine months ended Favorable/ September 30, (Unfavorable) September 30, (Unfavorable) In millions 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent Drivetrain and braking systems 1,131 1,177 (46) (4) 3,619 3,698 (79) (2) Emission solutions 864 893 (29) (3) 2,776 2,913 (137) (5) Components and software 581 583 (2) 1,815 1,832 (17) (1) Automated transmissions 148 187 (39) (21) 475 545 (70) (13) Atmus 396 (396) (100) 353 (1) 
 1,230 (877) (71) Total sales 2,724 3,236 (512) (16) 9,038 10,218 (1,180) (12) (1) Included sales through the March 18, 2024, divestiture. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Sales 
 Components segment sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 512 million versus the comparable period in 2023. The following were the primary drivers by business: 
 Sales decreased 396 million due to the Atmus divestiture on March 18, 2024. 
 Drivetrain and braking systems decreased 46 million primarily due to lower demand in North American heavy-duty truck markets. 
 Components segment sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 1.2 billion versus the comparable period in 2023. The following were the primary drivers by business: 
 Sales decreased 877 million due to the Atmus divestiture on March 18, 2024. 
 Emission solutions sales decreased 137 million principally due to lower demand in China. 
 Segment EBITDA 
 Components segment EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 90 million versus the comparable period in 2023, mainly due to the divestiture of Atmus and lower volumes. 
 Components segment EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 204 million versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to the divestiture of Atmus, increased product coverage costs and higher compensation expenses, partially offset by lower material costs. 
 
 Engine Segment Results 
 Financial data for the Engine segment was as follows: 
 Three months ended Favorable/ Nine months ended Favorable/ September 30, (Unfavorable) September 30, (Unfavorable) In millions 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent External sales 2,215 2,236 (21) (1) 6,923 6,751 172 3 Intersegment sales 698 695 3 2,069 2,154 (85) (4) Total sales 2,913 2,931 (18) (1) 8,992 8,905 87 1 Research, development and engineering expenses 147 159 12 8 468 441 (27) (6) Equity, royalty and interest income from investees 53 62 (9) (15) 158 198 (40) (20) Interest income 2 4 (2) (50) 16 14 2 14 Segment EBITDA 427 395 32 8 1,286 1,277 9 1 Percentage Points Percentage Points Segment EBITDA as a percentage of total sales 14.7 13.5 1.2 14.3 14.3 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Sales for our Engine segment by market were as follows: 
 Three months ended Favorable/ Nine months ended Favorable/ September 30, (Unfavorable) September 30, (Unfavorable) In millions 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent Heavy-duty truck 1,021 1,116 (95) (9) 3,264 3,347 (83) (2) Medium-duty truck and bus 1,073 931 142 15 3,142 2,776 366 13 Light-duty automotive 395 455 (60) (13) 1,294 1,339 (45) (3) Total on-highway 2,489 2,502 (13) (1) 7,700 7,462 238 3 Off-highway 424 429 (5) (1) 1,292 1,443 (151) (10) Total sales 2,913 2,931 (18) (1) 8,992 8,905 87 1 Percentage Points Percentage Points On-highway sales as percentage of total sales 85 85 86 84 2 
 Unit shipments by engine classification (including unit shipments to Power Systems and off-highway engine units included in their respective classification) were as follows: 
 Three months ended Favorable/ Nine months ended Favorable/ September 30, (Unfavorable) September 30, (Unfavorable) 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent Heavy-duty 32,400 36,300 (3,900) (11) 103,500 107,400 (3,900) (4) Medium-duty 79,200 71,300 7,900 11 234,600 226,200 8,400 4 Light-duty 41,400 53,300 (11,900) (22) 153,400 161,900 (8,500) (5) Total unit shipments 153,000 160,900 (7,900) (5) 491,500 495,500 (4,000) (1) 
 Sales 
 Engine segment sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 18 million versus the comparable period in 2023. The following were the primary drivers by market: 
 Heavy-duty truck sales decreased 95 million mainly due to weaker demand in North America with shipments down 16 percent. 
 Light-duty automotive sales decreased 60 million primarily due to lower demand in North America with shipments down 31 percent, partially offset by a customer agreement providing for a price adjustment for certain units sold beginning January 1, 2024, and recorded in the third quarter. 
 These decreases were partially offset by increased m edium-duty truck and bus sales of 142 million primarily in the North American truck market with shipments up 14 percent. 
 Engine segment sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 87 million versus the comparable period in 2023. The primary driver by market was an increase in medium-duty truck and bus sales of 366 million principally due to higher medium-duty truck demand, especially in North America with shipments up 15 percent, and favorable pricing. 
 The increase was partially offset by the following: 
 Off-highway sales decreased 151 million mainly due to lower demand in global construction markets, especially in China and Western Europe. 
 Heavy-duty truck sales decreased 83 million primarily due to weaker demand in North America with shipments down 7 percent. 
 Light-duty automotive sales decreased 45 million principally due to lower demand in North America with shipments down 9 percent, partially offset by a customer agreement providing for a price adjustment for certain units sold beginning January 1, 2024 and recorded in the third quarter. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Segment EBITDA 
 Engine segment EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased 32 million versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to favorable pricing, partially offset by lower volumes, increased product coverage costs, higher compensation expenses and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees. 
 Engine segment EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 9 million versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to favorable pricing and lower material costs, partially offset by higher compensation expenses, lower volumes, increased product coverage, higher managed expenses, lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees and unfavorable mix. 
 
 Distribution Segment Results 
 Financial data for the Distribution segment was as follows: 
 Three months ended Favorable/ Nine months ended Favorable/ September 30, (Unfavorable) September 30, (Unfavorable) In millions 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent External sales 2,942 2,519 423 17 8,292 7,494 798 11 Intersegment sales 10 16 (6) (38) 24 42 (18) (43) Total sales 2,952 2,535 417 16 8,316 7,536 780 10 Research, development and engineering expenses 13 14 1 7 41 43 2 5 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees 25 22 3 14 73 70 3 4 Interest income 7 9 (2) (22) 29 24 5 21 Segment EBITDA 370 306 64 21 978 940 38 4 Percentage Points Percentage Points Segment EBITDA as a percentage of total sales 12.5 12.1 0.4 11.8 12.5 (0.7) 
 Sales for our Distribution segment by region were as follows: 
 Three months ended Favorable/ Nine months ended Favorable/ September 30, (Unfavorable) September 30, (Unfavorable) In millions 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent North America 1,950 1,731 219 13 5,574 5,223 351 7 Asia Pacific 343 292 51 17 938 798 140 18 Europe 310 200 110 55 835 608 227 37 China 120 112 8 7 352 327 25 8 Africa and Middle East 80 77 3 4 194 219 (25) (11) India 78 68 10 15 228 192 36 19 Latin America 71 55 16 29 195 169 26 15 Total sales 2,952 2,535 417 16 8,316 7,536 780 10 
 Sales for our Distribution segment by product line were as follows: 
 Three months ended Favorable/ Nine months ended Favorable/ September 30, (Unfavorable) September 30, (Unfavorable) In millions 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent Power generation 1,091 606 485 80 2,752 1,712 1,040 61 Parts 1,004 995 9 1 2,995 3,071 (76) (2) Service 455 423 32 8 1,309 1,255 54 4 Engines 402 511 (109) (21) 1,260 1,498 (238) (16) Total sales 2,952 2,535 417 16 8,316 7,536 780 10 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Sales 
 Distribution segment sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased 417 million versus the comparable period in 2023. The following were the primary drivers by region: 
 North American sales increased 219 million principally due to higher demand in power generation markets, especially data center and commercial markets, partially offset by lower demand for engines. 
 European sales increased 110 million mainly due to favorable demand in power generation markets. 
 Distribution segment sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 780 million versus the comparable period in 2023. The following were the primary drivers by region: 
 North American sales increased 351 million principally due to higher demand in power generation markets, especially data center and commercial markets, partially offset by lower demand for engines and aftermarket products. 
 European sales increased 227 million mainly due to favorable demand in power generation markets. 
 Asia Pacific sales increased 140 million primarily due to strong demand in power generation markets, especially data center markets and service volume. 
 Segment EBITDA 
 Distribution segment EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased 64 million versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to increased volumes, partially offset by higher compensation expenses. 
 Distribution segment EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 38 million versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to favorable pricing, partially offset by higher compensation expenses and unfavorable mix. 
 
 Power Systems Segment Results 
 Financial data for the Power Systems segment was as follows: 
 Three months ended Favorable/ Nine months ended Favorable/ September 30, (Unfavorable) September 30, (Unfavorable) In millions 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent External sales 912 798 114 14 2,508 2,271 237 10 Intersegment sales 775 646 129 20 2,157 1,973 184 9 Total sales 1,687 1,444 243 17 4,665 4,244 421 10 Research, development and engineering expenses 57 60 3 5 180 189 9 5 Equity, royalty and interest income from investees 20 11 9 82 65 42 23 55 Interest income 1 3 (2) (67) 7 7 Segment EBITDA 328 234 94 40 866 654 212 32 Percentage Points Percentage Points Segment EBITDA as a percentage of total sales 19.4 16.2 3.2 18.6 15.4 3.2 
 Sales for our Power Systems segment by product line were as follows: 
 
 Three months ended Favorable/ Nine months ended Favorable/ September 30, (Unfavorable) September 30, (Unfavorable) In millions 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent Power generation 1,055 850 205 24 2,895 2,474 421 17 Industrial 508 475 33 7 1,406 1,398 8 1 Generator technologies 124 119 5 4 364 372 (8) (2) Total sales 1,687 1,444 243 17 4,665 4,244 421 10 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Sales 
 Power Systems segment sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 243 million and 421 million, respectively, versus the comparable periods in 2023, primarily due to an increase in global power generation sales (especially in data center markets). 
 Segment EBITDA 
 Power Systems segment EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 94 million and 212 million, respectively, versus the comparable periods in 2023, mainly due to favorable pricing and higher volumes, partially offset by higher compensation expenses. 
 
 Accelera Segment Results 
 Financial data for the Accelera segment was as follows: 
 Three months ended Favorable/ Nine months ended Favorable/ September 30, (Unfavorable) September 30, (Unfavorable) In millions 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent External sales 100 98 2 2 285 259 26 10 Intersegment sales 10 5 5 100 29 14 15 NM Total sales 110 103 7 7 314 273 41 15 Research, development and engineering expenses 57 50 (7) (14) 166 150 (16) (11) Equity, royalty and interest loss from investees (11) (3) (8) NM (22) (11) (11) (100) Interest income 1 (1) (100) Segment EBITDA (115) (114) (1) (1) (333) (322) (11) (3) "NM" - not meaningful information 
 
 Accelera segment sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 7 million and 41 million versus the comparable periods in 2023 primarily due to improved sales of electrolyzers, partially offset by lower electrified powertrain sales. 
 
 OUTLOOK 
 Our outlook reflects the following positive trends and challenges to our business that could impact our revenue and earnings potential for the remainder of 2024. 
 Positive Trends 
 We expect demand for medium-duty trucks in North America to remain strong. 
 We believe market demand for trucks in India will continue to be strong. 
 We expect demand within our Power Systems business to remain strong, including the power generation and mining markets. 
 We anticipate demand in our aftermarket business will continue to be robust, driven primarily by strong demand in our Engine and Power Systems businesses. 
 We expect demand for trucks in China to remain stable in 2024. 
 Challenges 
 We expect demand for heavy-duty trucks in North America to weaken modestly during the remainder of 2024. 
 Increases in costs, as well as other inflationary pressures, could negatively impact earnings. 
 The financial implications resulting from our Settlement Agreements will result in incremental interest expense for debt utilized in funding the civil penalty. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Key Working Capital and Balance Sheet Data 
 We fund our working capital with cash from operations and short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, when necessary. Various assets and liabilities, including short-term debt, can fluctuate significantly from month to month depending on short-term liquidity needs. As a result, working capital is a prime focus of management's attention. Working capital and balance sheet measures are provided in the following table: 
 Dollars in millions September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Working capital (1) 
 3,713 2,295 Current ratio 1.32 1.18 Accounts and notes receivable, net 5,387 5,583 Days' sales in receivables 59 58 Inventories 6,134 5,677 Inventory turnover 4.2 4.5 Accounts payable (principally trade) 4,206 4,260 Days' payable outstanding 61 62 Total debt 7,587 6,696 Total debt as a percent of total capital 40.1 40.3 (1) Working capital included cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Cash and cash equivalents were impacted as follows: 
 Nine months ended September 30, In millions 2024 2023 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 65 2,507 (2,442) Net cash used in investing activities (1,069) (860) (209) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 564 (1,069) 1,633 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (6) (67) 61 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (446) 511 (957) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 2.4 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to higher working capital requirements of 2.6 billion. The higher working capital requirements resulted in a cash outflow of 3.0 billion compared to a cash outflow of 370 million in the comparable period of 2023, mainly due to 1.9 billion of payments required by the Settlement Agreements. 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased 209 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to cash associated with the Atmus divestiture. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities increased 1.6 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to higher proceeds from borrowings of 1.8 billion (principally related to our 2024 note issuance) and increased net borrowings of commercial paper of 706 million, partially offset by higher payments on borrowings and finance lease obligations of 995 million (largely related to increased early payments of 950 million on our term loan, due 2025, compared to the prior year). 
 The effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, changed 61 million primarily due to favorable fluctuations in the British pound and Chinese renminbi. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Sources of Liquidity 
 We generate significant ongoing cash flow. Cash provided by operations is generally our principal source of liquidity. In February, we issued 2.25 billion in long-term debt to pay down higher cost debt, finance Settlement Agreement payments and improve our overall liquidity. Our sources of liquidity include the following: 
 September 30, 2024 In millions Total U.S. International Primary location of international balances Cash and cash equivalents 1,733 843 890 Singapore, Australia, Mexico, China, Belgium Marketable securities (1) 
 518 87 431 India Total 2,251 930 1,321 Available credit capacity Revolving credit facilities (2) 
 2,364 International and other uncommitted domestic credit facilities 527 (1) The majority of marketable securities could be liquidated into cash within a few days. 
 (2) The five-year credit facility for 2.0 billion and the 364-day credit facility for 2.0 billion, maturing June 2029 and June 2025, respectively, are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes. At September 30, 2024, we had 1.6 billion of commercial paper outstanding, which effectively reduced our available capacity under our revolving credit facilities to 2.4 billion. 
 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities 
 A significant portion of our cash flow is generated outside the U.S. We manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. As a result, we do not anticipate any local liquidity restrictions to preclude us from funding our operating needs with local resources. 
 If we distribute our foreign cash balances to the U.S. or to other foreign subsidiaries, we could be required to accrue and pay withholding taxes, for example, if we repatriated cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings we asserted are completely or partially permanently reinvested. Foreign earnings for which we assert permanent reinvestment outside the U.S. consist primarily of earnings of our China, India, Canada (including underlying subsidiaries) and Netherlands domiciled subsidiaries. At present, we do not foresee a need to repatriate any earnings for which we assert permanent reinvestment. However, to help fund cash needs of the U.S. or other international subsidiaries as they arise, we repatriate available cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings are not completely permanently reinvested when cost effective to do so. 
 Debt Facilities and Other Sources of Liquidity 
 On June 3, 2024, we entered into an amended and restated five-year credit agreement that allows us to borrow up to 2.0 billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to June 3, 2029. The credit agreement amended and restated the prior 2.0 billion five-year credit agreement that would have matured on August 18, 2026. 
 On June 3, 2024, we entered into an amended and restated 364-day credit agreement that allows us to borrow up to 2.0 billion of unsecured funds at any time prior to June 2, 2025. This credit agreement amended and restated the prior 2.0 billion 364-day credit facility that matured on June 3, 2024. 
 On February 20, 2024, we issued 2.25 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes consisting of 500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.90 percent senior unsecured notes due in 2029, 750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.15 percent senior unsecured notes due in 2034 and 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.45 percent senior unsecured notes due in 2054. We received net proceeds of 2.2 billion. See NOTE 9, "DEBT," to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Our committed credit facilities provide access up to 4.0 billion, including our 2.0 billion 364-day facility that expires June 2, 2025, and our 2.0 billion five-year facility that expires on June 3, 2029. These revolving credit facilities are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes. We intend to maintain credit facilities at the current or higher aggregate amounts by renewing or replacing these facilities at or before expiration. There were no outstanding borrowings under these facilities at September 30, 2024. 
 Our committed credit facilities provide access up to 4.0 billion of unsecured, short-term promissory notes (commercial paper) pursuant to the Board authorized commercial paper programs. These programs facilitate the private placement of unsecured short-term 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 debt through third-party brokers. We intend to use the net proceeds from the commercial paper borrowings for general corporate purposes. The total combined borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs should not exceed 4.0 billion. At September 30, 2024, we had 1.6 billion of commercial paper outstanding, which effectively reduced our available capacity under our revolving credit facilities to 2.4 billion. See NOTE 9, "DEBT," to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 As a well-known seasoned issuer, we filed an automatic shelf registration of an undetermined amount of debt and equity with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 8, 2022. Under this shelf registration we may offer, from time to time, debt securities, common stock, preferred and preference stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units. 
 Supply Chain Financing 
 We currently have supply chain financing programs with financial intermediaries, which provide certain vendors the option to be paid by financial intermediaries earlier than the due date on the applicable invoice. When a vendor utilizes the program and receives an early payment from a financial intermediary, they take a discount on the invoice. We then pay the financial intermediary the face amount of the invoice on the original due date, which generally have 60 to 90 day payment terms. The maximum amount that we could have outstanding under these programs was 551 million. We do not reimburse vendors for any costs they incur for participation in the program, their participation is completely voluntary and there are no assets pledged as security or other forms of guarantees provided for the committed payment to the finance provider or intermediary. As a result, all amounts owed to the financial intermediaries are presented as accounts payable in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets . Amounts due to the financial intermediaries reflected in accounts payable at September 30, 2024, were 154 million. 
 Accounts Receivable Sales Program 
 In May 2024, we entered into an accounts receivable sales agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., to sell certain accounts receivable up to the Board approved limit of 500 million. There was no activity under the program during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. See NOTE 1, "NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION," to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Uses of Cash 
 Settlement Agreements 
 In December 2023, we announced that we reached an agreement in principle with the EPA, CARB, the Environmental and Natural Resources Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and the California Attorney General s Office to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S., which became final and effective in April 2024 (collectively, the Settlement Agreements). As part of the Settlement Agreements, among other things, we agreed to pay civil penalties, complete recall requirements, undertake mitigation projects, provide extended warranties, undertake certain testing, take certain corporate compliance measures and make certain payments. Failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the Settlement Agreements subjects us to stipulated penalties. We recorded a charge of 2.0 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 to resolve the matters addressed by the Settlement Agreements involving approximately one million of our pick-up truck applications in the U.S. This charge was in addition to the previously announced charges of 59 million for the recalls of model years 2013 through 2018 RAM 2500 and 3500 trucks and model years 2016 through 2019 Titan trucks. We made 1.9 billion of payments required by the Settlement Agreements in the second quarter of 2024. In the third quarter of 2024, we have accrued immaterial amounts related to stipulated penalties we determined to be probable and estimable. Any further non-compliance with the Settlement Agreements will likely subject us to further stipulated penalties and other adverse consequences. See NOTE 11, "COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES," to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Dividends 
 We paid dividends of 719 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In July 2024, the Board authorized an increase to our quarterly dividend of approximately 8 percent from 1.68 per share to 1.82 per share. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 668 million versus 694 million in the comparable period in 2023. We continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions. We plan to spend an estimated 1.2 billion to 1.3 billion in 2024 on capital expenditures with over 65 percent of these expenditures expected to be invested in North America. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Current Maturities of Short and Long-Term Debt 
 We had 1.6 billion of commercial paper outstanding at September 30, 2024, that matures in less than one year. The maturity schedule of our existing long-term debt requires significant cash outflows in 2025 when our 0.75 percent senior notes are due. Required annual long-term debt principal payments range from 60 million to 661 million over the next five years (including the remainder of 2024). We intend to retain our strong investment credit ratings. See NOTE 9, "DEBT," to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Pensions 
 Our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 113 percent funded at December 31, 2023. Our U.S. defined benefit plans (qualified and non-qualified), which represented approximately 69 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, were 113 percent funded, and our U.K. defined benefit plans were 113 percent funded at December 31, 2023. The funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans. In the first nine months of 2024, the investment gain on our U.S. pension trusts was 6.3 percent, while our U.K. pension trusts' loss was 3.3 percent. We anticipate making additional defined benefit pension contributions during the remainder of 2024 of 14 million for our U.S. and U.K. qualified and non-qualified pension plans. These contributions may be made from trusts or company funds either to increase pension assets or to make direct benefit payments to plan participants. We expect our 2024 annual net periodic pension cost to approximate 34 million. 
 Stock Repurchases 
 In December 2021, the Board authorized the acquisition of up to 2.0 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the 2.0 billion repurchase plan authorized in 2019. We did not make any repurchases of common stock in the first nine months of 2024. The dollar value remaining available for future purchases under the 2019 program at September 30, 2024, was 218 million. 
 Amplify Cell Technologies LLC Joint Venture 
 In September 2023, our Accelera business signed an agreement to form a joint venture, Amplify Cell Technologies LLC, with Daimler Trucks and Buses US Holding LLC (Daimler Truck), PACCAR Inc. (PACCAR) and EVE Energy to accelerate and localize battery cell production and the battery supply chain in the U.S., including building a 21-gigawatt hour battery production facility in Marshall County, Mississippi. The joint venture will manufacture battery cells for electric commercial vehicles and industrial applications. At September 30, 2024, our maximum remaining required contribution to the joint venture was 704 million, which could be reduced by future government incentives received by the joint venture. The majority of the contribution is expected to be made by the end of 2028. See NOTE 4, "EQUITY, ROYALTY AND INTEREST INCOME FROM INVESTEES," to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Credit Ratings 
 Our rating and outlook from each of the credit rating agencies as of the date of filing are shown in the table below: 
 Long-Term Short-Term Credit Rating Agency (1) 
 Senior Debt Rating Debt Rating Outlook Standard and Poor s Rating Services A A1 Stable Moody s Investors Service, Inc. A2 P1 Stable (1) Credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, are subject to change, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. In addition, we undertake no obligation to update disclosures concerning our credit ratings, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Management's Assessment of Liquidity 
 Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. Our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. We believe our access to capital markets, our existing cash and marketable securities, operating cash flow and revolving credit facilities provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund targeted capital expenditures, dividend payments, debt service obligations, projected pension obligations, common stock repurchases and fund joint venture contributions and acquisitions through 2024 and beyond. We continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs as noted above. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 A summary of our significant accounting policies is included in NOTE 1, SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of our 2023 Form 10-K , which discusses accounting policies that we have selected from acceptable alternatives. 
 Our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that often require management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts presented and disclosed in the financial statements. Management reviews these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in business conditions and other relevant factors they believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. In any given reporting period, our actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used in preparing our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Critical accounting estimates are defined as follows: the estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the estimate was made; different estimates reasonably could have been used; or if changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period to period and the change would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Our senior management has discussed the development and selection of our accounting policies, related accounting estimates and the disclosures set forth below with the Audit Committee of the Board. Our critical accounting estimates disclosed in the Form 10-K address estimating liabilities for warranty programs, fair value of intangible assets, assessing goodwill impairment, accounting for income taxes and pension benefits. 
 A discussion of our critical accounting estimates may be found in the Management s Discussion and Analysis section of our 2023 Form 10-K under the caption APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES. Within the context of these critical accounting estimates, we are not currently aware of any reasonably likely events or circumstances that would result in different policies or estimates being reported in the first nine months of 2024. 
 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 See NOTE 17, "RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS," in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 A discussion of quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk may be found in Item 7A of our 2023 Form 10-K . There have been no material changes in this information since the filing of our 2023 Form 10-K . 
 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and our CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to management, including our CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The matters described under "Legal Proceedings" in NOTE 11, "COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES," to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are incorporated herein by reference. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to other information set forth in this report and the risk factor noted below, you should consider other risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 , which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. Other than noted below, there have been no material changes to our risks described in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K or the "CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION" in this Quarterly report. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently judge to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATION 
 While we have reached Settlement Agreements with the EPA, CARB, the Environmental and Natural Resources Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and the California Attorney General's Office to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S., we have incurred, and likely will incur, other additional claims, costs and expenses in connection with the matters covered by the Settlement Agreements and other matters related to our compliance with emission standards for our engines, including with respect to additional regulatory action and collateral litigation related to these matters. Those and related expenses and reputational damage could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 In December 2023, we announced that we reached the agreement in principle and recorded a charge of 2.0 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S., which became final and effective in April 2024. This fourth quarter of 2023 charge was in addition to the previously announced charges of 59 million for the recalls of model years 2013 through 2018 RAM 2500 and 3500 trucks and model years 2016 through 2019 Titan trucks. Failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the Settlement Agreements subjects us to stipulated penalties. In the third quarter of 2024, we have accrued immaterial amounts related to stipulated penalties we determined to be probable and estimable. Any further non-compliance with the Settlement Agreements will likely subject us to further stipulated penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 We have also been in communication with other non-U.S. regulators regarding matters related to the emission systems in our engines and may also become subject to additional regulatory review in connection with these matters. 
 In connection with our announcement of our entry into the agreement in principle, we became subject to shareholder, consumer and third-party litigation regarding the matters covered by the Settlement Agreements, and we may become subject to additional litigation in connection with these matters. 
 The consequences resulting from the resolution of the foregoing matters are uncertain and the related expenses and reputational damage could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. See NOTE 11, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The following information is provided pursuant to Item 703 of Regulation S-K: 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate 
 Dollar Value of Shares 
 that May Yet Be 
 Purchased Under the 
 Plans or Programs 
 (in millions) (1) 
 July 1 - July 31 2,218 August 1 - August 31 2,218 September 1 - September 30 2,218 Total (1) Shares repurchased under our Key Employee Stock Investment Plan only occur in the event of a participant default, which cannot be predicted, and were excluded from this column. 
 
 In December 2021, the Board authorized the acquisition of up to 2.0 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the 2.0 billion repurchase plan authorized in 2019. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we did not make any repurchases of common stock. The dollar value remaining available for future purchases under the 2019 program at September 30, 2024, was 218 million. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Our Key Employee Stock Investment Plan allows certain employees, other than officers, to purchase shares of common stock on an installment basis up to an established credit limit. We hold participants shares as security for the loans and would, in effect, repurchase shares only if the participant defaulted in repayment of the loan. Shares associated with participants' sales are sold as open-market transactions via a third-party broker. 
 
 ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 
 (c) During the third quarter of 2024, none of our directors or executive officers or any or (as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 
 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index are filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 CUMMINS INC. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 31(a) 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31(b) 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q are the following documents formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and (vii) the information included in Part II. Item 5(c). 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Cummins Inc. Date: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ MARK A. SMITH By: /s/ LUTHER E. PETERS Mark A. Smith Luther E. Peters Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Vice President-Controller (Principal Financial Officer) (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 54 

<EX-31.A>
 2
 cmi2024q310-qex31a.htm
 EX-31.A

Document 

EXHIBIT 31(a) 
 Certification 
 I, Jennifer Rumsey, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Cummins Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 5, 2024 s JENNIFER RUMSEY Jennifer Rumsey Chair and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 3
 cmi2024q310-qex31b.htm
 EX-31.B

Document 

EXHIBIT 31(b) 
 Certification 
 I, Mark A. Smith, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Cummins Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 5, 2024 s MARK A. SMITH Mark A. Smith Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32>
 4
 cmi2024q310-qex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 Cummins Inc. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Cummins Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of such officer's knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 November 5, 2024 s JENNIFER RUMSEY Jennifer Rumsey Chair and Chief Executive Officer November 5, 2024 s MARK A. SMITH Mark A. Smith Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cmi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 cmi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cmi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cmi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cmi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

