<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_101199_0000101199-24-000067.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13350870</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119549</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1659119</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6425717</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2401732</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2376882</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000101199-24-000067.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106125612
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000101199-24-000067
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED FIRE GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000101199
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				452302834
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34257
		FILM NUMBER:		241430000

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		118 SECOND AVE SE
		CITY:			CEDAR RAPIDS
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			52401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3193995700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 73909
		CITY:			CEDAR RAPIDS
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			52407

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED FIRE GROUP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED FIRE & CASUALTY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000101199-24-000067.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 ufcs-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ufcs-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 
 
 ________________________ 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act of 1934: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 
 
 As of November 1, 2024, shares of common stock were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

United Fire Group, Inc. 
 Index to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 September 30, 2024 
 Page Forward-Looking Information 
 1 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (unaudited) for the three- and nine - month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity (unaudited) for the three- and nine - month periods ended S eptember 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the nine -month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 51 
 Part II. Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 52 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 52 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 52 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 52 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 52 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 52 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 53 
 Signatur es 
 54 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 This report may contain forward-looking statements about our operations, anticipated performance and other similar matters. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), for forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expected and/or projected. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about United Fire Group, Inc. ("UFG," the "Registrant," the "Company," "we," "us," or "our"), the industry in which we operate, and beliefs and assumptions made by management. Words such as "expect(s)," "anticipate(s)," "intend(s)," "plan(s)," "believe(s)," "continue(s)," "seek(s)," "estimate(s)," "goal(s)," "remain(s) optimistic," "target(s)," "forecast(s)," "project(s)," "predict(s)," "should," "could," "may," "will," "might," "hope," "can" and other words and terms of similar meaning or expression in connection with a discussion of future operations, financial performance or financial condition, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. See Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") for more information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. 
 Risks and uncertainties that may affect the actual financial condition and results of the Company include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Our ability to effectively underwrite and adequately price insured risks; 
 Risks related to our investment portfolio that could negatively affect our profitability; 
 General macroeconomic conditions, interest rate risk, the impact of inflation and changes in governmental regulations and monetary policy; 
 Geographic concentration risk in our property and casualty insurance business; 
 The properties we insure are exposed to various natural perils that can give rise to significant claims costs; 
 Changing weather patterns and climate change add to the unpredictability, frequency and severity of catastrophe losses and may adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition; 
 Further downgrades of the financial strength ratings of our operating subsidiaries or our issuer credit ratings and the adverse impact such action may have on our premium writings, policy retention, profitability and liquidity; 
 We may be unable to attract, retain or effectively manage the succession of key personnel; 
 The risk of not being able to predict the rising cost of insurance claims resulting from changing societal expectations that lead to increasing litigation, broader definitions of liability, broader contract interpretations, more plaintiff-friendly legal decisions and larger compensatory jury awards; 
 The potential disruption of our operations and reputation due to unauthorized data access, cyber-attacks or cyber-terrorism and other security breaches; 
 The adequacy of our reserves for property and casualty insurance losses and loss settlement expenses; 
 Our core insurance business is dependent on strong and beneficial relationships with a large network of independent insurance agents and not maintaining these relationships could result in loss of sufficient business opportunities within our expertise and stated risk appetite; 
 Competitive, legal, regulatory or tax changes that affect the distribution cost or demand for our products through our independent agent/agency distribution network; 
 Governmental actions, policies and regulations, including, but not limited to, domestic health care reform, financial services regulatory reform, and other federal stimulus relief legislation, corporate governance, new laws or regulations or court decisions interpreting existing laws and regulations or policy provisions; changes in laws, regulations and stock exchange requirements relating to corporate governance and the cost of compliance; 
 We will be at a competitive disadvantage if, over time, our competitors are more effective than us in their utilization of technology and evolving data analytics; 
 We may be unable to secure reinsurance capacity that provides necessary risk protection at a reasonable cost; and 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Our stock price could become more volatile and your investment could lose value. 
 These are representative of the risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from what is expressed in forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report or as of the date they are made. Except as required under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the SEC, we do not have any intention or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

United Fire Group, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Investments: Fixed maturities, available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost in 2024 and in 2023) 
 Equity securities at fair value (cost in 2024 and in 2023) 
 Mortgage loans (less allowance for credit loss of in 2024 and in 2023) 
 Other long-term investments Short-term investments Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Accrued investment income Premiums receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of in 2024 and in 2023) 
 Deferred policy acquisition costs Property and equipment at cost (less accumulated depreciation of in 2024 and in 2023) 
 Reinsurance receivables (net of allowance for credit losses of in 2024 and in 2023) 
 Prepaid reinsurance premiums Intangible assets Deferred tax asset Income taxes receivable Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Liabilities Losses and loss settlement expenses Unearned premiums Accrued expenses and other liabilities Long term debt TOTAL LIABILITIES Stockholders' Equity Common stock, par value; authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 The Notes to unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

United Fire Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except share and per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Net premiums earned Net investment income Net investment gains (losses) (includes reclassifications for net unrealized investment gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities of ) and ) in 2024 and ) and ) in 2023; previously included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)) 
 ) ) ) ) Other income (loss) ) Total revenues Benefits, Losses and Expenses Losses and loss settlement expenses Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs Other underwriting expenses (includes reclassifications for employee benefit costs of and in 2024 and and in 2023; previously included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)) 
 Interest expense Other non-underwriting expenses Total benefits, losses and expenses Income (loss) before income taxes ) Federal income tax expense (benefit) (includes reclassifications of and in 2024 and and in 2023; previously included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)) 
 ) Net Income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) ) Change in liability for underfunded employee benefit plans ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax and reclassification adjustments ) ) Income tax effect ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), after tax, before reclassification adjustments ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net investment losses included in income Reclassification adjustment for employee benefit costs included in expense Total reclassification adjustments, before tax Income tax effect ) ) ) ) Total reclassification adjustments, after tax Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Earnings per common share: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 The Notes to unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

United Fire Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Stock (In thousands, except share data) Shares outstanding Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retaining Earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total Balance January 1, 2024 ) Net income (loss) Stock based compensation Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Change in net unrealized investment gain (loss) (1) 
 ) ) Change in liability for underfunded employee benefit plans (2) 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Balance March 31, 2024 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Stock based compensation Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Change in net unrealized investment gain (loss) (1) 
 ) ) Change in liability for underfunded employee benefit plans (2) 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance June 30, 2024 ) Net income (loss) Shares repurchased Stock based compensation Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Change in net unrealized investment gain (loss) (1) 
 Change in liability for underfunded employee benefit plans (2) 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance September 30, 2024 ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 The Notes to unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

United Fire Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Stock (In thousands, except share data) Shares outstanding Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retaining Earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total Balance January 1, 2023 ) Net income (loss) Stock based compensation Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Change in net unrealized investment gain (loss) (1) 
 Change in liability for underfunded employee benefit plans (2) 
 ) ) Balance March 31, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Stock based compensation Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Change in net unrealized investment gain (loss) (1) 
 ) ) Change in liability for underfunded employee benefit plans (2) 
 ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle Balance June 30, 2023 ) Net income (loss) Shares repurchased Stock based compensation Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Change in net unrealized investment gain (loss) (1) 
 ) ) Change in liability for underfunded employee benefit plans (2) 
 ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle Balance September 30, 2023 ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 The Notes to unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

6 

Table of Contents 

United Fire Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Cash Flows From Operating Activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net accretion of bond premium Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Net investment (gains) losses Net cash flows from equity and trading investments Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Changes in: Accrued investment income ) ) Premiums receivable ) ) Deferred policy acquisition costs ) ) Reinsurance receivables ) ) Prepaid reinsurance premiums ) ) Income taxes receivable ) Other assets ) Losses and loss settlement expenses Unearned premiums Accrued expenses and other liabilities Other, net ) Cash from operating activities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale investments Proceeds from call and maturity of available-for-sale investments Proceeds from sale of other investments Purchase of investments in mortgage loans ) Purchase of investments available-for-sale ) ) Purchase of other investments ) ) Net purchases and sales of property and equipment ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities Debt Note Issuance Issuance of common stock ) ) Payment of cash dividends ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Income taxes paid Interest paid 
 The Notes to unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

UNITED FIRE GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts or as otherwise noted) 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 states and the District of Columbia. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 Management believes the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements contain all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The results reported for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that may be expected for the year. The Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed on February 29, 2024. 
 Segment Information 
 reporting segment, which is consistent with and reflects the manner by which our Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM") views and manages the business. The property and casualty insurance business profit or loss is consistent with consolidated reporting as disclosed on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. We analyze the property and casualty insurance business results based on profitability (i.e., loss ratios), expenses and return on equity. The Company's property and casualty insurance business was determined using a management approach to make decisions on operating matters, including allocating resources, assessing performance, determining which products to market and sell, determining distribution networks with insurance agents and monitoring the regulatory environment. The property and casualty insurance business products have similar economic characteristics and use a similar marketing and distribution strategy with our independent agents. We will continue to evaluate our operations on the basis of both statutory accounting principles prescribed or permitted by our states of domicile and GAAP. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Underwriting costs deferred Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs ) Recorded asset at September 30, 2024 

Other Intangible Assets 
 to years, with the exception of state insurance licenses, which are indefinite-lived and not amortized. 
 Contingent Liability 
 million to cover our anticipated exposure for this matter based on information available to management at this time. This amount is recorded as "Other income (loss)" in the Consolidated Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Long Term Debt 
 For more information on long-term debt refer to Note 8 "Debt." 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 compared to an income tax benefit of during the same period of 2023. Our effective tax rate for 2024 and 2023 is different than the federal statutory rate of 21 percent, due principally to the net effect of tax-exempt municipal bond interest income. 
 The Company performs a quarterly review of its tax positions and makes a determination of whether it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination. If, based on this review, it appears not more likely than not that the positions will be sustained, the Company will calculate any unrecognized tax benefits and, if necessary, calculate and accrue any related interest and penalties. We did t recognize any liability for unrecognized tax benefits at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. In addition, we have not accrued for interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. However, if interest and penalties would need to be accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits, such amounts would be recognized as a component of federal income tax expense. 
 Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when management believes it is more likely than not that some, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. After considering all positive and negative evidence of taxable income in the carryback and carryforward periods and our tax planning strategy of holding debt securities with unrealized losses to maturity or recovery, we believe it is more likely than not that all the deferred assets will be realized. As a result, we have valuation allowance at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 For each of the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we made payments for income taxes totaling and , respectively. We did receive a federal tax refund for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Leases 
 
 For more information on leases refer to Note 10 "Leases." 
 
 Credit Losses 
 10 

Table of Contents 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a credit loss allowance for reinsurance receivables of . 
 Current-period provision for expected credit losses Ending balance of the allowance for reinsurance receivables, September 30, 2024 

Subsequent Events 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 11 

Table of Contents 

12 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2. 
 U.S. government agency States, municipalities and political subdivisions General obligations: Midwest Northeast South West Special revenue: Midwest Northeast South West Foreign bonds Public utilities Corporate bonds Energy Industrials Consumer goods and services Health care Technology, media and telecommunications Financial services Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Government National Mortgage Association Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Federal National Mortgage Association Asset-backed securities Total Available-for-Sale Fixed Maturities 

13 

Table of Contents 

U.S. government agency States, municipalities and political subdivisions General obligations: Midwest Northeast South West Special revenue: Midwest Northeast South West Foreign bonds Public utilities Corporate bonds Energy Industrials Consumer goods and services Health care Technology, media and telecommunications Financial services Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Government National Mortgage Association Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Federal National Mortgage Association Asset-backed securities Total Available-for-Sale Fixed Maturities 

14 

Table of Contents 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through 10 years Due after 10 years Asset-backed securities Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations 
 Net Investment Gains and Losses 
 Net gains (losses) on disposition of investments are computed using the specific identification method and are included in the computation of net income.) ) ) ) Allowance for credit losses ) ) Equity securities Net gains (losses) recognized on equity securities sold during the period ) Unrealized gains (losses) recognized during the period on equity securities held at reporting date ) Net gains (losses) recognized during the reporting period on equity securities ) ) Mortgage loans allowance for credit losses ) Other long-term investments ) Real estate Total net investment gains (losses) ) ) ) ) 

15 

Table of Contents 

Gross realized gains Gross realized losses ) ) 
 
 Funding Commitment 
 Pursuant to agreements with our limited liability partnership investments, we are contractually committed through July 10, 2030 to make capital contributions upon the request of certain of the partnerships. Our remaining potential contractual obligation was at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Unrealized Gain and Loss 
 ) Income tax effect ) Total change in net unrealized investment gain (loss), net of tax ) 
 Credit Risk 
 An allowance for credit losses is recorded based on a number of factors including current economic conditions, management's expectations of future economic conditions and performance indicators, such as market value versus amortized cost, investment spreads widening or contracting, rating actions, payment and default history. These estimates of credit loss may be determined by pooling securities of similar risk characteristics, including but not limited to sector, credit rating, position in capital structure and average life. 
 Additions to the allowance for credit losses for which credit losses were not previously recorded Reductions for securities sold during the period (realized) Write-offs charged against the allowance Recoveries of amounts previously written off ) Ending balance, September 30, 2024 

16 

Table of Contents 

U.S. government agency States, municipalities and political subdivisions General obligations Midwest Northeast South West Special revenue Midwest Northeast South West Foreign bonds Public utilities Corporate bonds Energy Industrials Consumer goods and services Health care Technology, media and telecommunications Financial services Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Government National Mortgage Association Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Federal National Mortgage Association Asset-backed securities Total Available-for-Sale Fixed Maturities 

17 

Table of Contents 

U.S. government agency States, municipalities and political subdivisions General obligations Midwest Northeast South West Special revenue Midwest Northeast South West Foreign bonds Public utilities Corporate bonds Energy Industrials Consumer goods and services Health care Technology, media and telecommunications Financial services Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Government National Mortgage Association Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Federal National Mortgage Association Asset-backed securities Total Available-for-Sale Fixed Maturities 

18 

Table of Contents 

65 -75 Total amortized cost Allowance for mortgage loan losses ) ) Mortgage loans, net 
 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans by Region September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Carrying Value Percent of Total Carrying Value Percent of Total East North Central Southern Atlantic East South Central New England Middle Atlantic Mountain West North Central Total mortgage loans at amortized cost 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans by Property Type September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Carrying Value Percent of Total Carrying Value Percent of Total Commercial Multifamily Office Industrial 
 Retail 
 Mixed use/Other 
 Total mortgage loans at amortized cost 
 19 

Table of Contents 

3-4 internal grade 5 internal grade 6 internal grade 7 internal grade Total commercial mortgage loans Current-period write-offs Current-period recoveries Current-period net write-offs 
 
 Commercial mortgage loans carrying value excludes accrued interest of . As of September 30, 2024, all loan receivables were current, with no delinquencies. The commercial mortgage loans originate with an initial loan-to-value ratio that provides sufficient collateral to absorb losses should a loan be required to foreclose. Mortgage loans are evaluated on a quarterly basis for impairment on an individual basis through a monitoring process and review of key credit indicators, such as economic trends, delinquency rates, property valuations, occupancy and rental rates and loan-to-value ratios. A loan is considered impaired when the Company believes it will not collect the principal and interest set forth in the contractual terms of the loan. An internal grade is assigned to each mortgage loan, with a grade of 1 being the highest and least likely for an impairment and the lowest rating of 7 being the most likely for an impairment. An allowance for mortgage loan losses is established on each loan recognizing a loss for amounts which we believe will not be collected according to the contractual terms of the respective loan agreement. , summarized in the following rollforward: 
 Current-period provision for expected credit losses Recoveries of amounts previously written off, if any ) Ending balance, September 30, 2024 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 3. 

21 

Table of Contents 

U.S. government agency States, municipalities and political subdivisions General obligations Midwest Northeast South West Special revenue Midwest Northeast South West Foreign bonds Public utilities Corporate bonds Energy Industrials Consumer goods and services Health care Technology, media and telecommunications Financial services Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Government National Mortgage Association Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Federal National Mortgage Association Asset-backed securities Total Available-for-Sale Fixed Maturities Short-Term Investments Money Market Accounts Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Total Assets Measured at Fair Value 

22 

Table of Contents 

U.S. government agency States, municipalities and political subdivisions General obligations Midwest Northeast South West Special revenue Midwest Northeast South West Foreign bonds Public utilities Corporate bonds Energy Industrials Consumer goods and services Health care Technology, media and telecommunications Financial services Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Government National Mortgage Association Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Federal National Mortgage Association Asset-backed securities Total Available-for-Sale Fixed Maturities EQUITY SECURITIES Common stocks Public utilities Energy Industrials Consumer goods and services Health care Technology, media and telecommunications Financial services 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Short-Term Investments Money Market Accounts Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Total Assets Measured at Fair Value 
 The Company receives updated pricing information from a third-party on a monthly basis to determine the fair value for the majority of our investments. The third party obtains pricing information from independent pricing services and brokers on a monthly basis and validates for reasonableness prior to use for reporting purposes. At least annually, we review the methodologies and assumptions used by our third-party and verify they are reasonable and representative of the fair value of the underlying securities held in the investment portfolio. In our opinion, the pricing information obtained as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was reasonable. 
 We use quoted market prices when available to determine the fair value of fixed maturities, equity securities and short-term investments. When quoted market prices do not exist, we base estimates of fair value on market information obtained from our third-party. Such inputs may reflect management's own assumptions about the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the financial instrument. The most appropriate valuation methodology is selected based on the specific characteristics of the fixed maturity, equity security or short-term investment and we consistently apply the valuation methodology to measure the security s fair value. 
 The fair value of securities categorized as Level 1 is based on quoted market prices that are readily and regularly available. 
 
 We use a market-based approach for valuing all of our Level 2 securities and submit them primarily to a third-party valuation service provider. Any of these securities not valued by this service provider are submitted to another third-party valuation service provider. Both service providers use a market approach to find pricing of similar financial instruments. The market inputs our service providers normally use to value our securities include the following, listed in approximate order of priority: benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers, and reference data including market research publications. The method and inputs for these securities classified as Level 2 are the same regardless of industry category, credit quality, duration, geographical concentration or economic characteristics. For our mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations and asset-backed securities, our service providers use additional market inputs to value these securities, including the following: new issue data, periodic payment information, monthly payment information, collateral performance and real estate analysis from third parties. Our service providers prioritize inputs based on market conditions, and not all inputs listed are available for use in the valuation process for each security on any given day. 
 Securities categorized as Level 3 include holdings in certain fixed maturity securities for which an active market does not currently exist. The fair value of our Level 3 securities is determined by unobservable inputs reflecting assumptions market participants would use, including assumptions about risk. There is inherent uncertainty of the fair value measurement of Level 3 securities due to the use of significant unobservable inputs. A change in significant unobservable inputs may result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement as of the reporting date. 
 
 The Company formed a rabbi trust in 2014 to fund obligations under the United Fire Casualty Company Supplemental Executive Retirement and Deferral Plan (the "Executive Retirement Plan"). Within the rabbi trust, corporate-owned life insurance ("COLI") policies are utilized as an investment vehicle and source of funding for the Company's Executive Retirement Plan. The COLI policies invest in mutual funds, which are priced daily by independent sources. As of September 30, 2024, the cash surrender value of the COLI policies was w hich is equal to the fair value measured using Level 2 inputs, based on the underlying assets of the COLI policie s, and is included in the "Other assets" line in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Other Long Term Investments Mortgage Loans Total Financial assets not accounted for at fair value Long Term Debt Total Financial liabilities not accounted for at fair value 
 December 31, 2023 Description Fair Value Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Net Asset Value Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents Other Long Term Investments Mortgage Loans Total Financial assets not accounted for at fair value Long Term Debt Total Financial liabilities not accounted for at fair value 
 For cash and cash equivalents and accrued investment income, carrying value is a reasonable estimate of fair value due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments. 
 Our other long-term investments consist primarily of our interests in limited liability partnerships that are recorded on the equity method of accounting. The fair value of the partnerships is obtained from the fund managers, which is based on the fair value of the underlying investments held in the partnerships. In management's opinion, these values represent a reasonable estimate of fair value. We have not adjusted the net asset value provided by the fund managers. 
 The fair value of our mortgage loans is determined by modeling performed by our third-party fund manager based on the stated principal and coupon payments provided for in the loan agreements. These cash flows are then discounted using an appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate to determine the security's fair value. 
 The fair value of our long-term debt is estimated using Level 2 inputs based on quoted prices for similar financial instruments. The fair value is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Book Value Probability of default - 
 
 Realized gains (losses) Net unrealized gains (losses) (1) 
 Ending Balance - September 30, 2024 
 (1) Net unrealized gains (losses) are recorded as a component of comprehensive income in the line item "Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on investments." 
 
 During the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, there were securities transferred out of Level 3 due to the use of observable inputs in pricing the securities. 
 
 Realized gains (losses) Net unrealized gains (losses) (1) 
 ) ) Transfers out ) ) ) Ending Balance - September 30, 2024 
 (1) Net unrealized gains (losses) are recorded as a component of comprehensive income in the line item "Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on investments." 
 During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, there were securities transferred out of Level 3 due to the use of observable inputs in pricing the securities. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 4. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Ceded losses and loss settlement expenses ) ) Net liability for losses and loss settlement expenses at beginning of year Losses and loss settlement expenses incurred for claims occurring during Current year Prior years ) Total incurred Losses and loss settlement expense payments for claims occurring during Current year Prior years Total paid Net liability for losses and loss settlement expenses at end of period Ceded losses and loss settlement expenses Gross liability for losses and loss settlement expenses at end of period 
 
 There are a multitude of factors that can impact loss reserve development. Those factors include, but are not limited to, historical data, the potential impact of various loss reserve development factors and trends including historical loss experience, legislative enactments, judicial decisions, legal developments in imposition of damages, experience with alternative dispute resolution, results of our medical bill review process, the potential impact of salvage and subrogation and changes and trends in general economic conditions, including the effects of inflation. All of these factors influence our estimates of required reserves and for long tail lines these factors can change over the course of the settlement of the claim. However, there is no precise method for evaluating the specific monetary impact of any individual factor on the development of reserves. 
 Generally, we base reserves for each claim on the estimated ultimate exposure for that claim. We believe that it is appropriate and reasonable to establish a best estimate for reserves within a range of reasonable estimates, especially when we are reserving for claims for bodily injury, disabilities and similar claims, for which settlements and verdicts can vary widely. We believe our approach produces reserve amounts that are reasonably consistent as to their relative position within a range of reasonable reserves from year-to-year. However, conditions and trends that have affected the reserve development for a given year do change. 
 Because of the type of property coverage we write, we have potential exposure to environmental pollution, mold and asbestos claims. Our underwriters are aware of these exposures and use riders or endorsements to limit exposure. We are not aware of any significant contingent liabilities related to environmental issues. 
 
 Reserve Development 
 
 The Company business experienced million and million of favorable reserve development in net reserves for prior accident years for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The favorable reserve development was driven primarily by reductions in prior year reserves as catastrophe experience 
 28 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 5. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) Amortization of net loss Net periodic benefit cost ) ) 
 Pension Plan Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net periodic benefit cost Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) Amortization of net loss Net periodic benefit cost ) ) 
 A portion of the service cost component of net periodic pension benefit costs is capitalized and amortized as part of deferred acquisition costs and is included in the line "Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs" in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. The portion not related to the compensation and other components of net periodic pension benefit costs is included in the line "Other underwriting expenses" in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. 
 Employer Contributions 

29 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 6. 
 
 authorized shares remaining available for future issuance pursuant to the United Fire Group, Inc. 2021 Stock and Incentive Plan (as amended, the "Stock Plan"). The Stock Plan is administered by the Board of Directors, which determines those employees who will receive awards, when awards will be granted, and the terms and conditions of the awards. The Board of Directors may also take any action it deems necessary and appropriate for the administration of the Stock Plan. Pursuant to the Stock Plan, the Board of Directors may, at its sole discretion, grant awards to our employees, who are in positions of substantial responsibility with UFG. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, has also delegated authority to management to grant a limited number of restricted stock units in situations where the Company is seeking to recruit or retain individuals. 
 Options granted pursuant to the Stock Plan are granted to buy shares of UFG's common stock at the market value of the stock on the date of grant. Options granted prior to March 2017 vest and are exercisable in installments of percent of the number of shares covered by the option award each year from the grant date, unless the Board of Directors authorizes the acceleration of vesting. Options granted after March 2017 vest and are exercisable in installments of percent of the number of shares covered by the option award each year from the grant date, unless the Board of Directors authorizes the acceleration of vesting. To the extent not exercised, vested option awards accumulate and are exercisable by the awardee, in whole or in part, in any subsequent year included in the option period, but not later than years from the grant date. Restricted and unrestricted stock awards granted pursuant to the Stock Plan are granted at the market value of UFG's common stock on the date of the grant. Restricted stock units fully vest after or from the date of grant, unless accelerated upon the approval of the Board of Directors, at which time UFG common stock will be issued to the awardee. 
 Additional shares authorized Number of awards granted ) ) Number of awards forfeited or expired Ending balance Number of option awards exercised Number of unrestricted stock awards granted Number of restricted stock awards vested 
 
 Non-Qualified Non-Employee Director Stock Plan 
 The United Fire Group, Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Plan (formerly known as the 2005 Non-Qualified Non- Employee Director Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan) (the "Director Stock Plan") authorizes the issuance of restricted stock awards and non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of UFG's common stock to non-employee directors. At September 30, 2024, the Company had authorized shares available for future issuance pursuant to the Director Stock Plan. 
 The Board of Directors has the authority to determine which non-employee directors receive awards, when restricted stock, restricted stock units and options shall be granted, the option price, the option expiration date, the date of grant, the vesting schedule of options or whether the options shall be immediately vested, the terms and conditions of options, restricted stock and restricted stock units (other than those terms and conditions set forth in the Director Stock Plan) and the number of shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to an option, restricted stock or restricted stock unit agreements (subject to limits set forth in the Director Stock Plan). The Board of Directors may also take any action it deems necessary and appropriate for the administration of the Director Stock Plan. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Additional authorization Number of awards granted ) ) Number of awards forfeited or expired Ending balance Number of option awards exercised Number of restricted stock awards vested 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 
 For the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of and , respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had in stock-based compensation expense that has yet to be recognized through our results of operations. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding Add dilutive effect of restricted stock unit awards Add dilutive effect of stock options Weighted-average common shares outstanding Earnings (loss) per common share Awards excluded from diluted earnings per share calculation (1) 
 
 (1) Outstanding awards that are not "in-the-money" are excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because the effect of including them would inherently have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except share and per share data) 2024 2023 Basic Diluted Basic Diluted Net income (loss) ) ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding Add dilutive effect of restricted stock unit awards Add dilutive effect of stock options Weighted-average common shares outstanding Earnings (loss) per common share ) ) Awards excluded from diluted earnings per share calculation (1) 
 
 (1) Outstanding awards that are not "in-the-money" are excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because the effect of including them would inherently have been anti-dilutive. 

NOTE 8. 
 
 of notes due in 2040 to the Note Purchasers. One note with a principal amount of was issued to Federated Mutual and one note with a principal amount of was issued to Federated Life subject to the terms of their respective notes. 
 
 Interest payments under the long-term debt will be paid quarterly on March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 of each year (each such date, an "Interest Payment Date"). The interest rate will equal the rate that corresponds to the A.M. Best Co. (or its successor's) financial strength rating for members of the United Fire 
 32 

Table of Contents 

. Payment of interest is subject to approval by the Iowa Insurance Division. 
 
 A A- B++ (or lower) 
 
 May 2024 Private Placement 
 On May 31, 2024, the Company completed the private placement of aggregate principal of senior unsecured notes due May 31, 2039 (the "Notes"), to certain qualified institutional buyers pursuant to a Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2024, by and among the Company, Ares Management, LLC ("Ares") as the lead investor (including several affiliate investors of Ares), American Republic Insurance Company and Illinois Casualty Company. The Notes were issued in a single series, with a maturity date of May 31, 2039, and bearing interest at an annual rate of . Costs incurred in the issuance of debt of were capitalized and will be amortized over the life of the non-cancellable period of the debt. The capitalization of such debt issuance costs are included as an offset to the "Long Term Debt" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the related amortization is included in "Interest expense" in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. The interest on the Notes is payable quarterly. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, interest expense totaled . 
 Credit Facilities 
 In December 2023, UF C became a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines ("FHLB Des Moines"). As part of the FHLB Des Moines application process and in connection with its membership in FHLB Des Moines, UF C entered into FHLB Des Moines' standard Advances, Pledge and Security Agreement (the "Advances Agreement"). The Advances Agreement governs the terms and conditions under which UF C may borrow and FHLB Des Moines may make loans or advances from time to time. The Advances Agreement requires UF C to pledge certain collateral, including the capital stock in FHLB Des Moines owned by UF C and such other assets (including mortgage-related securities, loans, and stock in the Company) as agreed by UF C and FHLB Des Moines in connection with any such loans or advances. 
 
 percent of total assets of UF C. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has FHLB Des Moines borrowing capacity up to million if an immediate liquidity need would arise. The Company had outstanding balance as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 related to these lines of credit. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 9. ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Reclassification adjustments from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 (1) The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make various estimates and assumptions that affect the reporting of net periodic benefit cost, plan assets and plan obligations for each plan at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from these estimates. One significant estimate relates to the calculation of the benefit obligation for each plan. We annually establish the discount rate, which is an estimate of the interest rate at which these benefits could be effectively settled, that is used to determine the present value of the respective plan's benefit obligations as of December 31. 
 
 The following table shows the changes in the components of our accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024: 
 Liability for Foreign Net unrealized underfunded currency gain (loss) employee translation on investments benefit costs (1) 
 adjustment Total Balance as of January 1, 2024 
 ) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Reclassification adjustments from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 

Income tax effects are released from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for unrealized gains or losses when the gains or losses are realized. 

NOTE 10. 
 
 to , some of which may include no options for renewal and others with options to extend the lease terms from to . 
 34 

Table of Contents 

lease agreements under which the Company serves as the lessor. The properties are used for office space and parking. The terms of the leases vary depending on the property and range from to , which may include options for renewal or to extend the lease terms. The Company has elected to categorize these leases based on length of the lease terms and applies an incremental borrowing rate. 
 Less lessor income Less sublease income Net lease expense Cash flows information related to leases: Operating cash outflow from operating leases 

35 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with Part I, Item 1 "Financial Statements." 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Critical accounting policies are defined as those that are representative of significant judgments and uncertainties and that potentially may result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. We base our discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations on the amounts reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements, which we have prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). As we prepare these Consolidated Financial Statements, we must make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting period. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Our critical accounting policies are more fully described in our Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations presented in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed on February 29, 2024. There have been no changes in our critical accounting policies from December 31, 2023. 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
 
 The purpose of this Management's Discussion and Analysis is to provide an understanding of our results of operations and consolidated financial condition. Our Management's Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes, including those in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. We also prepare financial statements for each of our insurance company subsidiaries based on statutory accounting principles and file them with insurance regulatory authorities in the states where they do business. 
 
 When we provide information on a statutory or other basis, we label it as such, otherwise all other data is presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 Originally founded in 1946 as United Fire Casualty Company, United Fire Group, Inc. ("UFG," the "Company," "we," "us," or "our") and its consolidated insurance subsidiaries provide insurance protection for individuals and businesses through several regional companies. Our property and casualty insurance company subsidiaries are licensed in all 50 s tates and the District of Columbia and are represented by approximately 1,000 independent agencies. 
 Reportable Segments 
 
 Our property and casualty insurance business operates and reports as one business segment. For more information, refer to Part I, Item 1, Note 1. "Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation." 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Products and Lines of Business 
 
 Our business consists primarily of commercial lines property and casualty insurance, including surety bonds. In 2020, the Company announced its intent to withdraw as a direct writer of personal lines insurance, with the last exposures related to this business expected to lapse by 2025. As of September 30, 2024, minimal exposure from the direct personal lines of business remains. 
 
 Our core commercial products support a wide variety of customers including small business owners and middle market businesses operating in industries such as construction, services, retail trade, financial and manufacturing, along with contract surety and commercial surety bonds offered through approximately 1,000 independent property and casualty agencies. We also provide specialty and surplus lines coverage written exclusively through wholesale brokers on an admitted and non-admitted basis. Additionally, the Company offers reinsurance coverage for property and casualty insurance through traditional treaty reinsurance channels. The Company assumes premium in Lloyd's of London syndicates through a Funds at Lloyd's subsidiary. The reinsurance operation supports primarily commercial lines of business but also assumes risk in professional, financial and personal lines of insurance. We also partner with Management General Agents ("MGAs") to offer delegated underwriting programs providing niche products including marine specialty, professional liability and earthquake coverages. 
 We review and report our results using lines of business. The following table shows the principal types of property and casualty insurance policies we write and issue, and in which lines of business they are reported: 
 Direct Writer Treaty Reinsurance (1) 
 Funds at Lloyd's MGAs Commercial Lines Other Liability x P x Fire and allied lines x P x Automobile x P Workers' compensation x P Fidelity and surety x P Other x x Personal Lines Fire and allied lines P Automobile Other Reinsurance Assumed NP x 
 Personal lines direct business was discontinued in 2020 with only a minimal number of exposures still in force due to certain regulatory non-renewal limitations. 
 (1) Treaty Reinsurance is split between proportional reinsurance (P) and non-proportional reinsurance (NP). 
 
 Commercial other liability - primarily business insurance covering bodily injury and property damage including construction defect, excess and surplus lines excess casualty, and standard umbrella. Proportional assumed reinsurance on these lines and professional liability coverage managed by an MGA partner. 
 Commercial fire and allied lines - primarily multi-peril non-liability property coverage and inland marine. Proportional assumed reinsurance on these lines and earthquake coverage managed by an MGA partner. 
 Commercial automobile - physical damage to an insured's vehicle, as well as liabilities to third parties. Automobile physical damage insurance covers loss or damage to vehicles from collision, vandalism, fire, theft, flood or other causes. Automobile liability insurance covers bodily injury, damage to property resulting from automobile accidents caused by the insured, uninsured or under-insured motorists and the legal costs of defending the insured against 
 37 

Table of Contents 

lawsuits. Proportional reinsurance on these lines is also included. 
 Workers' compensation - business coverage for employees who are injured or become ill as a result of their job, including proportional assumed reinsurance for this coverage. Our workers' compensation insurance covers primarily small- to mid-sized accounts. 
 Fidelity and surety - contract and commercial surety bond coverage which guarantees performance and payment by our bonded principals, protects owners from failure to perform on the part of our principals, and protects material suppliers and subcontractors from nonpayment by our contractors. Proportional reinsurance on these lines is also included. 
 Commercial other - commercial theft coverage, boiler and machinery and ocean marine business managed by an MGA partner. 
 Personal fire and allied lines - proportional assumed reinsurance for homeowners multi-peril coverage. 
 Reinsurance assumed - primarily non-proportional assumed reinsurance and Funds at Lloyd's property and casualty syndicates. 
 
 Lloyd's Syndicates 
 As of January 1, 2021, the Company became a member of Lloyd's of London ("Lloyd's") through McIntyre Cedar Corporate Member LLP. As a member of Lloyd's, the Company is required to maintain capital at Lloyd's, referred to as Funds at Lloyd's ("FAL"), to support underwriting of property and casualty and reinsurance business by Syndicate 1492, Syndicate 1729, Syndicate 1969, Syndicate 1971, Syndicate 4747, Syndicate 2988, Syndicate 1699, Syndicate 5623 and Syndicate 2358. 
 
 Pooling Arrangement 
 
 All of our property and casualty insurance subsidiaries are members of an intercompany reinsurance pooling arrangement. The Company's pooling arrangement permits the participating companies to rely on the capacity of the entire pool's capital and surplus, rather than being limited to policy exposures of a size commensurate with each participant's own surplus level. 
 
 Geographic Concentration 
 
 For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, approximately 47 percent of our property and casualty premiums were written in Texas, California, Iowa, Missouri, and Louisiana. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except ratios) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Net premiums earned 300,185 259,456 15.7 868,613 770,221 12.8 Investment income, net of investment expenses 24,459 16,459 48.6 58,830 40,508 45.2 Net investment gains (losses) (1,680) (1,960) 14.3 (4,111) (2,581) (59.3) Other income (loss) NM (3,200) NM Total revenues 322,964 273,955 17.9 920,132 808,148 13.9 Benefits, Losses and Expenses Losses and loss settlement expenses 187,148 172,798 8.3 568,119 598,125 (5.0) Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 71,425 62,709 13.9 204,504 181,700 12.6 Other underwriting expenses 36,454 29,096 25.3 103,532 88,231 17.3 Interest expense 2,481 797 211.3 4,800 2,391 100.8 Other non-underwriting expenses 481 179 168.7 1,688 1,553 8.7 Total benefits, losses and expenses 297,989 265,579 12.2 882,643 872,000 1.2 Income (loss) before income taxes 24,975 8,376 198.2 37,489 (63,852) 158.7 Federal income tax expense (benefit) 5,227 1,996 161.9 6,974 (14,544) 148.0 Net income (loss) 19,748 6,380 209.5 30,515 (49,308) 161.9 GAAP Ratios: Net loss ratio (1) 
 62.3 66.6 (6.5) 65.4 77.7 (15.8) Expense ratio (2) 
 35.9 35.4 1.4 35.5 35.0 1.4 Combined ratio (3) 
 98.2 102.0 (3.7) 100.9 112.7 (10.5) Additional Loss Ratios: Net loss ratio (1) 
 62.3 66.6 (6.5) 65.4 77.7 (15.8) Catastrophes - effect on net loss ratio (4) 
 4.4 5.9 (25.4) 6.7 7.8 (14.1) Reserve development - effect on net loss ratio (4) 
 0.2 (100.0) 7.0 (100.0) Underlying loss ratio (4) (Non-GAAP) 
 57.9 60.5 (4.3) 58.7 62.9 (6.7) 
 NM = Not meaningful 
 (1) Net loss ratio is calculated by dividing the sum of losses and loss settlement expenses by net premiums earned. We use the net loss ratio as a measure of the overall underwriting profitability of the insurance business we write and to assess the adequacy of our pricing. Our net loss ratio is meaningful in evaluating our financial results as reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) Expense ratio is calculated by dividing non-deferred underwriting expenses and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs by net premiums earned. The expense ratio measures a company's operational efficiency in producing, underwriting and administering its insurance business. 
 (3) Combined ratio is a commonly used financial measure of property and casualty underwriting performance. A combined ratio below 100 percent generally indicates a profitable book of business. The combined ratio is the sum of the net loss ratio and the underwriting expense ratio. 
 (4) Underlying loss ratio is defined as the net loss ratio less impacts of catastrophes and non-catastrophe prior year reserve development. 

39 

Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 For the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, net income was 19.7 million compared to net income of 6.4 million for the same period of 2023. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, net income was 30.5 million compared to a net loss of 49.3 million for the same period of 2023. These changes from the prior year are primarily due to continued premium growth and improved underwriting and investment income. 
 
 Net premiums earned increased 15.7 percent and 12.8 percent during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods of 2023, led by continued growth in our core commercial and assumed reinsurance business units. For the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, the overall average increase in renewal premiums was 12.4 percent, with 1.1 percent from exposure increases and 11.2 percent from rate increases. Excluding the workers' compensation line of business, the overall average increase in renewal premiums was 13.4 percent, with 1.1 percent from exposure changes and 12.2 percent from rate increases. 
 
 Net investment income was 24.5 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 8.0 million compared to the third quarter of 2023. Income from our fixed income portfolio increased by 4.2 million due to portfolio management actions and investing at higher interest rates. Income on other long-term investments resulted in an additional 4.3 million as the valuation of our investments in limited liability partnerships varies from period to period. Net investment income for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 was 58.8 million, an increase of 18.3 million compared to the same period of 2023. The change in value of our limited liability partnerships contributed 9.3 million, higher investment yields from our fixed income portfolio increased 8.6 million, interest received on cash and cash equivalent balances increased 3.7 million and was partially offset by a 2.7 million decrease in dividends on equity securities and higher investment expenses of 1.3 million. 
 
 The Company recognized net investment losses of 1.7 million during the third quarter of 2024, compared to net investment losses of 2.0 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease of 0.3 million was due primarily to net losses on equity securities of 1.9 million in 2023 as compared to an increase of 1.7 million of net losses on the sale of fixed maturity securities in 2024. The Company recognized net investment losses of 4.1 million and 2.6 million during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase of 1.5 million was primarily due to an increase of 5.3 million related to losses on the sale of fixed maturity securities offset by an increase of 3.2 million of gains on equity securities in 2024. For a detailed discussion of our investment results, refer to the "Investment Portfolio" section below. 
 
 In July 2024, the Company identified rating errors related to umbrella and general liability products that resulted in an overcharge to certain policyholders. Corrective actions have been implemented and the Company has reached a resolution with the Iowa Insurance Division resulting in no further action and no financial impact to the Company. Our estimated liability may change as additional information becomes available and as we continue to work with regulators in other states to achieve resolution. For more information on this item, refer to Note 1 "Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation" under "Contingent Liability" subheading in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Losses and loss settlement expenses increased by 8.3 percent and decreased 5.0 percent during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods of 2023. The increase for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 is due to continued growth in our core commercial and assumed reinsurance business units. The decrease for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 is primarily driven by neutral prior year reserve development in the current period compared to the unfavorable prior year reserve development in the prior period. The prior year was also impacted by elevated surety losses, which did not repeat in the current year. 
 
 The GAAP combined ratio improved by 3.8 points to 98.2 percent for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 102.0 percent for the same period in 2023. The improvement was driven by a decrease in the underlying loss ratio of 2.6 points, prior period reserve improvement of 0.2 points, catastrophe loss ratio improvement of 1.5 points, slightly offset by the underwriting expense ratio deterioration of 0.5 points. The GAAP combined ratio improved by 11.8 points to 100.9 percent for nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. The improvement was driven by a decrease in the underlying loss ratio of 4.2 points, prior period reserve improvement 
 40 

Table of Contents 

of 7.0 points, catastrophe loss ratio improvement of 1.1 points, slightly offset with an increase in the underwriting expense ratio of 0.5 points. 
 
 The underlying loss ratio improved 2.6 and 4.2 points during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2023, reflecting strong earned rate achievement exceeding loss trends, continued underwriting discipline, and normalizing surety losses that negatively impacted 2023 results. The net loss ratio improved 4.3 and 12.3 points during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2023. Prior period reserve strengthening was neutral in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 0.2 percent in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Pre-tax catastrophe losses in the third quarter of 2024 added 4.4 points to the GAAP combined ratio compared to 5.9 points added to the GAAP combined ratio in the third quarter of 2023 and added 6.7 points to the GAAP combined ratio for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 7.8 points during the same time period in 2023. The catastrophe loss ratio was below both our five-year and 10-year historical averages for the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 The underwriting expense ratio for the third quarter of 2024 was 35.9 percent compared to 35.4 percent for the third quarter of 2023 as a result of stronger business performance during the current quarter and increased technology costs as we invest for continued growth. The underwriting expense ratio for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 was 35.5 percent compared to 35.0 percent for the same time period for 2023. 
 
 Reserve Development 
 
 For many liability claims, significant periods of time, ranging up to several years, and for certain construction defect claims, more than a decade, may elapse between the occurrence of the loss, the reporting of the loss to us and the settlement or other disposition of the claim. As a result, loss experience in the more recent accident years for the long-tail liability coverages has limited statistical credibility in our reserving process because a relatively small proportion of losses in these accident years are reported claims and an even smaller proportion are paid losses. In addition, long-tail liability claims are more susceptible to litigation and can be significantly affected by changing contract interpretations and the legal environment. Consequently, the estimation of loss reserves for long-tail coverages is more complex and subject to a higher degree of variability. Reserves for these long-tail coverages represent a significant portion of our overall carried reserves. 
 
 When establishing reserves and monitoring reserve adequacy, we analyze historical data and consider the potential impact of various loss development factors and trends, including historical loss experience, legislative enactments, judicial decisions, legal developments in imposition of damages, experience with alternative dispute resolution, results of our medical bill review process, the potential impact of salvage and subrogation, and changes and trends in general economic conditions, including the effects of inflation. All of these factors influence our estimates of required reserves, and for long-tail lines these factors can change over the course of the settlement of the claim. However, there is no precise method for evaluating the specific dollar impact of any individual factor on the development of reserves. 
 
 Our reserving philosophy is to reserve claims to their ultimate expected loss amount as soon as practicable after information about a claim becomes available. 
 
 Reserve development amounts can vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year depending on a number of factors, including the number of claims settled and the settlement terms, and are subject to reallocation between accident years and lines of business. At September 30, 2024, our total reserves were within a reasonable range of our actuarial estimates. 
 
 2024 Development 
 
 The property and casualty insurance business experienced 3.2 million and 0.4 million of favorable reserve development in net reserves for prior accident years for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 
 41 

Table of Contents 

2024, respectively. The favorable reserve development was driven primarily by reductions in prior year catastrophe reserves as experience emerged better than expected. Non-catastrophe development was neutral reflecting favorable development in commercial automobile and property lines, offset by strengthening in other liability lines of business due to continued uncertainty in future loss cost trends related to economic and social inflation. 
 
 2023 Development 
 
 The property and casualty insurance business experienced 4.4 million and 59.2 million of reserve strengthening in net reserves for prior accident years for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. During 2023, the Company made additional advancements to its reserve review processes and analyses, including increased segmentation on unique exposures, which resulted in deeper insights and understanding of loss experience and significant movements in reserve development across a range of commercial liability lines of business. The significant driver of the reserve strengthening was an increase in long-tailed other liability reserves primarily due to increased loss cost trends related to economic and social inflation. The commercial automobile line of business also experienced reserve strengthening in reaction to continuing loss trends in post-2020 accident years. These increases were partially offset by favorable development in workers' compensation and fire and allied lines. 
 
 The following tables display our net premiums earned, net losses and loss settlement expenses and net loss ratio by line of business: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net Losses Net Losses and Loss and Loss Net Settlement Net Net Settlement Net Premiums Expenses Loss Premiums Expenses Loss (In thousands, except ratios) Earned Incurred Ratio Earned Incurred Ratio Commercial lines Other liability (1) 
 86,688 68,495 79.0 78,090 34,466 44.1 Fire and allied lines (2) 
 64,070 34,113 53.2 64,531 53,602 83.1 Automobile 62,489 22,214 35.5 53,929 46,186 85.6 Workers' compensation 13,959 14,630 104.8 13,366 9,616 71.9 Surety (3) 
 15,900 4,799 30.2 9,279 6,575 70.9 Miscellaneous 2,840 3,104 109.3 883 112 12.7 Total commercial lines 245,946 147,355 59.9 220,078 150,557 68.4 Personal lines Fire and allied lines (4) 
 2,780 (1,753) (63.1) 1,616 1,304 80.7 Automobile 332 198 NM 49 NM Miscellaneous 2 171 NM 5 (83) NM Total personal lines 3,114 (1,384) (44.4) 1,621 1,270 78.3 Assumed reinsurance 51,125 41,177 80.5 37,757 20,971 55.5 Total 300,185 187,148 62.3 259,456 172,798 66.6 
 (1) Commercial lines "Other liability" is business insurance covering bodily injury and property damage arising from general business operations, accidents on the insured's premises and products manufactured or sold. 
 (2) Commercial lines "Fire and allied lines" includes fire, allied lines, commercial multiple peril and inland marine. 
 (3) Commercial lines "Surety" previously referred to as "Fidelity and surety." 
 (4) Personal lines "Fire and allied lines" includes fire, allied lines, homeowners and inland marine. 
 NM = Not meaningful 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net Losses Net Losses and Loss and Loss Net Settlement Net Net Settlement Net Premiums Expenses Loss Premiums Expenses Loss (In thousands, except ratios) Earned Incurred Ratio Earned Incurred Ratio Commercial lines Other liability 252,011 200,980 79.8 237,523 194,115 81.7 Fire and allied lines 190,123 109,293 57.5 182,805 151,539 82.9 Automobile 176,688 109,624 62.0 154,806 136,875 88.4 Workers' compensation 39,901 29,291 73.4 40,413 19,316 47.8 Surety 44,748 14,992 33.5 27,611 15,668 56.7 Miscellaneous 6,579 5,131 78.0 1,522 277 18.2 Total commercial lines 710,050 469,311 66.1 644,680 517,790 80.3 Personal lines Fire and allied lines 10,423 3,215 30.8 4,568 3,631 79.5 Automobile 575 308 NM (326) NM Miscellaneous 8 193 NM 18 (148) NM Total personal lines 11,006 3,716 33.8 4,586 3,157 68.8 Assumed reinsurance 147,557 95,092 64.4 120,955 77,178 63.8 Total 868,613 568,119 65.4 770,221 598,125 77.7 
 
 Below are explanations regarding significant changes in the net loss ratios by line of business: 
 
 Other liability lines - The net loss ratio deteriorated 34.9 and improved 1.9 points in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2023. Loss emergence is within our expectations; however, prior period and 2024 accident year reserves were strengthened relative to 2023 to guard against future severity uncertainty and social inflation impacts. 
 
 Commercial fire and allied lines - The net loss ratio improved 29.8 and 25.4 points in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2023, driven by favorable catastrophe losses in the current year and underlying loss ratio improvement driven by rate achievement in excess of trend and improving frequency and lower severity of losses. 
 
 Commercial automobile - The net loss ratio improved 50.1 and 26.4 points in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2023, primarily driven by favorable prior year development in the current year as compared to adverse development in 2023 and improvement in the underlying loss ratio driven by rate achievement in excess of trend and improving frequency. 
 
 Workers' compensation - The net loss ratio deteriorated 32.9 and 25.6 points in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2023. The underlying loss ratio was impacted by a large loss occurring in the quarter. Prior year development was adverse in 2024 driven by a reduction in ceded reserves related to excess loss experience emerging below expectations in prior years. 
 
 Surety - The net loss ratio improved 40.7 and 23.2 points in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2023, driven by fewer large losses than in the prior year and current year results performing in line with historical profitable levels. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Assumed reinsurance - The net loss ratio deteriorated 25.0 and 0.6 points in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2023, driven by several catastrophe events associated with an individual account. Prior year reserve development was neutral for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 as compared to favorable reserve development for the corresponding period in 2023. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 
 Stockholders' equity increased to 785.8 million at September 30, 2024, from 733.7 million at December 31, 2023. The Company's book value per share was 31.01, which is an increase of 1.97 per share, or 6.8 percent, from December 31, 2023. The increase is primarily attributable to net income of 30.5 million and reduction in net unrealized losses of 31.2 million on fixed maturity securities, slightly offset with shareholder dividends of 12.2 million during the first nine months of 2024. 
 
 Investment Portfolio 
 
 Our invested assets totaled 2.0 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.9 billion at December 31, 2023, an increase of 109 million. During the first quarter of 2024, we liquidated the remainder of our equity securities portfolio to complete the strategic reallocation of equity securities to fixed income assets. At September 30, 2024, fixed maturity securities made up 92.9 percent of the value of our investment portfolio. Because the primary purpose of our investment portfolio is to fund future claims payments, we use a conservative investment philosophy, investing in a diversified portfolio of high-quality, intermediate-term taxable corporate bonds, taxable U.S. government and government agency bonds and tax-exempt U.S. municipal bonds. Our overall investment strategy is to stay fully invested (i.e., minimize cash balances). If additional cash is needed, we have the ability to take advances through the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines ("FHLB Des Moines") facility. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company announced and entered into an investment management agreement with New England Asset Management ("NEAM") effective as of February 1, 2024, pursuant to which NEAM will provide investment management services. 
 
 Composition 
 We develop our investment strategies based on a number of factors, including estimated duration of reserve liabilities, short- and long-term liquidity needs, projected tax status, general economic conditions, expected rates of inflation, regulatory requirements, interest rates and credit quality of assets. We administer our investment portfolio based on investment guidelines approved by management and the investment committee of our Board of Directors that comply with applicable statutory regulations. 
 The composition of our investment portfolio at September 30, 2024 is presented at carrying value in the following table: 
 Percent (In thousands, except ratios) Carrying Value of Total Fixed maturities, available-for-sale (1) 
 1,852,791 92.9 Mortgage loans 41,081 2.0 Other long-term investments 101,480 5.1 Short-term investments 100 Total 1,995,452 100.0 
 (1) Available-for-sale securities with fixed maturities are carried at fair value. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we did not have direct exposure to investments in subprime mortgages or other credit enhancement vehicles. 

44 

Table of Contents 

Credit Quality 
 
 The table below shows the composition of fixed maturity securities held in our available-for-sale security portfolios by credit rating at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Information contained in the table is generally based upon the issued credit ratings provided by external rating agencies. 
 (In thousands, except ratios) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Rating Carrying Value of Total Carrying Value of Total AAA 911,539 49.2 635,023 37.7 AA 296,107 16.0 456,310 27.1 A 376,859 20.3 255,490 15.1 Baa/BBB 257,820 13.9 312,246 18.5 Other/Not Rated 10,466 0.6 27,433 1.6 1,852,791 100.0 1,686,502 100.0 
 
 Duration 
 Our investment portfolio is invested primarily in fixed maturity securities whose fair value is susceptible to market risk, specifically interest rate changes. Duration is a measurement we use to quantify our inherent interest rate risk and analyze our ability to match our invested assets to our reserve liabilities. The primary purpose for matching invested assets and reserve liabilities is liquidity. With appropriate matching, our investments will mature when cash is needed, preventing the need to liquidate other assets prematurely. Mismatches in the duration of assets and liabilities can cause significant fluctuations in our results of operations. 
 Investment Results 
 We invest the premiums received from our policyholders in order to generate investment income, which is an important component of our revenues and profitability. The amount of investment income that we are able to generate is affected by many factors, some of which are beyond our control. Some of these factors are volatility in the financial markets, economic growth, inflation, interest rates, world political conditions, terrorist attacks or threats of terrorism, adverse events affecting other companies in our industry or the industries in which we invest and other unpredictable national or world events. Our net investment income increased in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, compared with the same periods of 2023, primarily due to the higher yields in the fixed income portfolio, reinvestment in the fixed income portfolio, higher interest rates on short term money market and short term investments, and an increase in the value of our investments in limited liability partnerships. 
 Investment Results Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Investment income: Interest on fixed maturities 18,719 14,472 29.3 49,826 41,192 21.0 Dividends on equity securities 639 (100.0) 341 3,067 (88.9) Income on other long-term investments 5,408 1,093 394.8 5,789 (3,491) (265.8) Other 3,173 2,574 23.3 11,259 6,868 63.9 Total investment income 27,300 18,778 45.4 67,215 47,636 41.1 Less investment expenses 2,841 2,319 22.5 8,385 7,128 17.6 Net investment income 24,459 16,459 48.6 58,830 40,508 45.2 Average yields on fixed income securities pre-tax (1) 
 3.97 3.35 0.62 3.63 3.20 0.43 
 (1) Fixed income securities yield excluding net unrealized investment gains/losses and expenses 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

We hold certain investments in limited liability partnerships that are recorded on the equity method of accounting, with changes in the value of these investments recorded in investment income. In the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, the change in total value of our investments in limited liability partnerships resulted in investment gains of 5.4 million and 5.8 million, respectively, as compared to investment gains of 1.1 million and investment losses of 3.5 million in the same periods of 2023. 
 We had net investment losses of 1.7 million and 4.1 million during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to net investment losses of 2.0 million and 2.6 million during the same periods of 2023. The losses in 2024 are driven by an investment strategy execution to increase fixed maturity yield, while the 2023 losses were driven by equity security losses. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Liquidity measures our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet our short- and long-term cash obligations. Our cash inflows are primarily a result of the receipt of premiums, reinsurance recoveries, sales or maturities of investments, and investment income. Cash provided from these sources is used to fund the payment of losses and loss settlement expenses, the purchase of investments, operating expenses, dividends, pension plan contributions, and in recent years, common stock repurchases. 
 We monitor our capital adequacy to support our business on a regular basis. The future capital requirements of our business will depend on many factors, including our ability to write new business successfully and to establish premium rates and reserves at levels sufficient to cover losses. Our ability to underwrite is largely dependent upon the quality of our claims paying and financial strength ratings as evaluated by independent rating agencies. In particular, we require (1) sufficient capital to maintain our financial strength ratings, as issued by various rating agencies, at a level considered necessary by management to enable our insurance company subsidiaries to compete and (2) sufficient capital to enable our insurance company subsidiaries to meet the capital adequacy tests performed by regulatory agencies in the United States. 
 Cash outflows may be variable because of the uncertainty regarding settlement dates for losses. In addition, the timing and amount of individual catastrophe losses are inherently unpredictable and could increase our liquidity requirements. The timing and amount of reinsurance recoveries may be affected by reinsurer solvency and reinsurance coverage disputes. 
 Historically, we have generated substantial cash inflows from operations. It is our policy to invest the cash generated from operations in securities with maturities that, in the aggregate, correlate to the anticipated timing of payments for losses and loss settlement expenses. The majority of our assets are invested in available-for-sale fixed maturity securities. 
 The following table displays a consolidated summary of cash sources and uses for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Cash Flow Summary Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Cash provided by (used in) Operating activities 183,950 149,506 Investing activities (143,072) (164,661) Financing activities 54,447 (12,345) Net change in cash and cash equivalents 95,325 (27,500) 
 Our cash flows were sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and we anticipate they will be sufficient to meet our future liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. We also have the ability to draw on our credit facility if needed. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash flows from operating activities had inflows of 184.0 million and inflows of 149.5 million for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the net operating cash inflows were driven by premium and investment income offsetting loss and expense outflows. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash in excess of operating requirements is generally invested in fixed maturity securities. Fixed maturity securities provide regular interest payments and allow us to match the duration of our liabilities. For further discussion of our investments, including our philosophy and strategy for our portfolio, see the "Investment Portfolio" section of this Item 2. 
 In addition to investment income, possible sales of investments and proceeds from calls or maturities of fixed maturity securities can also provide liquidity. During the next five years, 491.2 million, or 26.5 percent, of our fixed maturity portfolio will mature. 
 We invest funds required for short-term cash needs primarily in money market accounts, which are classified as cash equivalents. At September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents included 105.9 million related to these money market accounts, compared to 20.3 million at December 31, 2023. The increase in money market funds is primarily due to the timing of investment sales and purchases, which resulted in a temporary increase before reinvestment into other securities. 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities were 143.1 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash flows used in investing activities of 164.7 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. For the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had cash inflows from scheduled and unscheduled investment maturities, redemptions, prepayments, and sales of investments of 541.2 million and 98.6 million, respectively. Our cash outflows for investment purchases were 675.4 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to 255.3 million for the same period of 2023. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash flows provided by financing activities were 54.4 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to 12.3 million used in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. This increase of 66.8 million was the result of our successful completion of 70 million private placement offering of senior unsecured notes completed in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Credit Facilities 
 
 On December 22, 2023, UF C became a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines ("FHLB Des Moines"). Membership allows access to loans or advances. As of September 30, 2024, there were no advances outstanding under the FHLB Des Moines agreement. For further information regarding the agreement with FHLB Des Moines, see Note 8 "Debt" contained in Part I, Item 1. 
 Dividends 
 Dividends paid to shareholders totaled 12.2 million and 12.1 million in each of the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our practice has been to pay quarterly cash dividends, which we have paid every quarter since March 1968. 
 Payments of any future dividends and the amounts of such dividends will depend upon factors such as net income, financial condition, capital requirements, and general business conditions. We will only pay dividends if declared by our Board of Directors out of legally available funds. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

As a holding company with no independent operations of its own, we rely on dividends received from our insurance company subsidiaries in order to pay dividends to our common shareholders. Dividends payable by our insurance subsidiaries are governed by the laws of the states in which they are domiciled, and if applicable, commercially domiciled. In all cases, these state laws permit the payment of dividends only from earned surplus arising from business operations. For example, under Iowa law, the maximum dividend or distribution that may be paid within a 12-month period without prior approval of the Iowa Insurance Commissioner is generally restricted to the greater of 10 percent of statutory surplus as of the preceding December 31, or net income of the preceding calendar year on a statutory basis, not greater than earned statutory surplus. Other states in which our insurance company subsidiaries are domiciled may impose similar restrictions on dividends and distributions. Based on these restrictions, at September 30, 2024, UFG's sole direct insurance company subsidiary, UF C, is able to make a maximum of 42.1 million in dividend payments without prior regulatory approval. We do not believe that these restrictions have a material impact in meeting the cash obligations of UFG. 
 Funding Commitments 
 
 Pursuant to an agreement with our limited liability partnership investments, we are contractually committed through July 10, 2030, to make capital contributions upon the request of certain of the partnerships. Our remaining potential contractual obligation was 24.4 million at September 30, 2024. These partnerships are included in our other long term investments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with a current fair value of 100.2 million, or 5.0 percent of our total invested assets, as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

MEASUREMENT OF RESULTS 
 We evaluate profit or loss based upon operating and investment results. Profit or loss described in the following sections of this Management's Discussion and Analysis is reported on a pre-tax basis. Our primary sources of revenue are premiums and investment income. Major categories of expenses include losses and loss settlement expenses, underwriting and other operating expenses. Management uses metrics to provide financial statement users with a better understanding of results of operations, including net premiums written and three components of the loss ratio: underlying loss ratio, impacts of catastrophes and non-catastrophe prior period reserve development. 
 Net premiums written is frequently used by industry analysts and other recognized reporting sources to facilitate comparisons of the performance of insurance companies. Net premiums written is the amount charged for insurance policy contracts issued and recognized on an annualized basis at the effective date of the policy. Management believes net premiums written is a meaningful measure for evaluating insurance company sales performance and geographical expansion efforts. Net premiums written for an insurance company consists of direct premiums written and premiums assumed, less premiums ceded. Net premiums earned is calculated on a pro-rata basis over the terms of the respective policies. Unearned premium reserves are established for the portion of premiums written applicable to the unexpired terms of the insurance policies in force. The difference between net premiums earned and net premiums written is the change in unearned premiums and the change in prepaid reinsurance premiums. 
 Underlying loss ratio represents the net loss ratio less the impacts of catastrophes and non-catastrophe prior period reserve development. The underlying combined ratio represents the GAAP combined ratio less the impacts of catastrophes and non-catastrophe prior period reserve development. The Company believes that the underlying loss ratio and underlying combined ratio are meaningful measures to understand the underlying trends in the core business in the current accident year, removing the volatility of prior period impacts and catastrophes. Management believes separate discussions on catastrophe losses and prior period reserve development are important to understanding how the Company is managing catastrophe risk and in identifying developments in longer-tailed business. 
 
 Prior period reserve development is the increase (unfavorable) or decrease (favorable) in incurred loss and loss adjustment expense reserves at the valuation dates for losses which occurred in previous calendar years. This measure excludes development on catastrophe losses. 
 
 Catastrophe losses is an operational measure which utilizes the designations of the Insurance Services Office ("ISO") and is reported with losses and loss settlement expense amounts net of reinsurance recoverables, unless specified otherwise. In addition to ISO catastrophes, we also include those events ("non-ISO catastrophes"), which may include U.S. or international losses, that we believe are, or will be material to our operations, either in amount or in number of claims made. Catastrophes are not predictable and are unique in terms of timing and financial impact. While management estimates catastrophe losses as incurred, due to the inherently unique nature of catastrophe losses, the impact in a reporting period is inclusive of catastrophes that occurred in the reporting period, as well as development on catastrophes that may have occurred in prior periods. The following table shows the breakdown of ISO and non-ISO catastrophes for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 ISO catastrophes 12,672 10,749 56,559 56,354 Non-ISO catastrophes (1) 
 594 4,546 1,666 3,705 Total catastrophes 13,266 15,295 58,225 60,059 
 (1) This number includes international assumed losses. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

We evaluate our property catastrophe exposure by considering planned portfolio growth, market conditions, business needs, portfolio aggregation, and results of third-party vendor model output. As a result of the evaluation, we may limit our exposure in regions that are prone to naturally occurring catastrophic events through a combination of geographic diversification and restrictions on the amount and location of new business production in such regions. We regularly assess our concentration of risk exposures in natural catastrophe exposed areas and consider the impacts of climate change and the unpredictability of future trends in adjusting our geographic concentrations. We have strategies and underwriting standards to manage these exposures through individual risk selection, subject to regulatory constraints. We use third-party vendor catastrophe modeling and a risk concentration management tool to monitor and control our accumulation of potential losses in natural catastrophe exposed areas, such as the Gulf Coast and East Coast. We model several perils against our exposure profile to produce a view into portfolio aggregation and property catastrophe exposure. Our staff regularly performs portfolio analysis, creating and utilizing custom model output which is used to further expand our insights into our exposure profile. We use all of these evaluations when renewing our catastrophe reinsurance programs on an annual basis. 
 Our profitability is influenced by many factors, including price, competition, economic conditions, investment returns, interest rates, catastrophic events and other natural disasters, man-made disasters, state regulations, court decisions, and changes in the law. To manage these risks and uncertainties, we seek to achieve consistent profitability through strong agency relationships, exceptional customer service, fair and prompt claims handling, disciplined underwriting, superior loss control services, prudent management of our investments, appropriate matching of assets and liabilities, effective use of ceded reinsurance and effective and efficient use of technology. 

50 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We have exposure to market risk arising from potential losses in our investment portfolio due to adverse changes in interest rates and market prices. However, we have the ability to hold fixed maturity investments to maturity. Our investment guidelines define the overall framework for managing our market and other investment risks, including accountability and controls. In addition, each of our subsidiaries has specific investment policies that delineate the investment limits and strategies that are appropriate given each entity's liquidity, surplus, product, and regulatory requirements. We respond to market risk by managing the character of investment purchases. 
 
 It is our philosophy that we do not utilize financial hedges or derivative financial instruments to manage risks, nor do we enter into any swap, forward or option contracts, but rather attempt to mitigate our exposure through active portfolio management. In addition, we place the majority of our investments in high-quality, liquid securities and limit the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. At September 30, 2024, we did not have direct exposure to investments in sub-prime mortgages or other credit-enhancement exposures. 
 
 Our primary market risks are exposure to changes in interest rates and we have limited exposure to foreign currency exchange rates. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, were designed and functioning effectively to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. We believe that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated our internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the fiscal quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Based on this evaluation, no such change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal quarter to which this report relates . We believe our operational processes, internal controls over financial reporting and disclosures, and financial reporting systems are operating effectively in the present environment. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 In the normal course of its business, the Company is a party to a variety of legal proceedings. While the final outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes all of the proceedings pending as of September 30, 2024 to be ordinary and routine and does not expect these legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks, including those identified in Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024. 
 
 These risks are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also have a material effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Under our share repurchase program, first announced in August 2007, we may purchase UFG common stock from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The amount and timing of any purchases will be at our discretion and will depend upon a number of factors, including the share price, general economic and market conditions, and corporate and regulatory requirements. Our share repurchase program may be modified or discontinued at any time. 
 
 The Board of Directors reauthorized the share repurchase program in November 2022 through August 2024. There are 1,719,326 shares of common stock remaining under this authorization. There were no purchases of shares of common stock made by or on our behalf or by any "affiliated purchaser," as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act, during the three-month period ended September 30, 2024. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Securities Trading Plans of Officers and Directors 
 
 UFG has an Insider Trading Policy applicable to all individuals, including officers and directors of UFG, who have access to nonpublic information about UFG which limits the periods during which officers and directors are allowed to trade in Company securities. UFG's Insider Trading Policy permits trading plans intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c), referred to as "Rule 10b5-1 trading plans." Under UFG's Insider Trading Policy, enactment of a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan by an officer or director requires approval by UFG's Nominating Governance Committee, the Chief Executive Officer, or the Chief Financial Officer. During the third quarter of 2024, none of UFG's directors or officers or Rule 10b5-1 trading plans and none of UFG's directors or officers or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). 
 52 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit number Exhibit description Furnished herewith Filed herewith 31.1 Certification of Kevin J. Leidwinger pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Eric J. Martin pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Kevin J. Leidwinger pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Eric J. Martin pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.1 The following financial information from United Fire Group, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 ; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (unaudited) for the three- and nine- month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 ; (iii) Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity (unaudited) for the three- and nine- month period s ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 ; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the nine -month period s ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 ; and (v) Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as a block of text . 
 
 X 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101.1) 
 X 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
 53 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 UNITED FIRE GROUP, INC. (Registrant) /s/ Kevin J. Leidwinger /s/ Eric J. Martin Kevin J. Leidwinger Eric J. Martin President, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Principal Executive Officer Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer November 6, 2024 November 6, 2024 (Date) (Date) 

54 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311093024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kevin J. Leidwinger, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of United Fire Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 s Kevin J. Leidwinger 
 
 Kevin J. Leidwinger Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312093024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Eric J. Martin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of United Fire Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 s Eric J. Martin 
 
 Eric J. Martin Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321093024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of United Fire Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kevin Leidwinger, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 s Kevin J. Leidwinger 
 
 Kevin J. Leidwinger Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to United Fire Group, Inc. and will be retained by United Fire Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322093024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of United Fire Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric J. Martin, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 s Eric J. Martin Eric J. Martin Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to United Fire Group, Inc. and will be retained by United Fire Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ufcs-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ufcs-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ufcs-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ufcs-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ufcs-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

