<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241122_10-Q_edgar_data_1856961_0001213900-24-101103.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4714147</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>131629</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1081433</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>877990</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1164584</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1378837</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-101103.hdr.sgml : 20241122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241121180124
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-101103
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blue Ocean Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001856961
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41112
		FILM NUMBER:		241485839

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 WISCONSIN CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CHEVY CHASE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20815
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(703) 541-8581

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 WISCONSIN CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CHEVY CHASE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20815

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-101103.txt : 20241122

10-Q
 1
 ea0221857-10q_blueocean.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number : 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , 20815 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 21, 2024, there were 6,585,699
Class A ordinary shares, including Non-Redeemable Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary share of the registrant
issued and outstanding. 

BLUE OCEAN ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Interim Financial Statements. 
 1 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 24 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 30 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 31 
 
 Part II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 32 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 32 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors. 
 32 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 
 34 

Item 3. 
 Default Upon Senior Securities. 
 34 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 34 

Item 5. 
 Other Information. 
 34 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits. 
 35 
 
 Part III - SIGNATURES 
 37 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. Interim Financial Statements. 

BLUE OCEAN ACQUISITION CORP 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Cash held in trust account 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Redeemable Class A ordinary shares and Shareholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable Related Party 

Promissory note, convertible Related Party 

Promissory note Related Party 

Promissory note 

Total current liabilities 

Accrued offering costs, non-current 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; and shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; none outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, Par Value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (excluding 1,841,950 and 6,157,215 shares subject to possible redemption, respectively) 

Class B ordinary shares, Par Value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

BLUE OCEAN ACQUISITION CORP 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For The 
 For The 
 For The 
 For The 

Three Months 
Ended 
 Nine Months 
 Ended 
 Three Months 
Ended 
 Nine Months 
Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 
 September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2024 
 2023 
 2023 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other Income (expense): 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Interest expense 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares, subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share, Class A ordinary shares, subject to possible redemption 

Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share, non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

BLUE OCEAN ACQUISITION CORP 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE 

NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Class A Ordinary shares 
 Class B Ordinary shares 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2023 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Conversion of Class B Ordinary Shares 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2024 

BLUE OCEAN ACQUISITION
CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE 

NINE MONTHS
ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Class B Ordinary 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

shares 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2022 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net Income 

Balance March 31, 2023 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net Income 

Repurchase of Class B ordinary shares 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net Income 

Balance September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

BLUE OCEAN ACQUISITION CORP 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For The Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flow from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income(loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on cash held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts Payable Related Party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for redemptions 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note payable 

Proceeds from promissory notes payable 

Payments to redeeming shareholders 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at the beginning of the period 

Cash at the end of the period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Conversion of Class B ordinary shares to Class A ordinary shares 

Accretion of ordinary shares subject to redemption 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

BLUE OCEAN ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the
Class A ordinary shares included in the Units offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of which
is described in Note 3. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share of the Company and one-half of redeemable warrant (the Public
Warrants ). On December 9, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option and purchased units (the Over-Allotment
Option Units at a price of per Over-Allotment Option Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant that closed in a private placement to Blue Ocean Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor and Apollo SPAC Fund I, L.P. Apollo or Anchor Investor simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering
(see Note 4). On December 9, 2021, the Company consummated the sale of additional Private Placement Warrants (the Additional
Private Placement Warrants with the Sponsor at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of . 

Transaction
costs amounted to , consisting of in cash underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, 
of offering costs related to the fair value of the Founder Shares sold to Anchor Investor, and of other offering costs. 

Following
the closing of the Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units and the sale
of the Additional Private Placement Shares, an amount of per Public Unit) was placed in a trust account (the Trust
Account ), located in the United States and will be invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in
Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185
days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting certain
conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business
Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. 

5 

for each of the nine subsequent one-month extensions. In connection therewith the shareholders of record
were provided the opportunity to exercise their redemption rights (the Extension Amendment ). Holders of Class
A ordinary shares exercised their right to redemption at a per share redemption price of approximately . On September 5, 2023, a
total of in redemption payments were made in connection with this redemption. Following the redemption, the Company
had a total of Class A ordinary shares outstanding. 

On
May 29, 2024, shareholders of the Company held an Extraordinary General Meeting of shareholders in lieu of the 2024 annual general meeting
of the shareholders of the company (the Second Extension Meeting ). At the Second Extension Meeting, the Company s
shareholders approved the proposal to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to give the
Company the right to further extend the date by which it has to consummate a business combination from June 7, 2024 to December 7, 2024,
by depositing into the Trust Account for each of the six subsequent one-month extensions. In connection therewith the shareholders
of record were provided the opportunity to exercise their redemption rights (the Second Extension Amendment ). Holders of 
Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redemption at a per share redemption price of approximately . On June 3, 2024,
a total of in redemption payments were made in connection with this redemption. Following the redemption, the Company had
a total of Class A ordinary shares outstanding. 

On
January 24, 2024, the SEC issued final rules (the SPAC Rules relating to, among other things, disclosures in business combination
transactions between special purpose acquisition companies SPACs such as us and private operating companies; the condensed
financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; and the use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings
in connection with proposed business combination transactions. In connection with the issuance of the SPAC Rules, the SEC also issued
guidance (the SPAC Guidance regarding the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination
transactions and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended Investment
Company Act based on certain facts and circumstances such as duration, asset composition, sources of income, business purpose
and activities of the SPAC and its management team in furtherance of such goals. 

To mitigate the risk of us
being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company
Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, in November 2023, the Company instructed Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market
funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter deposited the cash from the liquidation of the trust assets into an interest-bearing demand
deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, with Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company continuing to act as trustee. As a result, following such liquidation, we would receive minimal interest,
if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption
or liquidation of the Company. 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that
together have a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination.
The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect
a Business Combination. 

6 

or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

The
public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially
 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the
deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights
upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. These Class A ordinary shares are recorded
at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). 

If
a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the
Company will, pursuant to its Memorandum and Articles of Association, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information
as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

The
Company s Sponsor and Apollo have agreed (a) to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased
during or after the Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose an amendment to the Company s Memorandum
and Articles of Association with respect to the Company s pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation of a Business
Combination unless the Company provides dissenting Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction
with any such amendment; (c) not to redeem any shares (including the Founder Shares) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account
in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination (or to sell any shares in a tender offer in connection with a
Business Combination if the Company does not seek shareholder approval in connection therewith) or a vote to amend the provisions of the
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association relating to shareholders rights of pre-Business Combination activity
and (d) that the Founder Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not
consummated. However, the Sponsor and Apollo will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any
Public Shares purchased during or after the Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination. 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public
Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s
board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case
to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. 

7 

). 

The
Sponsor and Apollo have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares
and Private Placement Warrants it will receive if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.
However, if the Sponsor, Apollo or any of their respective affiliates acquire Public Shares, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

In
order to protect the amounts held in the trust, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any
claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company
has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount
of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the
Trust Account as of the day of liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business
who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it
apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve
for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their
indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure
its shareholders that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify
the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. The Company
will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute
agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Business Combination 

On June 6, 2023, the Company
entered into the Original Merger Agreement, as subsequently amended by the Amendments. On the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Merger Agreement, the parties thereto will enter into Transactions, including the Merger. 

At the closing of the Transactions
(the Closing ), by virtue of the Merger, the outstanding shares and warrants of the Company will be canceled and converted
into the right to receive equivalent shares and warrants of TNL Mediagene, and TNL Mediagene is expected to be the publicly traded company
with its ordinary shares and warrants listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). 

On
May 29, 2024, the Company, TNL Mediagene and Merger Sub executed the First Amendment for purposes of extending the date to complete the
Merger from June 7, 2024 to December 7, 2024. On October 23, 2024, the Company, TNL Mediagene and Merger Sub executed the Second Amendment
for purposes of removing the conditions to Closing that (i) TNL Mediagene have net tangible assets of at least immediately
after the effective time of the Merger and (ii) Minimum Balance Sheet Cash (as defined in the Merger Agreement) be no less than 
immediately prior to or upon Closing. 

8 

and in its operating bank account, respectively, and had
a working capital deficiency of and , respectively. 

The
Company s liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through a payment of from the Sponsor to purchase the Founder Shares,
an initial loan of from the Sponsor, and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account
of million. The Company repaid the initial loan from the Sponsor in full on December 6, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5). As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023 there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

On June 20, 2023, the Company
entered into a Promissory Note (as defined in Note 5) with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to
an aggregate principal amount of up to . The Promissory Note is payable on the earlier of the date on which the Company consummates
a Business Combination or June 7, 2024. On May 30, 2024, the Promissory Note was amended to extend the maturity date to December 7, 2024.
Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, the Sponsor will have the option, but not the obligation, to convert the entire principal
balance of the Promissory Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price
of per warrant. The terms of such private placement warrants (if issued) will be identical to the terms of the private placement
warrants issued by the Company in connection with the IPO. The Promissory Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence
of any of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal and interest balance of the Promissory Note and all other sums payable with
regard to the Sponsor Note becoming immediately due and payable. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal and interest under the Promissory Note was , and , respectively.
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding principal and interest under the Promissory Note was , and , respectively. 

On August 3, 2023, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note to TNL Mediagene with a principal amount available of up to , which was later amended and
restated on July 15, 2024 to increase the aggregate principal amount available for drawdowns up to (as amended and restated,
the TNL Working Capital Note ). Borrowings under the TNL Working Capital Note are available on a monthly basis in increments
of at least and no more than for any individual month and for any earlier individual months in which no borrowings were
requested during the term of the TNL Working Capital Note. For the avoidance of doubt, requests by the Company to TNL Mediagene for borrowings
under the TNL Mediagene Working Capital Note corresponding to months in which the Company did not previously request any borrowings are
permitted to exceed in aggregate. The monthly borrowings will be available until the earlier of (i) December 7, 2024, (ii) the
date of consummation of the Merger, (iii) termination of the Merger Agreement and (iv) termination of the note by TNL Mediagene upon thirty
days written notice by the Company. The TNL Working Capital Note is a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note that will not be
repaid in the event that the Merger Agreement is terminated prior to consummation of the Business Combination. The TNL Working Capital
Note will be paid on the date on which the Company consummates the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The TNL Working
Capital Note is subject to events of default, the occurrence of any of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal and interest
balance of the Promissory Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Sponsor Note becoming immediately due and payable. As of
September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding principal balance under the TNL Working Capital Note amounted to an aggregate
of and , respectively. 

On
April 5, 2024, the Company entered into a promissory note with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company a
principal amount of up to (the Sponsor Promissory Note ). The Sponsor Promissory Note is a non-interest bearing,
unsecured promissory note which may be drawn down by the Company from time to time to be used for costs and expenses related to the Company s
initial merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company
and one or more businesses or entities. Pursuant to the terms of the Sponsor Promissory Note, if the Business Combination is not consummated,
the Sponsor Promissory Note will be repaid solely to the extent that the Company has funds available to it outside of its Trust Account,
and that all other amounts will be contributed to capital, forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. The Sponsor Promissory Note is
subject to events of default, the occurrence of any of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal of the Sponsor Promissory Note
and all other sums payable with regard to the Sponsor Note becoming immediately due and payable. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding
principal balance under the Sponsor Promissory Note amounted to an aggregate of . 

9 

into
the Trust Account in order to effect additional one month extensions, which extended the deadline to June 7, 2024 to consummate the Business
Combination. In accordance with the Second Extension Amendment, on June 3, 2024, July 24, 2024, August 1, 2024 and September 3, 2024,
the Company deposited into the Trust account, which extended the deadline to October 7, 2024. Through September 30, 2024, an aggregate of was deposited into the Trust account in connection with these monthly extension payments.
In accordance with the Second Extension Amendment, on October 1, 2024, and November 1, 2024, the Company deposited into the Trust
account, which extended the deadline to December 7, 2024. 

Based
on the foregoing, management believes that the Company will have sufficient borrowing capacity from TNL Mediagene, the Sponsor or an affiliate
of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors to meet its needs through the consummation of the Merger on or
before December 7, 2024. 

The provisions of FASB ASC
Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, requires management to assess an entity s ability
to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. The Company has until December 7, 2024,
to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by the specified
period. If a Business Combination is not consummated by December 7, 2024, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. 

The
Company s evaluation of its liquidity condition and the date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through December 7, 2024. These condensed financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be
necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of rising interest rates, inflation, the Russia-Ukraine war and the conflict in Israel and Palestine
on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that any of these could have a negative effect on the Company s
financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of
the date of these unaudited condensed financial statements. The unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for,
among other things, a new U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and
certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. Because we may acquire
a domestic corporation or engage in a transaction in which a domestic corporation becomes our parent or our affiliate and our securities
trade on US stock exchange, we may become a covered corporation within the meaning of the IR Act. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax,
repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock
repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury
(the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or
avoidance of the excise tax. 

10 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

11 

and in cash held
in its operating account as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company did not have any cash equivalents
as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. 

12 

13 

as a result of the Public Offering (consisting of of underwriting fees, 
of deferred underwriting fees, for the excess fair value of Founder Shares attributable to the Anchor Investor, and 
of other offering costs). The Company recorded of offering costs as a reduction of equity in connection with the Class A ordinary
shares included in the Units. The Company immediately expensed of offering costs in connection with the Warrants that were classified
as liabilities. 

Plus 

Adjust carrying value to initial redemption value 

Less 

Shares redeemed in September 2023 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2023 

Plus 

Adjust carrying value to initial redemption value 

Less 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of March 31, 2024 

Plus 

Adjust carrying value to initial redemption value 

Less 

Shares redeemed in June 2024 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of June 30, 2024 

Plus 

Adjust carrying value to initial redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2024 

14 

Denominator: Weighted Average share 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share 

Denominator: Weighted Average share 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share 

15 

Units at per Unit. On December 9, 2021, the underwriters fully
exercised the over-allotment option and purchased Units at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of
 . Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, par value, and one-half of redeemable warrant. Each whole
Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note
7). 

An
Anchor Investor unaffiliated with any member of our management team purchased an aggregate of of the Units sold in the Public
Offering. These Units purchased by Apollo in this offering are not subject to any agreements restricting their transfer. Further, Apollo
purchased founder shares at per share. 

The
Company considers the excess fair value of the Founder Shares issued to the Anchor Investor above the purchase price as offering costs
and will reduce the gross proceeds by this amount. The Company has valued the excess fair value over consideration of the founder shares
offered to the Anchor Investor at . The excess of the fair value over consideration of the Founder Shares was determined to
be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A and 5T and were allocated to shareholders equity and
expenses upon the completion of the Public Offering. 

Private Placement Warrants
at a price of per warrant. On December 9, 2021, the Company consummated the sale of additional Private Placement
Warrants with the Sponsor at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of . 

Each
Private Placement Warrant is identical to the warrants offered in the Public Offering, except there is no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to Private Placement Warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a
Business Combination within the Combination Period. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added
to the net proceeds from the Public Offering held in the Trust Account. 

Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares to the Sponsor
for an aggregate purchase price of . On December 2, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization of an additional 
Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have
been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. 

On
June 21, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares to the Sponsor upon the conversion of an equal
number of Class B ordinary shares and an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares to Norman Pearlstine, Joel Motley, Matt
Goldberg, Priscilla Han, Apollo Credit Strategies Master Fund Ltd. and other holders of the Company s Class B ordinary shares
upon the conversion of an equal number of Class B ordinary shares. The Class A ordinary shares issued in connection with the
Conversion are subject to the same restrictions applicable to the Class B ordinary shares prior to the Conversion, including, among
other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business
combination. Following the Conversion, the Company had a total of Class A ordinary shares outstanding, of which 
were redeemable Class A ordinary shares, and Class B ordinary share outstanding. 

16 

after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to our initial Business Combination (x) if the last reported sale
price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights
issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any trading days within any -trading
day period commencing at least days after our initial Business Combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our Public Shareholders having the right to exchange
their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

The
Anchor Investor has not been granted any shareholder or other rights in addition to those afforded to the Company s other public
shareholders. Further, the Anchor Investor is not required to (i) hold any Units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants purchased in the
Public Offering or thereafter for any amount of time, (ii) vote any Class A ordinary shares they may own at the applicable time in favor
of the Business Combination or (iii) refrain from exercising their right to redeem their public shares at the time of the Business Combination.
The Anchor Investor has the same rights to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying
the Units they purchased in the Public Offering as the rights afforded to the Company s other public shareholders. 

Related Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor,
or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working
Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of notes may be converted upon consummation
of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of per warrant. The warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay
the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. There are no Working
Capital Loans outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Convertible Promissory Note 

On June 20, 2023, the Company
issued an unsecured convertible promissory note (the Promissory Note to the Sponsor for borrowings from time to time of
up to an aggregate of which may be drawn by the Company to finance costs incurred in connection with a potential initial
business combination and for working capital purposes and/or to finance monthly deposits into the Trust Account for each public share
that is not redeemed in connection with the extension of the Company s termination date from September 7, 2023 to June 7, 2024.
On May 30, 2024, in connection with the extension of the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination from July 7,
2024, to December 7, 2024, the Promissory Note was amended to provide for payment on the earlier of the date on which the Company consummates
a Business Combination or December 7, 2024. The Promissory Note is interest bearing, at the applicable federal interest rate, compounded
per annum, and is payable on the earlier of (i) December 7, 2024; (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination
or (iii) the Company liquidates the Trust Account upon the failure to consummate an initial business combination within the requisite
time period. Upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination, the Promissory Note may be converted, at the Sponsor s
discretion, into private placement warrants at a price of per warrant. The warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding principal balance including interest under the Promissory Note amounted
to an aggregate of and , respectively. Interest expense amounted to and for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Interest expense amounted to for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

17 

(the Sponsor Promissory Note ). The Sponsor Promissory Note is a non-interest bearing,
unsecured promissory note which may be drawn down by the Company from time to time to be used for costs and expenses related to the Company s
initial merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company
and one or more businesses or entities. Pursuant to the terms of the Sponsor Promissory Note, if the Business Combination is not consummated,
the Sponsor Promissory Note will be repaid solely to the extent that the Company has funds available to it outside of its Trust Account,
and that all other amounts will be contributed to capital, forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven or eliminated. The Sponsor Promissory
Note is subject to events of default, the occurrence of any of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal of the Sponsor Promissory
Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Sponsor Note becoming immediately due and payable. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding
principal balance under the Sponsor Promissory Note amounted to . 

Administrative Support Agreement 

On
December 2, 2021, the Company entered into an administrative support agreement with the Sponsor pursuant to which, until the Company s
initial business combination or liquidation, the Company may reimburse an affiliate of the Sponsor up to an amount of per month
for office space and secretarial and administrative support (the Administrative Support Agreement ). The Company recognized
 and of expense, for each of the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are
included in General and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed statements of operations. At September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023 the outstanding balance under the Administrative Support Agreement was and , respectively. 

Consulting Agreements 

The Company and Mr. Leggett
entered into a consulting agreement on October 11, 2022, as amended July 31, 2023 (the Leggett Consulting Agreement ). Under
the Leggett Consulting Agreement, Mr. Leggett is entitled to per month for certain services Mr. Leggett provides to the Company
and its affiliates. Mr. Leggett is separately entitled under the Leggett Consulting Agreement to a success bonus of to be paid
within 10 business days of the close of the business combination, subject to a reduction by for each month in which the Company
pays Mr. Leggett a consulting service fee under the Leggett Consulting Agreement. The Company and Mr. Lasov entered into a consulting
agreement on November 22, 2022, as amended July 31, 2023 (the Lasov Consulting Agreement ). Under the Lasov Consulting Agreement,
Mr. Lasov is entitled to per month for certain services Mr. Lasov provides to the Company and its affiliates. Mr. Lasov is separately
entitled under the Lasov Consulting Agreement to a success bonus of to be paid within 10 business days of the close of the business
combination, subject to a reduction by the amount of each consulting service fee paid to Mr. Lasov by the Company under the Lasov Consulting
Agreement. Mr. Leggett agreed that as of April 1, 2024, to reduce his monthly service fee under the Leggett Consulting Agreement to 
per month, of which will be deducted from his success bonus. The Company recognized an aggregate expense of and ,
respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, which are included in General and administrative expenses
in the accompanying condensed statements of operations. The Company recognized , during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2023, which are included in General and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed statements of operations.
The aggregate amount due of and are included in Accounts payable and accrued expenses on the accompanying
condensed balance sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company is obligated to pay a success bonus of to Mr. Leggett upon the consummation of a business combination. The Company
is no longer obligated to pay a success bonus to Mr. Lasov, as the amounts previously expensed under his agreement has exceeded the bonus
amount. 

18 

of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, or due to the exercise of
the over-allotment option in full. In addition, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of three and a half percent of the
gross proceeds of the Public Offering, or . The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in
the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.
The underwriter has reimbursed the Company for for offering expenses. The reimbursement of these costs has been accounted for
as a reduction to offering costs of the Public Offering. 

warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering (the Public Warrants and the 
Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do
not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant much be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company has classified
each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such
re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s
statement of operations. 

Warrants- Public
Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants.
The Public Warrants will become exercisable days after the consummation of a Business Combination. The Public Warrants will expire
 from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company
satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No Public Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the
Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Public Warrants, unless the issuance of the shares
upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration
is available. 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days, after the closing of a Business Combination,
it will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement registering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration
statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to cause such registration statement to become
effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as
specified in the Warrant Agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is not effective by the th business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is
an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. 

19 

. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per Public
Warrant; 

upon not less than days 
prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and 

if, and only if, the reported
last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares
issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending
 business before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The Company will not redeem
the warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class
A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary
shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, the Company may exercise
its redemption right even if the Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state
securities laws. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds . 

Once the
Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at per warrant upon a
minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table based on the redemption date and the
 fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares; 

if, and only if, the Reference
Value (as defined above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price
of a warrant); and 

if the Reference Value is less
than per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant),
the Private Placement Warrants must also concurrently be called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants,
as described above. 

If
and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may not exercise its redemption right if the issuance of shares
of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws
or the Company is unable to effect such registration or qualification. 

The
exercise price and number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a share dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. Additionally, in no event will the Company
be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect
to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect
to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management
will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described
in the Warrant Agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may
be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization,
merger or consolidation. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates
the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they
receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly,
the warrants may expire worthless. 

20 

per share of Class
A ordinary shares (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors
and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor
or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from
such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s
initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of such initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume
weighted average trading price of the Company s ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior
to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 
per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants included in the Units sold in the Public Offering, except that the Private
Placement Warrants and the shares of ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants are not transferable,
assignable or salable until days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally,
the Private Placement Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the
Public Warrants. 

shares of par value preferred shares. On September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there were no preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Ordinary shares -The Company is authorized to issue up to Class A, par value ordinary shares. Holders of
the Company s ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. 

Class
B Ordinary shares -The Company is authorized to issue up to Class B, par value ordinary shares. Holders of the
Company s ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. On December 2, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization
of an additional Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares outstanding. 

Holders
of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of
shareholders, except as required by law; provided that only holders of Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote for the election
of directors prior to the Company s initial Business Combination. 

The
Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination, or earlier
at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances,
consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that
additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued and related
to the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which the Class B ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary
shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such anti-dilution
adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion
of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of all shares issued and outstanding
plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination,
excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination. The term
 equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for the
Company s Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with the initial business combination, including
but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. 

21 

and , respectively, of outstanding Class B ordinary shares, par value
 per share on a one-for-one basis into non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares, par value per share of the Company, with
immediate effect. The non-redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares issued in connection with the conversion are subject to the same restrictions
as applied to the Class B ordinary shares before the conversion, including, and among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver
of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of a Business Combination as described in the prospectus for the Company s
IPO. The Company modified its balance sheet and statements of shareholders equity to reflect the impact of these conversions. Following
such conversion, as of September 30, 2024, the Company had an aggregate of non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares and Class
B ordinary share issued and outstanding. 

Pursuant to and concurrently
with the Public Offering, the Company sold Units. In connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting and Second Extension
Meeting, the shareholders of record were provided the opportunity to exercise their redemption rights. On June 3, 2024 and September 5,
2023, holders of and Class A ordinary shares, respectively, exercised their right to redemption. Following the
redemptions, as of September 30, 2024, the Company had a total of Class A ordinary shares outstanding subject to possible
redemption (see Note 2). 

On
August 21, 2024, the Company received a deficiency letter from NASDAQ relating to non-compliance with NASDAQ s listing requirement
which requires the Company to have at least 400 total holders for the continued listing on the NASDAQ. The Company had until October 7,
2024 to submit a plan to regain compliance with the minimum public holders rule. On October 4, 2024, the Company submitted to NASDAQ a
plan to regain compliance with the minimum public holders rule. 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities Public Warrants 

Warrant liabilities Private Placement Warrants 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities Public Warrants 

Warrant liabilities Private Placement Warrants 

The
Warrants are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815 and are presented within warrant liabilities on the condensed balance
sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented
within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the condensed statements of operations. Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are
recognized at the beginning of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs. 

22 

Expected term (years) Expected volatility Exercise price Fair value of Class A ordinary shares 

The
Company s use of the Black-Scholes option pricing model required the use of subjective assumptions: 

The risk-free interest rate
assumption was based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity rate for the expected term of the warrants. 

The expected term was determined
utilizing a probability weighted term input to be consistent with the stock price and volatility inputs which are reflective of the probability
of successful merger. 

The expected volatility assumption
was based on the implied volatility solved by calibrating the warrant value output from a Binomial Lattice based model to the publicly
observed, traded price on each valuation date. An increase in the expected volatility, in isolation, would result in an increase in the
fair value measurement of the warrant liabilities and vice versa. 

The fair value of one Class
A ordinary share is the publicly-traded stock price. 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of March 31, 2023 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of June 30, 2023 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of September 30, 2023 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2023 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of March 31, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of June 30, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of September 30, 2024 

into the Trust account, which extended the
deadline to November 7, 2024 and December 7, 2024, respectively. 

The Company borrowed an additional
 under the TNL Working Capital Note through November 21, 2024. 

On October 23, 2024, contemporaneously with the execution of the
amendment to the Merger Agreement (see Note 1), the Company, Sponsor and TNL Mediagene entered into an amendment to the amended and
restated letter agreement dated June 6, 2023, to provide that the Sponsor shall forfeit Founder Shares and of the
Private Placement Warrants immediately prior to the close of the Merger, subject in each case, to adjustment based on the amount of
minimum balance sheet cash calculated in accordance with the Merger Agreement. 

23 

Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References in this report
(the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Blue Ocean Acquisition
Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references
to the Sponsor refer to Blue Ocean Sponsor LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this
Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ significantly from the results, expectations and plans discussed in these
forward-looking statements. See Special Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report, including,
without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section
21E of the Exchange Act of 1934. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management
team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections,
forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements.
The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly
Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be
no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a
number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors of the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 21, 2024 and under the heading Item
1A. Risk Factors of this Quarterly Report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our
assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We
undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. 

On June 6, 2023, we entered
into an agreement and plan of merger (the Original Merger Agreement with TNL Mediagene (formerly, The News Lens
Co., Ltd. ), a Cayman Islands exempted company TNL ), and TNLMG, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly owned
subsidiary of TNL Mediagene Merger Sub ), as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May
29, 2024 and Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 23, 2024 (together, the Amendments and
collectively with the Original Merger Agreement, the Merger Agreement ). On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in the Merger Agreement, the parties thereto will enter into a business combination transaction (the Business Combination 
and together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Transactions ), pursuant to which, among
other things, Merger Sub will merge with and into us, with us surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of TNL Mediagene (the
 Merger ). 

At the closing of the Transactions
(the Closing ), by virtue of the Merger, our outstanding shares and warrants will be canceled and converted into the right
to receive equivalent shares and warrants of TNL Mediagene, and TNL Mediagene is expected to be the publicly traded company with its ordinary
shares and warrants listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). 

We intend to effectuate our
initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and the Additional
Private Placement Warrants, our capital shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. The Company is an emerging growth
company , and as such, the Company is subject to all risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

24 

On August 29, 2023, shareholders
of the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Extraordinary General Meeting in lieu of the
2023 annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Company. At the Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company s shareholders
approved the proposal to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to give the Company the
right to extend the date by which it has to consummate a business combination from September 7, 2023 to June 7, 2024, by depositing into
the Trust Account 60,000 for each of the nine subsequent one-month extensions. In connection therewith the shareholders of record were
provided the opportunity to exercise their redemption rights (the Extension Amendment ). Holders of 12,817,785 Class
A ordinary shares exercised their right to redemption at a per share redemption price of approximately 10.67. On September 5, 2023, a
total of 136,786,445 in redemption payments were made in connection with this redemption. Following the redemption, the Company
had a total of 6,157,215 Class A ordinary shares outstanding 

On
May 29, 2024, shareholders of the Company held an Extraordinary General Meeting of shareholders in lieu of the 2024 annual general meeting
of the shareholders of the company (the Second Extension Meeting ). At the Second Extension Meeting, the Company s
shareholders approved the proposal to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to give the
Company the right to further extend the date by which it has to consummate a business combination from June 7, 2024, to December 7, 2024,
by depositing into the Trust Account the lesser of 30,000 or 0.035 per Public Share for each of the six subsequent one-month extensions.
In connection therewith the shareholders of record were provided the opportunity to exercise their redemption rights (the Second
Extension Amendment ). Holders of 4,315,265 Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redemption at a per share redemption
price of approximately 11.20. On June 3, 2024, a total of 48,321,747 in redemption payments were made in connection with the Second
Extension Amendment. Following the Second Extension Amendment, the Company had a total of 1,841,950 Class A ordinary shares
outstanding. 

On
June 21, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of 4,353,749 Class A ordinary shares to the Sponsor upon the conversion of an equal
number of Class B ordinary shares and an aggregate of 390,000 Class A ordinary shares to Norman Pearlstine, Joel Motley, Matt
Goldberg, Priscilla Han, Apollo Credit Strategies Master Fund Ltd. and other holders of the Company s Class B ordinary shares upon
the conversion of an equal number of Class B ordinary shares (together, the Conversion ). The Class A ordinary shares
issued in connection with the Conversion are subject to the same restrictions applicable to the Class B ordinary shares prior to the
Conversion, including, among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in
favor of an initial business combination. Following the Conversion, the Company had a total of 6,585,699 Class A ordinary shares
outstanding, of which 1,841,950 were redeemable Class A ordinary shares, and one Class B ordinary share outstanding. 

As of September 30, 2024,
we had cash of 47,683 and had a working capital deficit of 8,229,168. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit
of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete a business combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We did not commence operations
until after the closing of our Public Offering in December 2021, and as of September 30, 2024, we have not engaged in any significant
operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial
Business Combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents. There has been
no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial
statements. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial
reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024, we had net losses of 612,572 and 1,672,123, respectively, which were impacted by the change in
fair value of warrant liability of (11,228) and 72,978, respectively, interest expense of 16,700 and 50,658,
respectively, and interest earned on cash held in trust account of 271,259 and 1,859,265, respectively and a loss from operations
of 855,903 and 3,553,708, respectively. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2023, we had net income of 926,269 which was impacted by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account
of 2,107,466, offset by change in fair value of warrant liability of 243,263, interest expense of 5,368 and a loss from operations
of 932,566. 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had net income of 3,465,360 which was impacted by interest earned on marketable securities
held in the trust account of 5,986,162, change in fair value of warrant liability of 353,666, unrealized gain on marketable securities
held in the trust account of 670,104, interest expense of 5,368 and a loss from operations of 3,539,204. 

25 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On December 7, 2021, we consummated
our Public Offering of 16,500,000 Units and the Private Placement of an aggregate of 8,235,000 private placement warrants, generating
gross proceeds of 173,235,000. On December 9, 2021, the Underwriter exercised in full the option granted to them by the Company to purchase
up to 2,475,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, and we issued an additional 990,000 Private Placement Warrants in the Additional
Private Placement, generating total gross proceeds of 25,245,000. 

Following our Public Offering,
the exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of 193,545,000 was placed in the Trust
Account. We incurred 12,517,335 in transaction costs, including 3,795,000 in cash underwriting fees, 6,641,250 of deferred underwriting
fees, 1,248,100 of offering costs related to the fair value of the Founder Shares sold to Apollo, and 832,985 of other offering costs. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, cash used in operating activities was 935,345. Net loss of 1,672,123 was impacted by interest earned on cash held
the Trust Account of 1,859,265, change in fair value of warrant liability of 72,978, interest expense of 50,658 and changes in operating
assets and liabilities, 2,618,363. 

As of September 30, 2024,
and December 31, 2023, we had cash of 21,172,263 and 67,214,745 held in the Trust Account, respectively. We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less taxes paid and
deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial Business Combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. 

As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, we had cash of 47,683 and 61,977 outside of the Trust Account, respectively. We intend to use the funds held outside
the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review
corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete our initial Business
Combination. 

In
connection with Extraordinary General Meeting on August 29, 2023, the shareholders of record were provided the opportunity to exercise
their redemption rights. Holders of 12,817,785 Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redemption, subsequently a total
of 136,786,445 in redemption payments were made in connection with this redemption from the Trust Account. In connection with the
Second Extension Meeting on May 29, 2024, the shareholders of record were provided with the opportunity to exercise their redemption rights.
Holders of 4,315,265 Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redemption, subsequently a total of 48,321,747 in redemption payments
were made in connection with this redemption from the Trust Account. Following these redemptions, the Company had a total of 1,841,950
Class A ordinary shares outstanding. On June 21, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of 4,353,749 Class A ordinary shares to the Sponsor
upon the conversion of an equal number of Class B ordinary shares and an aggregate of 390,000 Class A ordinary shares to Norman Pearlstine,
Joel Motley, Matt Goldberg, Priscilla Han, Apollo Credit Strategies Master Fund Ltd. and other holders of the Company s Class B ordinary
shares upon the conversion of an equal number of Class B ordinary shares. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
the year ended December 31, 2023, we did not withdraw any other interest earned on the Trust Account. To the extent that our capital stock
or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the
Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue our growth strategies. 

In addition, in order to fund
working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, our sponsor or
an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required.
If we complete our initial Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released
to us. Otherwise, such loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that our initial Business Combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from our Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of
the post-business combination company, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. 

26 

On June 20, 2023, the Company
issued an unsecured convertible promissory note (the Promissory Note to the Sponsor for borrowings from time to time of
up to an aggregate of 1,500,000 which may be drawn by the Company to finance costs incurred in connection with a potential initial
business combination and for working capital purposes and/or to finance monthly deposits into the Trust Account for each public share
that is not redeemed in connection with the extension of the Company s termination date from September 7, 2023 to June 7, 2024.
On May 30, 2024, in connection with the extension of the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination from July 7,
2024, to December 7, 2024, the Promissory Note was amended to provide for payment on the earlier of the date on which the Company consummates
a Business Combination or December 7, 2024. The Promissory Note is interest bearing, at the applicable federal interest rate, compounded,
per annum, and is payable on the earlier of (i) December 7, 2024; (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination
or (iii) the Company liquidates the Trust Account upon the failure to consummate an initial business combination within the requisite
time period. Upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination, the Promissory Note may be converted, at the Sponsor s
discretion, into private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding principal balance including interest under the Promissory Note amounted
to an aggregate of 1,478,375 and 1,095,833, respectively. Interest expense amounted to 16,700 and 50,658 for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024. Interest expense amounted to 5,368 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

On August 3, 2023, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note to TNL Mediagene with a principal amount available of up to 400,000, which was later amended and
restated on July 15, 2024 to increase the aggregate principal amount available for drawdowns to up to 650,000 (as amended and restated,
the TNL Working Capital Note ). Borrowings under the TNL Working Capital Note are available on a monthly basis in increments
of at least 25,000 and no more than 32,000. The monthly borrowings will be available until the earlier of (i) December 7, 2024, (ii)
the date of consummation of the Merger, (iii) termination of the Merger Agreement and (iv) termination of the note by TNL Mediagene upon
thirty days written notice by the Company. The TNL Working Capital Note is a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note that will
not be repaid in the event that the Merger Agreement is terminated prior to consummation of the Business Combination. The TNL Working
Capital Note will be paid on the date on which the Company consummates the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The following
shall constitute an event of default under the TNL Working Capital Note: (i) a failure to pay the principal within five business days
of the maturity date and (ii) the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023 the outstanding principal balance under the TNL Working Capital Note amounted to an aggregate of 454,888 and 149,946, respectively. 

On
April 5, 2024, the Company entered into a promissory note with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company a
principal amount equal to 750,000 (the Sponsor Promissory Note ). The Sponsor Promissory Note is a non-interest bearing,
unsecured promissory note which may be drawn down by the Company from time to time to be used for costs and expenses related to the Company s
initial merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company
and one or more businesses or entities. Pursuant to the terms of the Sponsor Promissory Note, if the Business Combination is not consummated,
the Sponsor Promissory Note will be repaid solely to the extent that the Company has funds available to it outside of its Trust Account,
and that all other amounts will be contributed to capital, forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven or eliminated. The Sponsor Promissory
Note is subject to events of default, the occurrence of any of which automatically triggers the unpaid principal of the Sponsor Promissory
Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Sponsor Note becoming immediately due and payable. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding
principal balance under the Sponsor Promissory Note amounted to 704,225. 

Based on the foregoing, management believes that the Company will have sufficient borrowing capacity from TNL Mediagene, the Sponsor or
an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company's officers and directors to meet its needs through the consummation of the Merger
on or before December 7, 2024. 

FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation
of Financial Statements Going Concern requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern
within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. The Company has until December 7, 2024, to consummate a Business Combination.
It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by the specified period. If a Business Combination
is not consummated by December 7, 2024, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. 

The Company s evaluation
of its liquidity condition and the date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern through December 7, 2024. These condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to
continue as a going concern. 

27 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

On September 30, 2024, we
did not have any obligations, assets or liabilities that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii)
of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. 

Contractual Obligations 

Administrative Support Agreement 

On December 2, 2021, the Company
entered into an Administrative Support Agreement pursuant to which the Company may reimburse an affiliate of the Sponsor up to an amount
of 10,000 per month for office space and secretarial and administrative support. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Founder
Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans (and in each case
holders of their component securities, as applicable) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement
effective December 2, 2021, which requires the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only
after conversion to our Class A ordinary shares). The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a business combination and rights
to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the
expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriter s Agreement 

The Company paid a cash underwriting
discount of 2.00 of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, or 3,795,000 due to the exercise of the over-allotment option in full.
In addition, the underwriter will be entitled to a deferred fee of three and a half percent (3.50 of the gross proceeds of the Public
Offering, or 6,641,250. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in
the event that the Company completes a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The underwriter has reimbursed
the Company for 550,000 for offering expenses. The reimbursement of these costs has been accounted for as a reduction to offering costs
of the Public Offering. 

Consulting Agreements 

The Company and Mr. Leggett
entered into a consulting agreement on October 11, 2022, as amended July 31, 2023 (the Leggett Consulting Agreement ). Under
the Leggett Consulting Agreement, Mr. Leggett is entitled to 20,000 per month for certain services Mr. Leggett provides to the Company
and its affiliates. Mr. Leggett is separately entitled under the Leggett Consulting Agreement to a success bonus of 250,000 to be paid
within 10 business days of the close of the business combination, subject to a reduction by 17,500 for each month in which the Company
pays Mr. Leggett a consulting service fee under the Leggett Consulting Agreement. The Company and Mr. Lasov entered into a consulting
agreement on November 22, 2022, as amended July 31, 2023 (the Lasov Consulting Agreement ). Under the Lasov Consulting Agreement,
Mr. Lasov is entitled to 32,500 per month for certain services Mr. Lasov provides to the Company and its affiliates. Mr. Lasov is separately
entitled under the Lasov Consulting Agreement to a success bonus of 150,000 to be paid within 10 business days of the close of the business
combination, subject to a reduction by the amount of each consulting service fee paid to Mr. Lasov by the Company under the Lasov Consulting
Agreement. Mr. Leggett has agreed that as of April 1, 2024, he will reduce his monthly service fee under the Leggett Consulting Agreement
to 5,000. The Company recognized an aggregate expense of 112,500 and 382,500, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, which are included in General and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed statements of operations.
The Company recognized 157,500 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, which are included in General and administrative 
expenses in the accompanying condensed statements of operations. The aggregate amount due of 115,000 and 52,500 are included in Accounts
payable and accrued expenses on the accompanying condensed balance sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company is obligated to pay a success bonus of 77,500 to Mr. Leggett upon the consummation of a business
combination. The Company is no longer obligated to pay a success bonus to Mr. Lasov, as the amounts previously expensed under his agreement
has exceeded the bonus amount. 

28 

Critical Accounting Policies 

This management s discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our unaudited financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our unaudited financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our unaudited
financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial
instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that
we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. 

Warrant Liabilities 

The Company accounts for the
Warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the specific terms of the Warrants
and the applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480 and ASC 815. The assessment considers whether they are freestanding financial instruments
pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and meet all of the requirements for equity classification
under ASC 815, including whether the Warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares and whether the holders of the Warrants
could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions
for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of issuance of the
Warrants and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the Warrants are outstanding. For issued or modified warrants that
meet all of the criteria for equity classification, such warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital
at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, such warrants are
required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated
fair value of liability-classified warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statement of operations. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

Class A ordinary shares subject
to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class
A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or
subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature
certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 1,841,950 and 6,157,215, shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption,
respectively, are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s condensed balance
sheets. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share 

Basic income (loss) per ordinary
share is computed by dividing net income applicable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
during the period. Consistent with ASC 480, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, as well as their pro rata share of undistributed
trust earnings consistent with the two-class method, have been excluded from the calculation of income per ordinary share for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of trust earnings. Diluted
income per share includes the incremental number of ordinary shares to be issued to settle warrants, as calculated using the treasury
method. For the period from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024, the Company did not have any dilutive warrants, securities or other
contracts that could potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares. As a result, diluted income per ordinary share is the
same as basic income (loss) per ordinary share for all periods presented. 

29 

Recently Adopted Accounting Standard 

In August 2020 the FASB issued
ASU No. 2020-06 Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in
Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815 40) ASU 2020-06 ). ASU 2020-06 simplifies the accounting for certain financial
instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity, including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity s own equity.
The ASU is part of the FASB s simplification initiative, which aims to reduce unnecessary complexity in GAAP. The ASU s amendments
are effective for smaller reporting companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2024. The Company s management does not believe that the adoption of ASU 2020-06
had a material impact on the Company s unaudited condensed financial statements and disclosures. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the
Company s financial statements. 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS
Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying
public companies. Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised
financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the
requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected to irrevocably
opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates
for public or private companies, we will adopt the new or revised standard at the time public companies adopt the new or revised standard.
This may make comparison of our financial statements with another emerging growth company that has not opted out of using the extended
transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. 

Additionally, we are in the
process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain
conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company , we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not
be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public
companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing
additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive
compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the Chief Executive
Officer s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion
of our Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

30 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of the
end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 

As
previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, that was filed with the SEC on March 21, 2024, our management identified a
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting due to the fact that we did not have the necessary business
processes and related internal controls formally designed and implemented related to accrued expenses and accounts payable. As a
result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles including implementing the remediation activities as described below. A new
instance of an existing material weakness was identified during the period related to the classification of related party payables.
Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Form 10-Q present fairly in all material
respects our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the period presented. 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Historical Remediation
Activities 

As
previously disclosed in Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, management identified material
weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting related to accrued expenses and accounts payable. 

The
Company has performed the following remediation activities to confirm its accounts payable obligations: 

We confirmed that no member of management or advisor providing
services to the Company has unsubmitted or unreimbursed expenses or fees, and 

We confirmed that the Company was current with its payables
to its service providers. 

We
are committed to ensuring that our internal controls are designed and operating effectively. Management believes the efforts taken to
date and the planned remediation will improve the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. While these remediation
efforts are ongoing, the controls must also be operating effectively for a sufficient period of time and be tested by management in order
to consider them remediated and conclude that the controls are operating effectively to address the risks of material misstatement. 

Changes in Internal
Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Except
for the steps taken as part of the remediation activities described above, there have been no changes in our internal controls over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the nine months ended September 30,
2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

31 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not a party to any material legal proceedings
and no material legal proceedings have been threatened by us or, to the best of our knowledge, against us. 

Item 1A Risk Factors. 

Factors that could cause our business, prospects,
results of operations or financial condition to differ materially from the descriptions provided in this report include the risk factors
described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2024. In addition, the following risk factor could also have
such an effect. 

A 1 U.S. federal excise tax may decrease
the value of our securities following an initial business combination, or hinder our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

Pursuant to the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act ), commencing in 2023, a 1 U.S. federal excise tax is imposed on certain repurchases (including
redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign
corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation and not on its shareholders. The amount of the excise tax is equal
to 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. Although we are a Cayman Islands company, the excise tax may apply in connection with
redemptions or other repurchases that occur in connection with an initial business combination that involves our combination with a U.S.
entity and/or our domestication as a U.S. corporation (a Redemption Event ). In addition, because the excise tax would be
payable by us and not by the redeeming holders, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax remains to be determined. Any
excise tax payable by us in connection with a Redemption Event may cause a reduction in the cash available to us to complete an initial
business combination and could affect our ability to complete an initial business combination . 

The SEC has recently issued final rules
to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others
may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business
combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a business combination. 

On January 24, 2024,
the SEC issued final rules (the SPAC Rules relating to, among other things, disclosures in business combination transactions
between special purpose acquisition companies SPACs such as us and private operating companies; the condensed financial
statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; and the use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection
with proposed business combination transactions. The SPAC Rules became effective 125 days after their publication in the Federal
Register. In connection with the issuance of the SPAC Rules, the SEC also issued guidance (the SPAC Guidance regarding
the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions and the extent to which SPACs could become
subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended Investment Company Act based on certain
facts and circumstances such as duration, asset composition, sources of income, business purpose and activities of the SPAC and its management
team in furtherance of such goals. 

Certain of the procedures
that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rules, or pursuant
to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Guidance, may increase the costs and the time required to consummate a business combination,
and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a business combination. 

32 

If we were deemed to be an investment company
for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead
be required to liquidate and dissolve the Company. 

As described above, the SPAC
Guidance relates to, among other things, the circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company
Act and the regulations thereunder. Whether a SPAC is an investment company will be a question of facts and circumstances under the subjective
test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act. A specific duration period of a SPAC is not the sole determinant, but one
of the long-standing factors to consider in determination of a SPAC s status under the Investment Company Act. A SPAC could be deemed
as an investment company at any stage of its operation. The determination of a SPAC s status as an investment company includes analysis
of a SPAC s activities, depending upon the facts and circumstances, including but not limited to, the nature of SPAC assets and
income, the activities of a SPAC s officers, directors and employees, the duration of a SPAC, the manner a SPAC holding itself out
to investors, and the merging with an investment company. 

It is possible that a claim
could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company, including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of
the Investment Company Act, based on the current views of the SEC. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of
the Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required
to liquidate the Company. If we are required to liquidate the Company, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning
shares in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants following such
a transaction, and our warrants would expire worthless. 

In an effort to mitigate the
risk that we may be deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company under the Investment Company Act, we instructed
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government
securities held in the Trust Account in November 2023 and to thereafter hold all funds in the Trust Account in an interest bearing
demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our Business Combination or our liquidation. There can be no assurance
that this action will foreclose a judicial or regulatory finding, or an allegation, that the Company is an investment company. 

Termination of the Transactions could negatively impact Blue
Ocean. 

If the Transactions are not completed for any
reason, including as a result of our shareholders declining to approve the proposals required to effect the Transactions, our ongoing
business may be adversely impacted and, without realizing any of the anticipated benefits of completing the Transactions, we would be
subject to a number of risks, including the following: 

we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets,
including negative impacts on our share price (including to the extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that
the Transactions will be completed); 

we will have incurred substantial expenses and will be required
to pay certain costs relating to the Transactions, whether or not the Transactions are completed; and 

since the Merger Agreement restricts the conduct of our businesses
prior to completion of the Merger, we may not be able to take certain actions during the pendency of the Merger that would benefit us
as an independent company, and the opportunity to take such actions may no longer be available. 

33 

If the Transactions are terminated and our board
of directors seeks another business combination target, our shareholders cannot be certain that we will be able to find another acquisition
target that would constitute a business combination or that such other business combination will be completed. 

The Transactions may be more difficult,
costly, or time-consuming than expected, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the Transactions. 

To realize the anticipated
benefits from the Transactions, we must successfully integrate and combine our business with that of TNL Mediagene. If we are not able
to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the Transactions may not be realized fully or at all or may take
longer to realize than expected. In addition, the actual benefits of the Transactions could be less than anticipated, and integration
may result in additional unforeseen expenses. In addition, we and TNL Mediagene have operated and, until the completion of the Transactions,
must continue to operate, independently. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of one or more key employees,
the disruption of each company s ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies that adversely
affect each company s ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Transactions. Integration efforts between the companies
may also divert management attention and resources. These integration matters could have an adverse effect on the Company during this
transition period and for an undetermined period after completion of the Transactions. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

On
June 21, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of 4,353,749 Class A ordinary shares to the Sponsor upon the conversion of an equal number
of Class B ordinary shares and an aggregate of 390,000 Class A ordinary shares to Norman Pearlstine, Joel Motley, Matt Goldberg, Priscilla
Han, Apollo Credit Strategies Master Fund Ltd. and other holders of the Company s Class B ordinary shares upon the conversion of an equal
number of Class B ordinary shares. The Class A ordinary shares issued in connection with the Conversion are subject to the same restrictions
applicable to the Class B ordinary shares prior to the Conversion, including, among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver
of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. Following the Conversion, the Company had
a total of 6,585,699 Class A ordinary shares outstanding, of which 1,841,950 were redeemable Class A ordinary shares, and one Class B
ordinary share outstanding. 

Item 3. Default Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

. 

34 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (3) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 6, 2023, among The News Lens Co., Ltd., TNL Mediagene and Blue Ocean Acquisition Corp (5) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 29, 2024, among TNL Mediagene, Merger Sub and the Company (11) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 23, 2024 among TNL Mediagene, Merger Sub and the Company (12) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, among the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (3) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement dated December 2, 2021, among the Registrant, Blue Ocean Sponsor LLC, Apollo SPAC Fund I, L.P., and the Registrant s officers and directors (3) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement dated December 2, 2021, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (3) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, among the Registrant, Blue Ocean Sponsor LLC and certain other security holders named therein (3) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, between the Registrant and Blue Ocean Sponsor LLC (3) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, between the Company and each officer and/or director (3) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2021, between the Registrant and Blue Ocean Sponsor LLC (1) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Blue Ocean Sponsor LLC and Apollo SPAC Fund I, L.P. (1) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, between the Registrant and Blue Ocean Sponsor LLC (3) 

10.11 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2022, between the Registrant and Richard Leggett (4) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of June 20, 2023, between the Company and the Sponsor. (6) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Promissory Note, dated August 3, 2023 issued by Blue Ocean Acquisition Corp to The News Lens Co., Ltd. (7) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Amendment to Consulting Agreement between Blue Ocean Acquisition Corp and Richard Leggett, dated July 31, 2023 (7) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amendment to Consulting Agreement between Blue Ocean Acquisition Corp and Matt Lasov, dated July 31, 2023 (7) 

35 

10.16 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of April 5, 2024, between the Company and the Sponsor (8) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Amended Restated Promissory Note, dated as of July 15, 2024, between the Company and TNL Mediagene (9) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Amended Restated Promissory Note, dated as of May 30, 2024, between the Company and the Sponsor (10) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 
 
 (1) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 9, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 19, 2021. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 8, 2021. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 6, 2023. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 19, 2023. 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 4, 2023. 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 11, 2024. 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 19, 2024. 
 
 (10) 
 Incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 3, 2024. 
 
 (11) 
 Incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 31, 2024. 
 
 (12) 
 Incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 23, 2024. 

36 

PART III SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 21, 2024 
 BLUE OCEAN ACQUISITION CORP 

By: 
 /s/ Richard Leggett 

Name: 
 Richard Leggett 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Matt Lasov 

Name: 
 Matt Lasov 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022185701ex31-1_blueocean.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Richard Leggett, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Blue Ocean Acquisition Corp (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 

Date: November 21, 2024 
 /s/ Richard Leggett 

Richard Leggett 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022185701ex31-2_blueocean.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Matt Lasov, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Blue Ocean Acquisition Corp (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 

Date: November 21, 2024 
 /s/ Matt Lasov 

Matt Lasov 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022185701ex32-1_blueocean.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Blue Ocean Acquisition Corp (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard Leggett, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 21, 2024 
 /s/ Richard Leggett 

Name: 
 Richard Leggett 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022185701ex32-2_blueocean.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Blue Ocean Acquisition Corp (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Report ), I, Matt Lasov, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 21, 2024 
 /s/ Matt Lasov 

Matt Lasov 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bocn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bocn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bocn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bocn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bocn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

