<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_98362_0000098362-24-000132.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12146963</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>152898</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2602287</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4774095</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2307976</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2051988</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000098362-24-000132.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105165046
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000098362-24-000132
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TIMKEN CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000098362
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BALL & ROLLER BEARINGS [3562]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				340577130
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01169
		FILM NUMBER:		241428260

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 MT. PLEASANT ST. NW
		CITY:			NORTH CANTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44720-5450
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(234) 262-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 MT. PLEASANT ST. NW
		CITY:			NORTH CANTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44720-5450

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TIMKEN ROLLER BEARING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710304

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000098362-24-000132.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 tkr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

tkr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 THE MPANY 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 . 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common shares, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding at October 31, 2024 Common Shares, without par value shares 

Table of Contents 

 THE TIMKEN COMPANY 
 INDEX TO FORM 10-Q REPORT 
 PAGE I. PART I. 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 1 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 54 
 II. PART II. 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 55 
 Item1A. Risk Factors 
 55 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 55 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 56 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 THE TIMKEN COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Net sales Cost of products sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization of intangible assets Impairment and restructuring charges Gain on sale of real estate ) ) Operating Income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Non-service pension and other postretirement expense ) ) ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) Income Before Income Taxes Provision for income taxes Net Income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net Income Attributable to The Timken Company Net Income per Common Share Attributable to The Timken Company Common Shareholders Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Net Income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Pension and postretirement liability adjustments ) ) ) ) Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive income, net of tax Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to The Timken Company 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, less allowances (2024 million; 2023 million) 
 Unbilled receivables Inventories, net Deferred charges and prepaid expenses Other current assets Total Current Assets Property, Plant and Equipment, net Other Assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Operating lease assets Deferred income taxes Other non-current assets Total Other Assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable, trade Short-term debt, including current portion of long-term debt Salaries, wages and benefits Income taxes payable Other current liabilities Total Current Liabilities Non-Current Liabilities Long-term debt Accrued pension benefits Accrued postretirement benefits Long-term operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Other non-current liabilities Total Non-Current Liabilities Shareholders Equity Class I and II Serial Preferred Stock, without par value: Authorized shares each class, issued 
 Common shares, without par value: Authorized shares 
 Issued (including shares in treasury) (2024 shares; 
 2023 shares) 
 Stated capital Other paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury shares at cost (2024 shares; 2023 shares) 
 ) ) Total Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) CASH PROVIDED (USED) Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment charges Gain on sale of assets ) Gain on divestitures ) Deferred income tax (benefit) provision ) Stock-based compensation expense Pension and other postretirement expense Pension and other postretirement benefit contributions and payments ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Unbilled receivables ) ) Inventories ) Accounts payable, trade ) ) Other accrued expenses ) Income taxes ) ) Other, net ) ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment Proceeds from divestitures, net of cash divested Investments in short-term marketable securities, net ) Other, net ) ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) Financing Activities Cash dividends paid to shareholders ) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payments related to tax withholding for stock-based compensation ) ) Borrowings on accounts receivable facility Payments on accounts receivable facility ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt Payments on long-term debt ) ) Deferred financing costs ) ) Short-term debt activity, net ) Noncontrolling interest dividends paid ) ) Proceeds from the sale of shares in Timken India Limited Other ) Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) (Decrease) Increase in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at End of Period 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 

4 

Table of Contents 

 of the capital stock of CGI, Inc. ("CGI"), a Nevada-based manufacturer of precision drive systems serving a broad range of automation markets with a concentration in medical robotics. CGI employs approximately people and has its headquarters and manufacturing facilities in Carson City, Nevada. The acquisition of CGI enhances the Company's product portfolio. The total purchase price for this acquisition was million, net of cash acquired of million, subject to customary post-closing adjustments. Results for CGI are reported in the Industrial Motion segment. The Company incurred acquisition-related costs of million to complete this acquisition. 
 Inventories Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Operating lease assets Goodwill Other intangible assets Other non-current assets Total assets acquired Liabilities: Accounts payable, trade Salaries, wages and benefits Other current liabilities Deferred income taxes Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 years Technology and know-how years Customer relationships years Total intangible assets 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 acquisitions, which enhanced the Company's capabilities and product portfolio. On December 20, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of of the capital stock of Lagersmit Holding B.V. ("Lagersmit"), a Netherlands-based manufacturer of highly engineered sealing solutions for marine, dredging, water, tidal energy and other industrial applications. On November 1, 2023, the Company acquired Engineered Solutions Group ("iMECH"). The Company acquired of the capital stock in the United States and substantially all of the assets in Canada. iMECH manufactures thrust bearings, radial bearings, specialty coatings and other components primarily used in the energy industry. iMECH has facilities in Houston, Texas and Alberta, Canada. On September 29, 2023, the Company acquired of the capital stock of Rosa Sistemi S.p.A. ("Rosa"), a European designer and manufacturer of roller guideways, linear bearings, customized linear systems and actuators, commercialized ball guideways and precision ball screws. Rosa has its headquarters, R D and high-precision manufacturing facility in Milan, Italy. On September 1, 2023, the Company acquired of the capital stock of D-C Filtration Holdings Corp. ("Des-Case"), a Tennessee-based manufacturer of specialty filtration products for industrial lubricants. Des-Case has manufacturing facilities in Tennessee and the Netherlands. On April 4, 2023, the Company acquired of the capital stock of Leonardo Top S.a.r.l. ("Nadella"), a leading European manufacturer of linear guides, telescopic rails, actuators and systems and other specialized industrial motion solutions. Based in Italy, Nadella operates manufacturing facilities in Europe and China. On January 31, 2023, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of American Roller Bearing Company ("ARB"), a North Carolina-based manufacturer of industrial bearings. ARB, which boasts a large U.S. installed base and strong aftermarket business, operates manufacturing facilities in Hiddenite and Morganton, North Carolina. The total purchase price for these acquisitions was million (including working capital adjustments paid in 2024), net of cash acquired of million. Results for Lagersmit, Rosa, Des-Case and Nadella are reported in the Industrial Motion segment, and results for iMECH and ARB are reported in the Engineered Bearings segment. The Company incurred acquisition-related costs of million in total to complete these acquisitions in 2023. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 ) Inventories Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Operating lease assets ) Goodwill Other intangible assets ) Other non-current assets ) Total assets acquired ) Liabilities: Accounts payable, trade Salaries, wages and benefits ) Income taxes payable Other current liabilities ) Short-term debt Long-term debt Accrued pension benefits Long-term operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes ) Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities assumed ) Noncontrolling interest acquired Net assets acquired 
 years Technology and know-how years Customer relationships years Non-compete agreements years Capitalized software years Total intangible assets 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The impairment charge is included in the impairment and restructuring line on the Consolidated Statement of Income. The sale of TWB was completed on October 16, 2023. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company completed the sale of all of its membership interest in S.E. Setco Services Company, LLC ("SE Setco"), a owned joint venture. The Company had accounted for SE Setco as an equity method investment prior to the sale. The Company received million in cash proceeds for SE Setco and recognized a pretax gain of million on the sale. The gain was reflected in other income, net in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 Sale of Other Assets: 
 million in cash proceeds for the Gaffney plant and recognized a pretax gain of million on the sale. The gain was reflected in gain on sale of real estate in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Industrial Motion Net sales Segment EBITDA: Engineered Bearings Industrial Motion Total EBITDA, for reportable segments Unallocated corporate expense ) ) ) ) Corporate pension and other postretirement 
 benefit related (expense) income (1) 
 ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Income before income taxes 
 (1) Corporate pension and other postretirement benefit related income represents actuarial (losses) and gains that resulted from the remeasurement of pension and other postretirement plan assets and obligations as a result of changes in assumptions or experience. 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total Assets by Segment: Engineered Bearings Industrial Motion Corporate (2) 
 
 (2) Corporate assets include corporate buildings and cash and cash equivalents. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Americas excluding the United States Europe / Middle East / Africa China Asia-Pacific excluding China Net sales Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Engineered Bearings Industrial Motion Total Engineered Bearings Industrial Motion Total United States Americas excluding the United States Europe / Middle East / Africa China Asia-Pacific excluding China Net sales 
 
 When reviewing revenue by sales channel, the Company separates net sales to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") from sales to distributors and end users. The following table presents the approximate percent of revenue by sales channel for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended Revenue by sales channel September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Original equipment manufacturers Distribution/end users 
 In addition to disaggregating revenue by segment, geography and by sales channel as shown above, the Company believes information about the timing of transfer of goods or services and type of customer is also relevant. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, approximately and , respectively, of total net sales were recognized over-time because of the continuous transfer of control to the customer, with the remainder recognized as of a point in time. Finally, business with the United States ("U.S.") government or its contractors represented approximately of total net sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations: 
 Remaining performance obligations represent the transaction price of orders meeting the definition of a contract for which work has not been performed and excludes unexercised contract options. Performance obligations having a duration of more than one year are concentrated in contracts for certain products and services provided to the U.S. government or its contractors. The aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for such contracts with a duration of more than one year was approximately million at September 30, 2024. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Additional unbilled revenue recognized Less: amounts billed to customers ) ) Ending balance 
 There were impairment losses recorded on unbilled receivables for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Deferred Revenue: 
 Acquisitions Revenue received or billed in advance of recognition Less: revenue recognized ) ) Ending balance 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Effective tax rate 
 Income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was calculated using forecasted multi-jurisdictional annual effective tax rates to determine a blended annual effective tax rate. The effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 due to the actual and projected mix of earnings in non-U.S. jurisdictions with relatively higher tax rates, U.S. state and local income taxes, and other permanent differences (net). 
 
 The effective tax rate of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, was lower than the effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily due to the net favorable impact of discrete items versus the year ago periods. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Denominator: Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options and awards - based on the treasury stock method Weighted average number of shares outstanding assuming dilution of stock options and awards Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 The dilutive effect of performance-based restricted stock units is taken into account once they have met minimum performance thresholds. The dilutive effect of stock options includes all outstanding stock options except stock options that are considered antidilutive. Stock options are antidilutive when the exercise price exceeds the average market price of the Company s common shares during the periods presented. There were antidilutive stock options outstanding during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Raw materials Work in process Finished products Subtotal Allowance for obsolete and surplus inventory ) ) Total inventories, net 
 Inventories are valued at net realizable value, with approximately valued on the first-in, first-out ("FIFO") method and the remaining valued on the last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method. The majority of the Company's U.S. inventories are valued on the LIFO method. The Company's non-U.S. inventories are valued on the FIFO method. 
 The LIFO reserves as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were million and million, respectively. An actual valuation of the inventory under the LIFO method can be made only at the end of each year based on the inventory levels and costs at that time. Accordingly, interim LIFO calculations are based on current inventory levels and costs. Because these calculations are subject to many factors beyond management s control, annual results may differ from interim results as they are subject to the final year-end LIFO inventory valuation. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 reporting unit and the Industrial Motion segment has reporting units. 
 During the first three months of 2023, the Company reviewed goodwill for impairment for its reporting units due to the change in reporting segments that went into effect January 1, 2023. The Company utilized both an income approach and a market approach in testing goodwill for impairment. The Company utilized updated forecasts for the income approach as part of the goodwill impairment review. Based on the earnings and cash flow forecasts for the Belts Chain reporting unit within the Industrial Motion segment, the Company determined that the reporting unit could not support the carrying value of its goodwill. As a result, the Company recorded a pretax impairment loss of million during the first three months of 2023, which was reported in impairment and restructuring charges on the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 
 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation adjustments and other changes Ending balance 
 The acquisition of CGI added goodwill of million in 2024. Goodwill arising from this acquisition is attributed to the expected synergies, including future cost savings, and other benefits expected to be generated by combining the companies. The goodwill related to CGI is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 ) ) Technology and know-how ) ) Trade names ) ) Capitalized software ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization: Trade names FAA air agency certificates Total intangible assets ) ) 
 million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense for intangible assets is projected to be approximately million in 2024; million in 2025; million in 2026; million in 2027; and million in 2028. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Interest Taxes other than income and payroll taxes Product warranty Freight and duties Professional fees Current derivative liability Restructuring Other Total other current liabilities 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Borrowings under lines of credit for certain of the Company s foreign subsidiaries with various banks with interest rates ranging from to at September 30, 2024 and to at December 31, 2023 
 Short-term debt 
 On August 16, 2023, the Company entered into a million variable-rate term loan ("2024 Term Loan"), maturing on August 16, 2024. The Company repaid the 2024 Term Loan during the second quarter of 2024. 
 Lines of credit for certain of the Company's foreign subsidiaries provide for short-term borrowings. Most of these lines of credit are uncommitted. At September 30, 2024, the Company s foreign subsidiaries had borrowings outstanding of million and bank guarantees of million. 
 and Euro of at December 31, 2023 
 Variable-rate Accounts Receivable Facility with an interest rate of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 
 Variable-rate Term Loan (1) , maturing on December 5, 2027, with an interest rate of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 
 Fixed-rate Senior Unsecured Notes (1) , originally due to mature on September 1, 2024; redeemed on June 24, 2024. 
 Fixed-rate Euro Senior Unsecured Notes (1) , maturing on September 7, 2027, with an interest rate of 
 Fixed-rate Euro Senior Unsecured Notes (1) , maturing on May 23, 2034, with an interest rate of 
 Fixed-rate Senior Unsecured Notes (1) , maturing on December 15, 2028, with an interest rate of 
 Fixed-rate Medium-Term Notes, Series A (1) , maturing at various dates through May 2028, with interest rates ranging from to 
 Fixed-rate Senior Unsecured Notes (1) , maturing on April 1, 2032, with an interest rate of 
 Fixed-rate Euro Bank Loan, maturing on June 30, 2033, with an interest rate of 
 Other Total debt Less: current maturities Long-term debt 

16 

Table of Contents 

 million Amended and Restated Asset Securitization Agreement (the "Accounts Receivable Facility"), which matures on November 30, 2026. Under the terms of the Accounts Receivable Facility, the Company sells, on an ongoing basis, certain domestic trade receivables to Timken Receivables Corporation, a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary that, in turn, uses the trade receivables to secure borrowings that are funded through a vehicle that issues commercial paper in the short-term market. Borrowings under the Accounts Receivable Facility may be limited by certain borrowing base limitations; however, availability under the Accounts Receivable Facility was not reduced by any such borrowing base limitations at September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, there were million outstanding borrowings under the Accounts Receivable Facility, which reduced the availability under this facility to million. The cost of this facility, which is the prevailing commercial paper rate plus facility fees, is considered a financing cost and is included in interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 On December 5, 2022, the Company entered into the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ("Credit Agreement"), which is comprised of a million unsecured revolving credit facility ("Senior Credit Facility") and a million unsecured term loan facility ("2027 Term Loan") that each mature on December 5, 2027. The interest rates under the Credit Agreement are based on Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). At September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility. The Credit Agreement has financial covenants: a consolidated net leverage ratio and a consolidated interest coverage ratio. 
 On May 23, 2024, the Company issued fixed-rate unsecured senior notes ("2034 Notes") in the aggregate principal amount of million with an interest rate of , maturing on May 23, 2034. Proceeds from the 2034 Notes were used for the redemption of the Company's outstanding fixed-rate unsecured senior notes ("2024 Notes") in the aggregate principal amount of million, that were due to mature on September 1, 2024, as well as the repayment of other debt outstanding at the time of issuance. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company was in full compliance with all applicable covenants on its outstanding debt. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company utilizes standby letters of credit issued by financial institutions to guarantee certain obligations, most of which relate to certain insurance contracts and indirect taxes. At September 30, 2024, outstanding letters of credit totaled million, most with expiration dates within 12 months. 
 million of finance leases) subsequent to September 30, 2024 are as follows: 
 Year 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter 
 The table above excludes million of unamortized discounts and fees that are netted against long-term debt at September 30, 2024. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 different financial institutions where suppliers may receive early payment from the financial institutions on invoices issued to the Company. The Company and each financial institution entered into arrangements whereby the Company pays the financial institution per the terms of any supplier invoice paid early under the program and pays an annual fee for the supplier finance platform subscription and related support. The Company or the financial institutions may terminate participation in the program with days written notice. The supplier finance programs are unsecured and are not guaranteed by the Company. The financial institutions enter into separate arrangements with suppliers directly to participate in the program. The Company does not determine the terms or conditions of such arrangements or participate in the transactions between the suppliers and the financial institutions. The supplier invoice terms under the program typically require payment in full within days of the invoice date. 
 Invoices confirmed Confirmed invoices paid ) ) Confirmed obligations outstanding, ending balance 
 The obligations outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were included in accounts payable, trade on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

million and million for various known environmental matters that are probable and reasonably estimable at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which includes the Lovejoy matter described above. These accruals were recorded based upon the best estimate of costs to be incurred considering the progress made in determining the magnitude of remediation costs, the timing and extent of remedial actions required by governmental authorities and the amount of the Company s liability in proportion to other responsible parties. The ultimate resolution of these matters could result in actual costs that exceed amounts accrued. 

18 

Table of Contents 

million. The order relates to the closure of TIL s retirement trust for employees and subsequent transfer of trust assets to the government-administered Employees Provident Fund Organization ("EFPO"). The order alleges that the surrender of trust assets did not follow applicable EFPO timing guidelines. TIL believes it fully complied with EFPO requirements and guidelines under the circumstances. TIL is disputing the merits of the order and has filed an appeal with the high court in India having jurisdiction over the matter. Management believes that relief will be provided to TIL once the matter is fully adjudicated; accordingly, no liability has been recorded. While no assurance can be given as to the ultimate outcome of this matter, the Company does not believe that the final resolution will have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or liquidity; however, the effect of any future outcome may be material to the results of operations of any particular period in which costs, if any, are recognized. 
 
 Product Warranties: 
 In addition to the contingencies above, the Company provides limited warranties on certain of its products. The product warranty liability included in "Other current liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The balances at the end of each respective period represent the best estimates of costs for existing and future claims for products that are still under warranty. The liability primarily relates to accruals for products sold into the automotive and wind energy sectors. Accrual estimates are based on actual claims and expected trends that continue to mature. In addition, the Company continues to evaluate claims raised by certain customers with respect to the performance of bearings sold into the wind energy and automotive sectors. Management believes that the outcome of these claims will not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial position; however, the effect of a change in our assessment may be material to the results of operations of any particular period in which such change occurs. 
 Expense Payments ) ) Ending balance 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Pension and other postretirement liability 
 adjustments (net of income tax benefit 
 of million) 
 ) ) Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments, net of reclassifications ) ) Dividends declared to noncontrolling interest ) ) Dividends - per share 
 ) ) Sale of shares of Timken India Limited ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Stock purchased at fair market value ) ) Stock option exercise activity Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 The Timken Company Shareholders Total Stated Capital Other Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Non controlling Interest Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement liability 
 adjustments (net of income tax benefit 
 of million) 
 ) ) Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments, net of reclassifications ) ) Dividends - per share 
 ) ) Dividends declared to noncontrolling interest ) ) Sale of shares of Timken India Limited Noncontrolling interest acquired Stock-based compensation expense Stock purchased at fair market value ) ) Stock option exercise activity Payments related to tax withholding for stock-based compensation ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 On May 28, 2024, the Company completed the sale of million shares of TIL, generating net proceeds of million after income taxes of million and transaction costs. The sale reduced the Company s ownership in TIL from percent to percent. The India market remains strategically important to Timken, and the Company is currently not planning any further sale transactions. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement liability 
 adjustments (net of income tax benefit of 
 million) 
 ) ) Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments, net of reclassifications Dividends declared to noncontrolling interest ) ) Dividends - per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Stock purchased at fair market value ) ) Stock option exercise activity Payments related to tax withholding for stock-based compensation ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The Timken Company Shareholders Total Stated Capital Other Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Non controlling Interest Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement liability 
 adjustments (net of income tax benefit 
 of million) 
 ) ) Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments, net of reclassifications Dividends declared to noncontrolling interest ) ) Dividends - per share 
 ) ) Sale of shares of Timken India Limited Stock-based compensation expense Stock purchased at fair market value ) ) Stock option exercise activity Payments related to tax withholding for stock-based compensation ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 On June 20, 2023, the Company completed the sale of million shares of TIL, generating net proceeds of million after income taxes of million and transaction costs. The sale reduced the Company s ownership in TIL from percent to percent. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Severance and related benefit costs Exit costs Total 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Engineered Bearings Industrial Motion Total Impairment charges Severance and related benefit costs Exit costs Total 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Engineered Bearings Industrial Motion Total Impairment charges Severance and related benefit costs Exit costs Total 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Engineered Bearings Industrial Motion Total Impairment charges Severance and related benefit costs Exit costs Total 
 The following discussion explains the more significant impairment and restructuring charges recorded for the periods presented; however, it is not intended to reflect a comprehensive discussion of all amounts included in the tables above. 
 
 Engineered Bearings: 
 On January 16, 2023, the Company announced the closure of its bearing plant in Gaffney, South Carolina. The Company has transferred its remaining operations to other bearing manufacturing facilities. The facility ceased operations at the end of the fourth quarter of 2023, which affected approximately employees. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded exit costs of million, related to this closure. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded severance and related benefits of million and million, respectively, related to this closure. The Company has incurred cumulative pretax costs related to this closure of million as of September 30, 2024, including rationalization costs recorded in cost of products sold. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded impairment charges of million related to certain engineering-related assets used in the business. Management concluded no further investment would be made in these assets and as a result, reduced the value to zero. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million related to certain assets of its joint venture in Russia. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company classified TWB as assets held for sale and recorded impairment charges of million. The Company completed the sale of TWB on October 16, 2023. 
 
 Industrial Motion: 
 On November 30, 2023, the Company announced the closure of its belts manufacturing facility in Fort Scott, Kansas. The Company expects to transfer its operations to other belts manufacturing facilities. The closure of this facility is expected to occur by the end of the second quarter of 2025 and is expected to affect approximately employees. The Company expects to incur approximately million to million of pretax costs in total related to this closure. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded severance and related benefits of million and million, respectively, related to this closure. The Company has incurred cumulative pretax costs related to this closure of million as of September 30, 2024, including rationalization costs recorded in cost of products sold. 
 Effective January 1, 2023, the Company began operating under new reportable segments, Engineered Bearings and Industrial Motion. In conjunction with this change in segmented results, the Company reallocated its goodwill to new reporting units under these segments. In addition, the Company was required to review goodwill for impairment under these new reporting units. As a result of this goodwill impairment review, the Company recognized a pretax goodwill impairment loss of million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. 
 In addition, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded severance and related benefits of million and million, respectively, related to one of its automatic lubrication systems facilities in Europe. 
 Consolidated Restructuring Accrual: 
 Expense Payments ) ) Ending balance 
 The restructuring accrual at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was included in other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Recognition of net actuarial losses Net periodic benefit cost (credit) 
 U.S. Plans International Plans Total Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Components of net periodic benefit cost (credit): Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Recognition of net actuarial gains ) ) Net periodic benefit cost (credit) 
 million and a gain of million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , respectively. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit credit ) ) ) ) 
 25 

Table of Contents ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications and income taxes ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit Net current period other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) ) Noncontrolling interest Net current period other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes and noncontrolling interest ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments Pension and other postretirement liability adjustments Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments Total Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Sale of shares of Timken India Limited Other comprehensive loss (income) before reclassifications and income taxes ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit Net current period other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest Net current period other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes, noncontrolling interest and sale of shares of Timken India Limited ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments at September 30, 2024 included cumulative losses of million related to net investment hedges. Refer to Note 20 - Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities for additional information on the net investment hedges. 

26 

Table of Contents 
 ) Other comprehensive loss (income) before reclassifications and income taxes ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income before income taxes ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income taxes ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income taxes and noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments Pension and other postretirement liability adjustments Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments Total Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Sale of shares of Timken India Limited Other comprehensive loss (income) before reclassifications and income taxes ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income before income taxes ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income taxes ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income taxes, noncontrolling interest and sale of shares of Timken India Limited ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications and income taxes includes the effect of foreign currency. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Cash and cash equivalents measured at net asset value Restricted cash Short-term investments Foreign currency forward contracts Total assets Liabilities: Foreign currency forward contracts Total liabilities 
 December 31, 2023 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents measured at net asset value Restricted cash Short-term investments Foreign currency forward contracts Total assets Liabilities: Foreign currency forward contracts Total liabilities 
 Cash and cash equivalents include highly liquid investments with maturities of 90 days or less when purchased that are valued at redemption value. Short-term investments are investments with maturities between 91 days and one year, and generally are valued at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. A portion of the cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments are valued based on net asset value. The Company uses publicly available foreign currency forward and spot rates to measure the fair value of its foreign currency forward contracts. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 million, were written down to their fair value of , resulting in an impairment charge of million. The fair value for these assets was determined based on an estimate of the best price that would be received in a current transaction to sell the assets to a third party less the cost to sell the assets. 
 No other material assets were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Financial Instruments: 
 The Company s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable, trade accounts payable, short-term borrowings and long-term debt. Due to their short-term nature, the carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable, trade accounts payable and short-term borrowings are a reasonable estimate of their fair value. Due to the nature of fair value calculations for variable-rate debt, the carrying value of the Company's long-term variable-rate debt is a reasonable estimate of its fair value. The fair value of the Company s long-term fixed-rate debt, based on Level 2 inputs (quoted market prices), was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The carrying value of this debt was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The difference between fair value and carrying value primarily reflects the net impact of changes in prevailing interest rates and credit spreads since the fixed-rate debt was issued. 
 The Company does not believe it has significant concentrations of risk associated with the counterparties to its financial instruments. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 million and million to accumulated comprehensive (loss) income, respectively. 
 On September 15, 2020, the Company designated million of its million fixed-rate senior unsecured notes, maturing on September 7, 2027, as a hedge against its net investment in one of its European subsidiaries. The objective of the hedge transaction is to protect the net investment in the foreign operations against changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Euro. The net impact for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was a loss of million and million to accumulated comprehensive (loss) income, respectively. 
 The Company does not purchase or hold any derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, of outstanding foreign currency forward contracts at notional value. Refer to Note 19 - Fair Value for the fair value disclosure of derivative financial instruments. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedging Strategy: 
 For certain derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges (i.e., hedging the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that is attributable to a particular risk), the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings in the same line item associated with the forecasted transaction and in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. 
 To protect against a reduction in the value of forecasted foreign currency cash flows resulting from export sales, the Company has instituted a foreign currency cash flow hedging program. The Company hedges portions of its forecasted cash flows denominated in certain foreign currencies with forward contracts. When the dollar strengthens significantly against these foreign currencies, the decline in the present value of future foreign currency revenue is offset by gains in the fair value of the forward contracts designated as hedges. Conversely, when the dollar weakens, the increase in the present value of future foreign currency cash flows is offset by losses in the fair value of the forward contracts. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, of outstanding foreign currency forward contracts at notional value that were classified as cash flow hedges. 
 The maximum length of time over which the Company hedges its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for forecast transactions is generally or less. 

30 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of outstanding foreign currency forward contracts at notional value that were not designated as hedging instruments. 
 ) ) 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 

OVERVIEW 
 
 Introduction: 
 The Timken Company designs and manufactures a growing portfolio of engineered bearings and industrial motion products, and related services. With more than a century of knowledge and innovation, the Company continuously improves the reliability and efficiency of global machinery and equipment to move the world forward. The Company s growing product and services portfolio features many strong industrial brands, such as Timken , GGB , Philadelphia Gear , Cone Drive , Rollon , Nadella , Diamond , Drives , Groeneveld , BEKA , Des-Case , Lovejoy , Lagersmit and CGI. Timken employs more than 19,000 people globally in 45 countries. The Company operates under two reportable segments: (1) Engineered Bearings and (2) Industrial Motion. The following further describes these business segments: 
 Timken s Engineered Bearings segment features a broad range of product designs serving original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and end-users worldwide. Timken is a leading authority on tapered roller bearings and leverages its position by applying engineering know-how and technology across its entire bearing portfolio, which includes tapered, spherical and cylindrical roller bearings; plain bearings, metal-polymer bearings and rod end bearings; thrust and specialty ball bearings; and housed or mounted bearings. The Engineered Bearings portfolio features the Timken , GGB and Fafnir brands and serves customers across global industries, including wind energy, agriculture, construction, food and beverage, metals and mining, automotive and truck, aerospace, rail and more. 
 Timken s Industrial Motion segment includes a diverse and growing portfolio of engineered products, including industrial drives, automatic lubrication systems, linear motion products and systems, chains, belts, couplings, filtration systems and industrial clutches and brakes that keep systems running efficiently. Industrial Motion also includes industrial drivetrain services, which return equipment to like-new condition. The Industrial Motion portfolio features many strong brands, including Philadelphia Gear , Cone Drive , Spinea , Rollon , Nadella , Groeneveld , BEKA , Des-Case , Diamond , Drives , Timken Belts, Lovejoy , PT Tech , Lagersmit and CGI. Industrial Motion products are used across a broad range of industries, including solar energy, automation, construction, agriculture and turf, passenger rail, marine, aerospace, packaging and logistics, medical and more. 
 Timken creates value by understanding customer needs and applying its know-how to serve a broad range of customers in attractive markets and industries across the globe. The Company s business strengths include its product technology, end-market diversity, geographic reach and aftermarket mix. Timken collaborates with OEMs to improve equipment efficiency with its engineered products and captures subsequent equipment replacement cycles by selling largely through independent channels in the aftermarket. Timken focuses its international efforts and footprint in regions of the world where strong macroeconomic factors such as urbanization, infrastructure development and sustainability create demand for its products and services. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 The Company's strategy has three primary elements: 
 Profitable Growth. The Company intends to expand into new and existing markets by leveraging its collective knowledge of materials science, friction management and power transmission to create value for Timken customers. Using a highly collaborative technical selling approach, the Company places particular emphasis on creating unique solutions for challenging and/or demanding applications. The Company intends to grow in attractive market sectors around the world, emphasizing those spaces that are highly fragmented, demand high service and value the reliability and efficiency offered by Timken products. The Company also targets applications that offer significant aftermarket demand, thereby providing product and services revenue throughout the equipment s lifetime. 
 Operational Excellence. Timken operates with a relentless drive for exceptional results and a passion for superior execution. The Company embraces a continuous improvement culture that is charged with increasing efficiency, lowering costs, eliminating waste, encouraging organizational agility and building greater brand equity to fuel growth. This requires the Company s ongoing commitment to attract, retain and develop the best talent across the world. 
 Capital Deployment to Drive Shareholder Value. The Company is focused on providing the highest returns for shareholders through its capital allocation framework, which includes: (1) investing in the core business through capital expenditures, research and development and initiatives to drive profitable organic growth; (2) pursuing strategic acquisitions to broaden its portfolio and capabilities across diverse markets, with a focus on engineered bearings, adjacent industrial motion products and related services; (3) returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases; and (4) maintaining a strong balance sheet and sufficient liquidity to run the business. As part of this framework, the Company may also restructure, reposition or divest underperforming product lines or assets. 
 The following items highlight some of the Company's more significant strategic accomplishments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 On September 9, 2024, the Company acquired CGI, a Nevada-based manufacturer of precision drive systems serving a broad range of automation markets with a concentration in medical robotics. CGI employs approximately 130 people and has its headquarters and manufacturing facilities in Carson City, Nevada. CGI will further Timken's strategy to expand and scale its leading industrial motion product portfolio. 
 The Company paid its 409 th consecutive quarterly dividend in the third quarter. During the second quarter, Timken increased its quarterly dividend by 3 . The Company also repurchased 0.4 million common shares during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Overview: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 1,126.8 1,142.7 (15.9) (1.4) Net income 87.6 90.9 (3.3) (3.6) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 5.8 3.0 2.8 93.3 Net income attributable to The Timken Company 81.8 87.9 (6.1) (6.9) Diluted earnings per share 1.16 1.23 (0.07) (5.7) Average number of shares diluted 70,663,741 71,535,609 (1.2) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 3,499.4 3,677.8 (178.4) (4.9) Net income 300.2 346.1 (45.9) (13.3) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 18.7 10.7 8.0 74.8 Net income attributable to The Timken Company 281.5 335.4 (53.9) (16.1) Diluted earnings per share 3.98 4.63 (0.65) (14.0) Average number of shares diluted 70,793,086 72,456,849 (2.3) 
 Net sales decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by lower organic demand in China and Europe, and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes, partially offset by the benefit of acquisitions (net of divestitures) and favorable pricing. 
 Net income decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the impact of lower volume, higher logistics costs, the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes, and higher selling, general, and administrative (SG A) costs, partially offset by the gain on the sale of a former bearing manufacturing plant, favorable price/mix, lower impairment and restructuring charges and the benefit of acquisitions (net of divestitures). Net income decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the impact of lower volume, the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes, and higher interest expense, partially offset by favorable price/mix, lower impairment charges, the benefit of acquisitions (net of divestitures), the gain on the sale of a former bearing manufacturing plant, and lower manufacturing and SG A costs. 
 
 Outlook: 
 The Company expects 2024 full-year revenue to be down approximately 4 compared to 2023, driven by lower demand and unfavorable currency impact, partially offset by the favorable impact from acquisitions (net of divestitures) and favorable pricing. The Company's net earnings are expected to be down in 2024 compared with 2023, primarily due to the impact of lower sales volume, higher operating costs, higher interest expense and a higher income tax rate, partially offset by favorable price/mix, lower impairment and pension remeasurement charges, and the benefit of acquisitions (net of divestitures). 
 The Company expects to generate a lower amount of cash from operating activities in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to lower expected net income. The Company expects capital expenditures to remain flat in 2024 compared to 2023, and relatively in line with 2023 spending as a percentage of sales (4.0 ). 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 THE STATEMENT OF INCOME 
 
 Operating Income: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 1,126.8 1,142.7 (15.9) (1.4 Cost of products sold 782.4 787.1 (4.7) (0.6 Selling, general and administrative expenses 189.7 179.6 10.1 5.6 Amortization of intangible assets 19.7 17.5 2.2 12.6 Impairment and restructuring charges 2.5 8.9 (6.4) (71.9 Gain on sale of real estate (13.8) (13.8) NM Operating income 146.3 149.6 (3.3) (2.2 Operating income to net sales 13.0 13.1 (10) bps 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 3,499.4 3,677.8 (178.4) (4.9 Cost of products sold 2,383.8 2,500.0 (116.2) (4.6 Selling, general and administrative expenses 564.5 551.3 13.2 2.4 Amortization of intangible assets 58.7 48.3 10.4 21.5 Impairment and restructuring charges 8.1 40.3 (32.2) (79.9 Gain on sale of real estate (13.8) (13.8) NM Operating income 498.1 537.9 (39.8) (7.4 Operating income to net sales 14.2 14.6 (40) bps 
 Net sales decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was driven by lower organic revenue of 33 million and 247 million, respectively (lower volume partially offset by favorable pricing) and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes of 3 million and 23 million, respectively, partially offset by the favorable impact of acquisitions (net of divestitures) of 21 million and 92 million, respectively. The lower demand in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was experienced across both the Engineered Bearings and Industrial Motion segments. 
 Operating income decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to the unfavorable impact of lower sales net of cost of products sold, higher SG A expenses, and increased amortization expense, offset partially by the gain on the sale of a former bearing manufacturing plant and lower impairment and restructuring charges. Operating income decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to the unfavorable impact of lower sales net of cost of products sold, higher SG A expenses, and increased amortization expense, partially offset by lower impairment and restructuring charges and the gain on the sale of a former bearing manufacturing plant. 
 Cost of products sold decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to the impact of lower volume of 20 million, partially offset by higher net material and logistics costs of 8 million and the incremental cost of goods sold from acquisitions (net of divestitures) of 6 million. Cost of products sold decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to the impact of lower volume of 138 million, the impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes of 16 million, partially offset by the incremental cost of goods sold from acquisitions (net of divestitures) of 40 million and unfavorable net material and logistics costs of 4 million. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 SG A expenses increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the impact of acquisitions and bad debt expense. SG A expenses increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the impact of acquisitions and bad debt expense, partially offset by the reduced discretionary spending to align with the lower demand levels, and reduced compensation expense. 
 Amortization of intangible assets increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the addition of intangible assets from the six acquisitions that were completed during 2023, as well as the CGI acquisition, which was completed in the third quarter of 2024. Refer to Note 3 - Acquisitions and Divestitures in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Impairment and restructuring charges were lower for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to impairment charges for the closure of the plant in Gaffney, South Carolina, during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Impairment and restructuring charges were lower for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to impairment charges of 28.3 million related to the goodwill impairment recorded in the Industrial Motion segment during the first quarter of 2023, partially offset by the impairment of certain engineering-related assets used in the Engineered Bearing Segment during the second quarter of 2024. 
 Gain on sale of real estate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due to a gain of 13.8 million on the sale of a former bearing manufacturing plant in Gaffney, South Carolina during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Refer to Note 3 - Acquisitions and Divestitures in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Interest Income and Expense: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Interest expense (30.3) (27.5) (2.8) 10.2 Interest income 3.4 2.6 0.8 30.8 Interest expense, net (26.9) (24.9) (2.0) 8.0 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Interest expense (97.1) (79.9) (17.2) 21.5 Interest income 11.3 6.0 5.3 88.3 Interest expense, net (85.8) (73.9) (11.9) 16.1 
 The increase in interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023 was due to higher average debt levels and slightly higher average interest rates. The increase in interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to increased debt levels and higher average interest rates. 
 
 The increase in interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to increased cash levels and higher average interest rates. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Other Income (Expense): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Non-service pension and other postretirement expense (0.9) (0.9) Other (expense) income (6.3) 0.4 (6.7) NM Total other expense, net (7.2) (0.5) (6.7) NM 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Non-service pension and other postretirement expense (2.9) (0.8) (2.1) 262.5 Other (expense) income (6.0) 5.8 (11.8) (203.4) Total other (expense) income (8.9) 5.0 (13.9) (278.0) 
 The increase in non-service pension and other postretirement expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to pension remeasurement gains recognized during 2023. Refer to Note 16 - Retirement Benefit Plans and Note 17 - Other Postretirement Benefit Plans in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 The change in other (expense) income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily driven by net foreign currency losses in the current year periods of 5.4 million and 11.0 million, respectively. In addition, a gain of 4.8 million on the divestiture of SE Setco, a 50 owned joint venture, was recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Income Tax Expense: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Provision for income taxes 24.6 33.3 (8.7) (26.1) Effective tax rate 21.9 26.8 (490) bps Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Provision for income taxes 103.2 122.9 (19.7) (16.0) Effective tax rate 25.6 26.2 (60) bps 
 Income tax expense decreased 8.7 million and 19.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, due to lower pre-tax earnings and the net favorable impact of discrete items in comparison to the year ago period. 
 Refer to Note 6 - Income Taxes in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the computation of the income tax expense in interim periods. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
 
 The Company's reportable segments are product-based business groups that serve customers in diverse industrial markets. The primary measurement used by management to measure the financial performance of each segment is EBITDA. Refer to Note 4 - Segment Information in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the reconciliation of EBITDA by segment to consolidated income before income taxes. 
 The presentation of segment results below includes a reconciliation of the changes in net sales for each segment reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP to net sales adjusted to remove the effects of acquisitions and divestitures completed in 2024 and 2023 and foreign currency exchange rate changes. The effects of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency exchange rate changes on net sales are removed to allow investors and the Company to meaningfully evaluate the percentage change in net sales on a comparable basis from period to period. 
 The following item represents the Company's acquisitions and divestitures completed in 2024 and 2023: 
 The Company acquired CGI during the third quarter of 2024. Results for CGI are reported in the Industrial Motion segment. 
 The Company acquired Lagersmit during the fourth quarter of 2023. Results for Lagersmit are reported in the Industrial Motion segment. 
 The Company acquired iMECH during the fourth quarter of 2023. Results for iMECH are reported in the Engineered Bearings segment. 
 The Company completed the sale of TWB during the fourth quarter of 2023. Results for TWB were reported in the Engineered Bearings segment. 
 The Company acquired Rosa and Des-Case during the third quarter of 2023. Results for Rosa and Des-Case are reported in the Industrial Motion segment. 
 The Company acquired Nadella during the second quarter of 2023. Results for Nadella are reported in the Industrial Motion segment. 
 The Company acquired ARB during the first quarter of 2023. Results for ARB are reported in the Engineered Bearings segment. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Engineered Bearings Segment: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 740.7 775.6 (34.9) (4.5 EBITDA 150.0 148.2 1.8 1.2 EBITDA margin 20.3 19.1 120 bps 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 740.7 775.6 (34.9) (4.5 Less: Acquisitions 4.2 4.2 NM Divestitures (6.5) (6.5) NM Currency (4.4) (4.4) NM Net sales, excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and currency 747.4 775.6 (28.2) (3.6 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 2,326.6 2,533.5 (206.9) (8.2 EBITDA 492.0 538.7 (46.7) (8.7 EBITDA margin 21.1 21.3 (20) bps 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 2,326.6 2,533.5 (206.9) (8.2 Less: Acquisitions 17.5 17.5 NM Divestitures (21.9) (21.9) NM Currency (21.7) (21.7) NM Net sales, excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and currency 2,352.7 2,533.5 (180.8) (7.1 
 The Engineered Bearings segment's net sales, excluding the effects of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency exchange rate changes, decreased 28.2 million or 3.6 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by lower demand in the renewable energy, off-highway, auto/truck and general heavy industrial sectors, partially offset by growth in the industrial distribution, rail and aerospace sectors. EBITDA increased by 1.8 million or 1.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the gain on the sale of a former bearing manufacturing facility in Gaffney, South Carolina, the impact of favorable price/mix and lower impairment charges, offset by the impact of lower volume and higher logistics and manufacturing costs. 
 
 The Engineered Bearings segment's net sales, excluding the effects of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency exchange rate changes, decreased 180.8 million or 7.1 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was driven by a significant volume decline in the renewable energy sector, and lower volume in the off-highway and general heavy industrial market sectors, partially offset by higher volume in the rail, aerospace and industrial distribution sectors, and higher pricing. EBITDA decreased by 46.7 million or 8.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the impact of lower volume and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes, partially offset by favorable price/mix, improved operating cost performance, the gain on the sale of a former bearing manufacturing facility, lower impairment charges, and the benefit of acquisitions. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Industrial Motion Segment: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 386.1 367.1 19.0 5.2 EBITDA 70.9 70.3 0.6 0.9 EBITDA margin 18.4 19.2 (80) bps 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 386.1 367.1 19.0 5.2 Less: Acquisitions 22.8 22.8 NM Currency 1.2 1.2 NM Net sales, excluding the impact of acquisitions and currency 362.1 367.1 (5.0) (1.4) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 1,172.8 1,144.3 28.5 2.5 EBITDA 223.8 199.4 24.4 12.2 EBITDA margin 19.1 17.4 170 bps 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 1,172.8 1,144.3 28.5 2.5 Less: Acquisitions 96.8 96.8 NM Currency (1.7) (1.7) NM Net sales, excluding the impact of acquisitions and currency 1,077.7 1,144.3 (66.6) (5.8) 
 The Industrial Motion segment's net sales, excluding the effects of acquisitions and foreign currency exchange rate changes, decreased 5.0 million or 1.4 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease reflects lower demand across most platforms, with lubrication systems experiencing the largest decline, partially offset by growth in the drive systems platform, and favorable pricing. EBITDA increased 0.6 million or 0.9 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the benefit of acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of lower volume and higher operating costs. 
 
 The Industrial Motion segment's net sales, excluding the effects of acquisitions and foreign currency exchange rate changes, decreased 66.6 million or 5.8 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease reflects lower volume across most platforms, with linear motion, lubrication systems, belts and chain, and drive systems experiencing the largest decline, partially offset by higher industrial services revenue and favorable pricing. EBITDA increased 24.4 million or 12.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to lower impairment charges, the benefit of acquisitions, and favorable price/mix, partially offset by the impact of lower volume. The lower impairment charges were primarily due to a goodwill impairment recorded in the quarter ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Unallocated Corporate 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Unallocated corporate expense (25.7) (17.0) (8.7) 51.2 Unallocated corporate expense to net sales (2.3) (1.5) (80) bps 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Unallocated corporate expense (61.0) (47.9) (13.1) 27.3 Unallocated corporate expense to net sales (1.7) (1.3) (40) bps 
 Unallocated corporate expense increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency losses in the current year periods of 5.4 million and 11.0 million, respectively. 

CASH FLOW 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 297.1 416.9 (119.8) Net cash used in investing activities (250.0) (599.1) 349.1 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (54.2) 235.6 (289.8) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 1.2 (19.0) 20.2 Increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (5.9) 34.4 (40.3) 
 Op erating Activities: 
 The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities for the first nine months of 2024 compared with the first nine months of 2023 was due to the unfavorable impact of working capital items of 80.0 million, a decrease in net income of 45.9 million, lower non-cash impairment charges of 31.2 million, and higher gains from sales of assets of 14.6 million, partially offset by the favorable impact of income taxes on cash of 34.2 million and higher depreciation and amortization of 16.6 million. Refer to the tables below for additional detail of the impact of each line item on net cash provided by operating activities. 
 The following table displays the impact of working capital items on cash during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Cash (used in) provided by: Accounts receivable (88.5) 13.0 (101.5) Unbilled receivables (18.3) (32.3) 14.0 Inventories (12.5) 47.6 (60.1) Trade accounts payable (16.7) (58.8) 42.1 Other accrued expenses 11.1 (14.4) 25.5 Cash used in working capital items (124.9) (44.9) (80.0) 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The following table displays the impact of income taxes on cash during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Accrued income tax expense 103.2 122.9 (19.7) Income tax payments (132.5) (186.4) 53.9 Other items 0.3 0.3 Change in income taxes (29.0) (63.2) 34.2 
 Investing Activities: 
 The decrease in net cash used in investing activities for the first nine months of 2024 compared with the first nine months of 2023 was due to a decrease in cash used for acquisitions of 297.0 million, an increase in cash from the net liquidation of short-term marketable securities of 22.1 million, lower capital expenditures of 18.5 million, and higher proceeds from disposals of fixed assets of 15.8 million, offset partially by lower proceeds from divestitures of 4.2 million. 
 
 Financing Activities: 
 The change in net cash used in/provided by financing activities for the first nine months of 2024 compared with the first nine months of 2023 was due to a decrease in net borrowings of 406.8 million and lower proceeds from the sale of shares of TIL during the 2024 period compared to the 2023 period in the amount of 52.5 million, and the impact of other items (net), partially offset by a decrease in the purchase of treasury shares of 187.0 million. 

42 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Reconciliation of total debt to net debt and the ratio of net debt to capital: 
 Net Debt: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Short-term debt, including current portion of long-term debt 49.7 605.6 Long-term debt 2,189.2 1,790.3 Total debt 2,238.9 2,395.9 Less: Cash and cash equivalents 412.7 418.9 Net debt 1,826.2 1,977.0 

Ratio of Net Debt to Capital: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Net debt 1,826.2 1,977.0 Total equity 3,090.7 2,702.4 Net debt plus total equity (capital) 4,916.9 4,679.4 Ratio of net debt to capital 37.1 42.2 
 The Company presents net debt because it believes net debt is more representative of the Company's financial position than total debt due to the amount of cash and cash equivalents held by the Company and the ability to utilize such cash and cash equivalents to reduce debt if needed. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had strong liquidity with 412.7 million of cash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, as well as 778.0 million available under committed credit lines. Of the 412.7 million of cash and cash equivalents, 381.2 million resided in jurisdictions outside the United States. Repatriation of non-U.S. cash could be subject to taxes and some portion may be subject to governmental restrictions. Part of the Company's strategy is to grow in attractive market sectors, many of which are outside the United States. This strategy includes making investments in facilities, equipment and potential new acquisitions. The Company plans to fund these investments, as well as meet working capital requirements, with cash and cash equivalents and unused lines of credit within the geographic location of these investments where feasible. 
 On December 5, 2022, the Company entered into the Credit Agreement, which is comprised of a 750.0 million Senior Credit Facility and a 400.0 million 2027 Term Loan that each mature on December 5, 2027. The interest rates under the Credit Agreement are based on SOFR. At September 30, 2024, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility. The Credit Agreement has two financial covenants: a consolidated net leverage ratio and a consolidated interest coverage ratio. The maximum consolidated net leverage ratio permitted under the Senior Credit Facility is 3.5 to 1.0. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's consolidated net leverage ratio was 2.14 to 1.0. The minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio permitted under the Senior Credit Facility is 3.0 to 1.0. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's consolidated interest coverage ratio was 7.48 to 1.0. 
 The interest rate under the Senior Credit Facility is variable with a spread based on the Company's debt rating. The average rate on outstanding U.S. dollar borrowings was 6.24 and the average rate on outstanding Euro borrowings was 4.63 as of September 30, 2024. In addition, the Company pays a facility fee based on the applicable rate, which is variable with a spread based on the Company's debt rating, multiplied by the aggregate commitments of all of the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024, the Company carried investment-grade credit ratings with both Moody's (Baa2) and S P Global (BBB-). 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The Company has a 100 million Accounts Receivable Facility, which matures on November 30, 2026. The Accounts Receivable Facility is subject to certain borrowing base limitations and is secured by certain domestic trade accounts receivable of the Company. The Accounts Receivable Facility had no borrowing base limitations at September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 72 million of outstanding borrowings under the Accounts Receivable Facility, which reduced the availability to 28 million. 
 Other sources of liquidity include uncommitted short-term lines of credit for certain of the Company's foreign subsidiaries, which currently provide for borrowings of up to 231.5 million. At September 30, 2024, the Company had borrowings outstanding of 25.9 million and bank guarantees of 2.4 million, which reduced the aggregate availability under these facilities to 203.2 million. 
 On May 23, 2024, the Company issued 2034 Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 600 million with an interest rate of 4.125 , maturing on May 23, 2034. Proceeds from the 2034 Notes were used for the redemption of the 2024 Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 350 million that were due to mature on September 1, 2024, as well as the repayment of other debt outstanding at the time of the issuance. 
 On August 16, 2023, the Company entered into a 200 million 2024 Term Loan, maturing on August 16, 2024. Proceeds from the 2024 Term Loan were used to repay borrowings on the Senior Credit Facility and Accounts Receivable Facility, as well as for general corporate purposes. The Company repaid the 2024 Term Loan during the second quarter of 2024. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company was in full compliance with all applicable covenants on its outstanding debt. 
 The Company expects to generate a lower amount of cash from operating activities in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to lower expected net income. The Company expects capital expenditures to remain relatively flat in 2024 compared to 2023 and in line with 2023 spending as a percentage of sales (4.0 ). 
 
 Financing Obligations and Other Commitments: 
 During the first nine months of 2024, the Company made cash contributions and payments of 21.7 million to its global defined benefit pension plans and 1.2 million to its other postretirement benefit plans. The Company expects to make contributions to its global defined benefit plans of approximately 25 million in 2024. The Company expects to make payments of approximately 4 million to its other postretirement benefit plans in 2024. Excluding mark-to-market charges, the Company expects higher pension and other postretirement benefits expense in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to lower expected returns on pension plan assets and higher interest expense. 
 The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The Company's financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. The Company reviews its critical accounting policies throughout the year. The Company has concluded that there have been no significant changes to its critical accounting policies or estimates, as described in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 OTHER MATTERS 
 
 Foreign Currency: 
 Assets and liabilities of subsidiaries are translated at the rate of exchange in effect on the balance sheet date; income and expenses are translated at the average rates of exchange prevailing during the reporting period. Related translation adjustments are reflected as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. Foreign currency gains and losses resulting from transactions, and the related hedging activity, are included in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded negative foreign currency translation adjustments of 0.2 million that decreased shareholders' equity, compared with negative foreign currency translation adjustments of 63.5 million that decreased shareholders' equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The foreign currency translation adjustments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was negatively impacted by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other foreign currencies, including the Mexican Peso. 
 Foreign currency exchange gains and losses, net of hedging activity, resulting from transactions included in the Company's operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 6.3 million of net losses, compared with 5.2 million of net losses during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Foreign currency exchange gains and losses, net of hedging activity, resulting from transactions included in the Company's operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 9.9 million of net losses, compared with 6.5 million of net losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

CEO Succession: 
 On September 5, 2024, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of the Company appointed Tarak Mehta President and Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") of the Company and appointed Richard G. Kyle Advisor to the CEO. Mr. Mehta is an accomplished industry veteran who most recently served as President of the Motion business and a member of the Group Executive Committee at ABB Ltd. He succeeds Richard G. Kyle, who has served as Timken s President and CEO since 2014. Mr. Kyle will continue to act as the Company s principal executive officer through this filing of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, after which Mr. Mehta will assume such role. Mr. Kyle will serve as Advisor to the CEO until his scheduled retirement as an employee of the Company on February 15, 2025. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 NON-GAAP MEASURES 
 Supplemental Non-GAAP Measures: 
 In addition to results reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company provides information on non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures include adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margins, segment adjusted EBITDA and segment adjusted EBITDA margins, ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA (for the trailing 12 months), net debt, ratio of net debt to capital and free cash flow. This information is intended to supplement GAAP financial measures and is not intended to replace GAAP financial measures. Net debt and the ratio of net debt to capital is disclosed in the "Liquidity and Capital Resources" section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EBITDA: 
 Adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share represent net income attributable to The Timken Company and diluted earnings per share, respectively, adjusted for intangible amortization, impairment, restructuring and reorganization charges, acquisition costs, including transaction costs and the amortization of the inventory step-up, property losses and recoveries, actuarial gains and losses associated with the remeasurement of the Company's defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans, gains and losses on the sale of real estate, gains and losses on divestitures, the income tax impact of these adjustments, as well as other discrete income tax items, and other items from time to time that are not part of the Company's core operations. Management believes adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share are useful to investors as they are representative of the Company's core operations and are used in the management of the business. 
 Adjusted EBITDA represents earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjusted for items that are not part of the Company's core operations. These items include intangible amortization, impairment, restructuring and reorganization charges, acquisition costs, including transaction costs and the amortization of the inventory step-up, property losses and recoveries, actuarial gains and losses associated with the remeasurement of the Company's defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans, gains and losses on the sale of real estate, gains and losses on divestitures, and other items from time to time that are not part of the Company's core operations. Management believes adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors as it is representative of the Company's core operations and is used in the management of the business, including decisions concerning the allocation of resources and assessment of performance. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of net income attributable to The Timken Company to adjusted net income, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA Margin: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Sales 1,126.8 1,142.7 3,499.4 3,677.8 Net Income Attributable to The Timken Company 81.8 87.9 281.5 335.4 Net Income Attributable to The Timken Company as a Percentage of Sales 7.3 7.7 8.0 9.1 Adjustments: Acquisition intangible amortization 19.7 17.5 58.7 48.3 Impairment, restructuring and reorganization charges (1) 
 3.4 11.6 12.8 47.9 Corporate pension and other postretirement benefit related (income) expense (2) 
 0.2 (1.7) Acquisition-related charges (3) 
 3.1 4.3 10.8 12.8 Gain on divestitures and sale of certain assets (4) 
 (13.8) (1.5) (14.7) (5.9) Property losses and related expenses (5) 
 0.9 1.1 CEO succession expenses (6) 
 1.5 2.7 Noncontrolling interest of above adjustments (0.1) (1.8) (0.2) (2.0) Provision for income taxes (8) 
 (9.5) (7.0) (24.8) (24.0) Adjusted Net Income 87.0 111.2 327.9 410.8 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 5.8 3.0 18.7 10.7 Provision for income taxes (as reported) 24.6 33.3 103.2 122.9 Interest expense 30.3 27.5 97.1 79.9 Interest income (3.4) (2.6) (11.3) (6.0) Depreciation and amortization expense (7) 
 55.8 52.1 164.7 148.3 Less: Acquisition intangible amortization 19.7 17.5 58.7 48.3 Less: Noncontrolling interest (0.1) (1.8) (0.2) (2.0) Less: Provision for income taxes (8) 
 (9.5) (7.0) (24.8) (24.0) Adjusted EBITDA 190.0 215.8 666.6 744.3 Adjusted EBITDA Margin of net sales) 16.9 18.9 19.0 20.2 
 Diluted earnings and adjusted earnings per share in the table below are based on net income attributable to The Timken Company and adjusted net income, respectively, in the table above. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Diluted earnings per share (EPS) 1.16 1.23 3.98 4.63 Adjusted EPS 1.23 1.55 4.63 5.67 Diluted Shares 70,663,741 71,535,609 70,793,086 72,456,849 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of segment EBITDA to segment adjusted EBITDA and segment adjusted EBITDA margin: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Engineered Bearings Industrial Motion Unallocated Corporate Total Net Sales 740.7 386.1 1,126.8 EBITDA 150.0 70.9 (25.7) 195.2 Impairment, restructuring and reorganization 
 charges (1) 
 1.3 1.8 3.1 Acquisition-related charges (3) 
 1.5 1.6 3.1 Gain on divestitures and sale of certain assets (4) 
 (13.8) (13.8) Property losses and related expenses (5) 
 0.9 0.9 CEO succession expenses (6) 
 1.5 1.5 Adjusted EBITDA 138.4 74.2 (22.6) 190.0 Adjusted EBITDA Margin of net sales) 18.7 19.2 NM 16.9 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Engineered Bearings Industrial Motion Unallocated Corporate Total Net Sales 775.6 367.1 1,142.7 EBITDA 148.2 70.3 (17.2) 201.3 Impairment, restructuring and reorganization 
 charges (1) 
 9.0 2.5 11.5 Corporate pension and other postretirement benefit related income (2) 
 0.2 0.2 Acquisition-related charges (3) 
 0.9 2.5 0.9 4.3 Gain divestitures and sale of certain assets (4) 
 (1.4) (0.1) (1.5) Adjusted EBITDA 156.7 75.2 (16.1) 215.8 Adjusted EBITDA Margin of net sales) 20.2 20.5 NM 18.9 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Engineered Bearings Industrial Motion Unallocated Corporate Total Net Sales 2,326.6 1,172.8 3,499.4 EBITDA 492.0 223.8 (61.0) 654.8 Impairment, restructuring and reorganization 
 charges (1) 
 6.4 5.5 11.9 Acquisition-related charges (3) 
 1.2 6.7 2.9 10.8 Gain on divestitures and sale of certain assets (4) 
 (14.7) (14.7) Property losses and related expenses (5) 
 1.1 1.1 CEO succession expenses (6) 
 2.7 2.7 Adjusted EBITDA 486.0 236.0 (55.4) 666.6 Adjusted EBITDA Margin of net sales) 20.9 20.1 NM 19.0 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Engineered Bearings Industrial Motion Unallocated Corporate Total Net Sales 2,533.5 1,144.3 3,677.8 EBITDA 538.7 199.4 (46.2) 691.9 Impairment, restructuring and reorganization 
 charges (1) 
 14.4 32.7 0.1 47.2 Corporate pension and other postretirement benefit related income (2) 
 (1.7) (1.7) Acquisition-related charges (3) 
 3.2 5.8 3.8 12.8 (Gain) loss divestitures and sale of certain assets (4) 
 (6.2) 0.3 (5.9) Adjusted EBITDA 550.1 238.2 (44.0) 744.3 Adjusted EBITDA Margin of net sales) 21.7 20.8 NM 20.2 
 (1) Impairment, restructuring and reorganization charges (including items recorded in cost of products sold) relate to: (i) plant closures; (ii) the rationalization of certain plants; (iii) severance related to cost reduction initiatives; and (iv) impairment of assets. Impairment, restructuring and reorganization charges for 2023 included 28.3 million related to the impairment of goodwill. The Company re-assesses its operating footprint and cost structure periodically, and makes adjustments as needed that result in restructuring charges. However, management believes these actions are not representative of the Company s core operations. 
 (2) Corporate pension and other postretirement benefit related (income) expense represents actuarial (gains) and losses that resulted from the remeasurement of plan assets and obligations as a result of changes in assumptions or experience. The Company recognizes actuarial gains and losses in connection with the annual remeasurement in the fourth quarter, or if specific events trigger a remeasurement. Refer to Note 16 - Retirement Benefit Plans and Note 17 - Other Postretirement Benefit Plans for additional discussion. 
 (3) Acquisition-related charges represent deal-related expenses associated with completed transactions and any resulting inventory step-up impact. 
 (4) Represents the net gain resulting from divestitures and sale of certain assets. (Gain) loss on divestitures and sale of certain assets for the third quarter of 2024 included 13.8 million gain related to the sale of the Gaffney, South Carolina plant. 
 (5) Represents property loss and related expenses incurred during the periods presented resulting from property loss that occurred during the second quarter of 2024 at one of the Company's plants in Slovakia. 
 (6) On March 26, 2024, the Company announced that Richard G. Kyle, President and CEO of the Company would be retiring from his position as CEO and that Tarak Mehta would be appointed CEO on September 5, 2024. CEO succession expenses include the acceleration of certain stock compensation awards for Mr. Kyle and other one-time costs associated with the transition. 
 (7) Depreciation and amortization shown excludes depreciation recognized in reorganization charges, if any. 
 (8) Provision for income taxes includes the net tax impact on pre-tax adjustments (listed above), the impact of discrete tax items recorded during the respective periods as well as other adjustments to reflect the use of one overall effective tax rate on adjusted pre-tax income in interim periods. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Free Cash Flow: 
 Free cash flow represents net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. Management believes free cash flow is useful to investors because it is a meaningful indicator of cash generated from operating activities available for the execution of its business strategy. 
 Reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 123.2 194.3 297.1 416.9 Capital expenditures (35.0) (43.6) (116.4) (134.9) Free cash flow 88.2 150.7 180.7 282.0 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Ratio of Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA: 
 The ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA for the trailing twelve months represents total debt less cash and cash equivalents divided by adjusted EBITDA for the trailing twelve months. The Company presents net debt to adjusted EBITDA because it believes it is more representative of the Company's financial position as it is reflective of the Company's ability to cover its net debt obligations with results from its core operations. Net income for the trailing twelve months ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was 362.1 million and 408.0 million, respectively. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA for the trailing twelve months was 2.1 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the trailing twelve months: 
 Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Net income 362.1 408.0 Provision for income taxes 102.8 122.5 Interest expense 127.9 110.7 Interest income (14.6) (9.3) Depreciation and amortization 217.9 201.3 Consolidated EBITDA 796.1 833.2 Adjustments: Impairment, restructuring and reorganization charges (1) 
 24.0 59.3 Corporate pension and other postretirement benefit related expense (2) 
 22.3 20.6 Acquisition-related charges (3) 
 29.8 31.8 Gain on divestitures and sale of certain assets (4) 
 (14.0) (5.2) Property losses and related expenses (5) 
 1.1 CEO succession expenses (6) 
 2.7 Total adjustments 65.9 106.5 Adjusted EBITDA 862.0 939.7 Net Debt 1,826.2 1,977.0 Ratio of Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA 2.1 2.1 
 (1) Impairment, restructuring and reorganization charges (including items recorded in cost of products sold) relate to: (i) plant closures; (ii) the rationalization of certain plants; (iii) severance related to cost reduction initiatives; and (iv) impairment of assets. Impairment, restructuring and reorganization charges for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 included 28.3 million related to the impairment of goodwill. The Company re-assesses its operating footprint and cost structure periodically, and makes adjustments as needed that result in restructuring charges. However, management believes these actions are not representative of the Company s core operations. 
 (2) Corporate pension and other postretirement benefit related expense represents actuarial losses that resulted from the remeasurement of plan assets and obligations as a result of changes in assumptions or experience. The Company recognizes actuarial losses in connection with the annual remeasurement in the fourth quarter, or if specific events trigger a remeasurement. 
 (3) Acquisition-related charges represent deal-related expenses associated with completed transactions and any resulting inventory step-up impact. 
 (4) Represents the net gain resulting from divestitures and sale of certain assets. Gain on divestitures and sale of certain assets for the third quarter of 2024 included 13.8 million gain related to the sale of the Gaffney, South Carolina plant. 
 (5) Represents property loss and related expenses incurred during the periods presented resulting from property loss that occurred during the second quarter of 2024 at one of the Company's plants in Slovakia. 
 (6) On March 26, 2024, the Company announced that Richard G. Kyle, President and CEO of the Company would be retiring from his position as CEO and that Tarak Mehta would be appointed CEO on September 5, 2024. CEO succession expenses include the acceleration of certain stock compensation awards for Mr. Kyle and other one-time costs associated with the transition. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements set forth in this Form 10-Q and in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 that are not historical in nature (including the Company's forecasts, beliefs and expectations) are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In particular, Management's Discussion and Analysis contains numerous forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally will be accompanied by words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, outlook, intend, may, possible, potential, predict, project or other similar words, phrases or expressions. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. The Company cautions readers that actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company due to a variety of factors, such as: 
 deterioration in world economic conditions, or in economic conditions in any of the geographic regions in which the Company or its customers or suppliers conduct business, including adverse effects from a global economic slowdown or recession, pandemics, epidemics or other public health concerns, terrorism, or hostilities. This includes: political risks associated with the potential instability of governments and legal systems in countries in which the Company or its customers or suppliers conduct business, changes in currency valuations, strained geopolitical relations between countries in which we have significant operations, and recent world events that have increased the risks posed by international trade disputes, tariffs and sanctions; 
 negative impacts to the Company's business, results of operations, financial position or liquidity, disruption to the Company's supply chains, negative impacts to customer demand or operations; 
 the effects of fluctuations in customer demand on sales, product mix and prices in the industries in which the Company operates. This includes: the ability of the Company to respond to rapid changes in customer demand, disruptions to the Company's supply chain, the effects of customer or supplier bankruptcies or liquidations, the impact of changes in industrial business cycles, the ability of the Company to effectively adjust the prices for its products in response to changing dynamics, the effects of distributor inventory corrections reflecting de-stocking of the supply chain and whether conditions of fair trade continue in the Company's markets; 
 competitive factors, including changes in market penetration, increasing price competition by existing or new foreign and domestic competitors, the introduction of new products or services by existing and new competitors, competition for skilled labor and new technology that may impact the way the Company s products are produced, sold or distributed; 
 changes in operating costs. This includes: the effect of changes in the Company s manufacturing processes; changes in costs associated with varying levels of operations and manufacturing capacity; availability and cost of raw materials, energy and fuel; disruptions to the Company's supply chain and logistical issues associated with port closures or congestion, delays or increased costs; changes in the expected costs associated with product warranty claims especially in industry segments with potential high claim values; changes in the global regulatory landscape (including with respect to climate change or other environmental regulations); changes resulting from inventory management and cost reduction initiatives; the effects of unplanned plant shutdowns; the effects of government-imposed restrictions, commercial requirements and Company goals associated with climate change and emissions or other sustainability initiatives; and changes in the cost of labor and benefits; 
 the success of the Company s operating plans, announced programs, initiatives and capital investments; the ability to integrate acquired companies and to address material issues both identified and not uncovered during the Company's due diligence review; and the ability of acquired companies to achieve satisfactory operating results, including results being accretive to earnings, realization of synergies and expected cash flow generation; 
 the Company s ability to maintain appropriate relations with unions or works councils that represent Company employees in certain locations in order to avoid disruptions of business; 
 the continued attraction, retention and development of management, other key employees, and other skilled personnel, the successful development and execution of succession plans and management of other human capital matters; 
 unanticipated litigation, claims, investigations, remediation or assessments. This includes: claims, investigations or problems related to intellectual property, product liability or warranty, foreign export, sanctions and trade laws, government procurement regulations, competition and anti-bribery laws, climate change, PFAS, other environmental or health and safety issues, data privacy and taxes; 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 changes in worldwide financial and capital markets impacting the availability of financing on satisfactory terms, as a result of financial stress affecting the banking system or otherwise, and the high interest rate environment, which affect the Company s cost of funds and/or ability to raise capital, as well as customer demand and the ability of customers to obtain financing to purchase the Company s products or equipment that contain the Company s products; 
 the Company's ability to satisfy its obligations and comply with covenants under its debt agreements, maintain favorable credit ratings and its ability to renew or refinance borrowings on favorable terms; 
 the impact on the Company's pension obligations and assets due to changes in interest rates, investment performance and other tactics designed to reduce risk; and 
 those items identified under Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 or this Form 10-Q. 
 Additional risks relating to the Company's business, the industries in which the Company operates, or the Company's common shares may be described from time to time in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). All of these risk factors are difficult to predict, are subject to material uncertainties that may affect actual results and may be beyond the Company's control. 
 Readers are cautioned that it is not possible to predict or identify all of the risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect future results and that the above list should not be considered to be a complete list. Except as required by the federal securities laws, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Refer to information appearing under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-Q. Furthermore, a discussion of market risk exposures is included in Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk, of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes in reported market risk since the inclusion of this discussion in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K referenced above. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the Company s fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 On September 9, 2024, the Company acquired CGI. The results of the CGI acquisition are included in the Company's consolidated financial statements for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The total and net assets of this acquisition represented 3 of the Company's total assets and 6 of the Company's net assets as of September 30, 2024. The net sales of CGI represented less than 1 of the Company's consolidated net sales for the three months ending September 30, 2024. 
 The scope of the Company's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting will not include the CGI acquisition noted above. This exclusion is in accordance with the SEC's general guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from the Company's scope in the year of acquisition. 
 During 2023, the Company completed six acquisitions: Lagersmit, iMECH, Rosa, Des-Case, Nadella and ARB. The results of these acquisitions are included in the Company's consolidated financial statements for the first nine months of 2024. The total and net assets of these acquisitions represented 13 of the Company's total assets and 23 of the Company's net assets as of September 30, 2024. The net sales of these acquisitions in the aggregate represented 5 of the Company's consolidated net sales for the first six months of 2024. The Company is currently integrating these acquisitions into its internal control framework and processes, and as prescribed by SEC rules and regulations, the Company will include Lagersmit, iMECH, Rosa, Des-Case, Nadella and ARB in the internal control over financial reporting assessment as of December 31, 2024. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. SEC regulations require us to disclose certain information about environmental proceedings when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings if we reasonably believe that such proceedings may result in monetary sanctions above a stated threshold. Pursuant to such regulations, the Company uses the maximum permitted threshold of 1 million or more for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, included a detailed discussion of our risk factors. There have been no material changes to the risk factors included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Investors should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Issuer Purchases of Common Shares 
 The following table provides information about purchases by the Company of its common shares during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 Period Total number 
 of shares 
 purchased (1) 
 Average 
 price paid 
 per share (2) 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum 
 number of 
 shares that 
 may yet 
 be purchased 
 under the plans 
 or programs (3) 
 7/1/2024 - 7/31/2024 20,000 80.51 20,000 2,258,990 8/1/2024 - 8/31/2024 2,258,990 9/1/2024 - 9/30/2024 2,258,990 Total 20,000 82.95 20,000 
 (1) Of the shares purchased in July, none represent common shares of the Company that were owned and tendered by employees to exercise stock options and to satisfy withholding obligations in connection with the exercise of stock options or vesting of restricted shares. 
 (2) For shares tendered in connection with the vesting of restricted shares, the average price paid per share is an average calculated using the daily high and low of the Company's common shares as quoted on the New York Stock Exchange at the time of vesting. For shares tendered in connection with the exercise of stock options, the price paid is the real-time trading stock price at the time the options are exercised. 
 (3) On February 12, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors approved a new share purchase plan, effective March 1, 2021, pursuant to which the Company may purchase up to ten million of its common shares, in the aggregate. This share purchase plan expires on February 28, 2026. Under this plan, the Company may purchase shares from time to time in open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, and it may make all or part of the purchases pursuant to accelerated share repurchases or Rule 10b5-1 plans. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 16a-1(f)) of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as each term is defined in Regulation 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 10.1 
 Deferred Shares Agreement, entered into with Tarak Mehta on September 5, 2024 and granted pursuant to The Timken Company 2019 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan as amended and restated. 31.1 
 Certification of Richard G. Kyle, Advisor to the CEO (principal executive officer) of The Timken Company, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certification of Philip D. Fracassa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) of The Timken Company, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32 
 Certifications of Richard G. Kyle, Advisor to the CEO (principal executive officer) and Philip D. Fracassa, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) of The Timken Company, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 
 Financial statements from the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The Timken Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 filed on November 5, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 THE TIMKEN COMPANY Date: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ Richard G. Kyle Richard G. Kyle Advisor to the CEO (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ Philip D. Fracassa Philip D. Fracassa Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 57 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 tkr93024exhibit101.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

THE TIMKEN COMPANY 
 
 Deferred Shares Agreement 
 THIS DEFERRED SHARES AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made by and between The Timken Company, an Ohio corporation (the Company ), and the undersigned Grantee pursuant to The Timken Company 2019 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, as may be amended or amended and restated from time to time (the Plan ), effective as of the Date of Grant, which is provided, along with additional grant details, on the secure web portal of the third-party vendor used by the Company for the administration of the Plan (such information is referred to herein as the Grant Summary ). All terms used in this Agreement with initial capital letters that are defined in the Plan and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Plan. 
 1. Grant and Vesting of Awards . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, Grantee has been granted on the Date of Grant the right to receive (a) the number of Common Shares specified in the Grant Summary and (b) dividend equivalents payable in cash on a deferred basis (the Deferred Cash Dividends with respect to the Common Shares covered by this Agreement. Subject to Sections 2 and 3 hereof, Grantee s right to receive 50 of the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends that are accumulated will become nonforfeitable on each of the first two anniversaries of the Date of Grant (each date, a Vesting Date ), if Grantee remains in the continuous employ of the Company or a Subsidiary from the Date of Grant through each applicable Vesting Date (the period that commences on the Date of Grant and ends on the second Vesting Date, the Vesting Period ). For purposes of this Agreement, Grantee s continuous employment with the Company or a Subsidiary will not be deemed to have been interrupted, and Grantee will not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary, by reason of any transfer of employment among the Company and its Subsidiaries. 
 2. Alternative Vesting of Awards . Notwithstanding Section 1 of this Agreement, and subject to the payment provisions of Section 5 of this Agreement, Grantee s right to receive the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated may become nonforfeitable if any of the following circumstances apply 
 (a) Death or Disability Grantee s right to receive the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated will immediately become nonforfeitable if Grantee dies or becomes Permanently Disabled (as defined below) while in the employ of the Company or any Subsidiary. If Grantee dies or becomes Permanently Disabled during the period that Grantee is deemed to be in the continuous employ of the Company or a Subsidiary pursuant to Section 2(c) or 2(d), then the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated will immediately become nonforfeitable provided, however, that if Section 2(d) applies, the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends will immediately become nonforfeitable only to the extent that the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash 

Dividends would have become nonforfeitable during the severance period pursuant to Section 2(d). 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Permanently Disabled means that Grantee has qualified for long-term disability benefits under a disability plan or program of the Company, or, in the absence of a disability plan or program of the Company, under a government-sponsored disability program and is disabled within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of the Code. 
 (a) Change in Control 
 (i) Upon a Change in Control occurring during the Vesting Period while Grantee is an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary, if any Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated remain outstanding and unvested, they will immediately become nonforfeitable (except to the extent that a Replacement Award for such Common Shares and Deferred Cash Dividends is provided to Grantee). If Grantee is deemed to be in the continuous employ of the Company or a Subsidiary pursuant to Section 2(c) or 2(d), then, upon a Change in Control that occurs prior to the applicable Vesting Date, the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated will immediately become nonforfeitable provided, however, that if Section 2(d) applies, the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated will immediately become nonforfeitable only to the extent that the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends would have become nonforfeitable during the severance period pursuant to Section 2(d). 
 (ii) For purposes of this Agreement, a Replacement Award shall mean an award (A) of deferred shares, (B) that has a value at least equal to the value of the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated, (C) that relates to publicly traded equity securities of the Company or its successor in the Change in Control (or another entity that is affiliated with the Company or its successor following the Change in Control) (the Successor ), (D) the tax consequences of which, under the Code, if Grantee is subject to U.S. federal income tax under the Code, are not less favorable to Grantee than the tax consequences of the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated, (E) that becomes nonforfeitable in full upon a termination of Grantee s employment with the Company or its Successor in the Change in Control (or another entity that is affiliated with the Company or the Successor for Good Reason by Grantee or without Cause (as defined in Section 2(d)) by the Company or the Successor within a period of two years after the Change in Control, and (F) the other terms and conditions of which are not less favorable to Grantee than the terms and conditions of the Common 
 - 2 - 

Shares covered by this Agreement and any Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated with respect thereto (including the provisions that would apply in the event of a subsequent Change in Control). A Replacement Award may be granted only to the extent it conforms to the requirements of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(iv)(B) or otherwise does not result in the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated with respect thereto, or the Replacement Award, failing to comply with Section 409A of the Code. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Replacement Award may take the form of a continuation of the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated if the requirements of the preceding sentence are satisfied. The determination of whether the conditions of this Section 2(b)(ii) are satisfied will be made by the Committee, as constituted immediately before the Change in Control, in its sole discretion. 
 (iii) For purposes of Section 2(b)(ii), Good Reason means a material reduction in the nature or scope of the responsibilities, authorities or duties of Grantee attached to Grantee s position held immediately prior to the Change in Control, a change of more than 60 miles in the location of Grantee s principal office immediately prior to the Change in Control, or a material reduction in Grantee s remuneration upon or after the Change in Control provided , that no later than 90 days following an event constituting Good Reason Grantee gives notice to the Successor of the occurrence of such event and the Successor fails to cure the event within 30 days following the receipt of such notice. 
 (iv) If a Replacement Award is provided, (A) the terms of the Replacement Award will govern the Vesting and payment of the Replacement Award and (B) notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any outstanding Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated which at the time of the Change in Control are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) will be deemed to be nonforfeitable at the time of such Change in Control. 
 (b) Divestiture If Grantee s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary terminates as the result of a Divestiture (as defined below), then the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated will become nonforfeitable in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 1(a) as if Grantee had remained in the continuous employ of the Company or a Subsidiary from the Date of Grant through the second Vesting Date or the occurrence of a circumstance referenced in Section 2(a) or 2(b), whichever occurs first. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Divestiture means a permanent disposition to a Person other than the Company or any Subsidiary of a plant or other facility or property at which Grantee performs a majority of Grantee s services whether such disposition is effected by means of a sale of assets, a sale of Subsidiary stock or otherwise. 
 - 3 - 

(c) Termination Without Cause Subject to Section 5(c) hereof, if (i) Grantee s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated by the Company or a Subsidiary other than for Cause (a Termination Without Cause and (ii) Grantee is entitled to receive severance pay pursuant to the terms of any severance pay plan or program of the Company in effect at the time of Grantee s termination of employment that provides for severance pay calculated by multiplying Grantee s base compensation by a specified severance period, then Grantee s right to receive the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated will become nonforfeitable in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 1(a) as if Grantee had remained in the continuous employ of the Company or a Subsidiary from the Date of Grant through the second Vesting Date or the occurrence of a circumstance referenced in Section 2(a) or 2(b), whichever occurs first provided, however, that if the specified severance period ends before the second Vesting Date, Grantee s right to receive the Common Shares covered by this Agreement that would have vested on a Vesting Date occurring after the end of the specified severance period and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated shall be forfeited automatically at the end of the severance period. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means (i) an intentional act of fraud, embezzlement or theft in connection with Grantee s duties with the Company or a Subsidiary (or the Successor, if applicable) (ii) an intentional wrongful disclosure of secret processes or confidential information of the Company or a Subsidiary (or the Successor, if applicable) (iii) an intentional, wrongful engagement in any competitive activity that would constitute a material breach of Grantee s duty of loyalty to the Company or a Subsidiary (or the Successor, if applicable) (iv) the willful misconduct in the performance of Grantee s duties to the Company or a Subsidiary (or the Successor, if applicable) or (v) gross negligence in the performance of Grantee s duties to the company or a Subsidiary (or the Successor, if applicable). No act, or failure to act, on the part of Grantee shall be deemed intentional unless done or omitted to be done by Grantee not in good faith and without reasonable belief that Grantee s action or omission was in or not opposed to the best interest of the Company or a Subsidiary (or the Successor, if applicable) provided that for any Grantee who is party to an individual severance or employment agreement defining Cause, Cause will have the meaning set forth in such agreement. 
 3. Forfeiture of Awards . Grantee s right to receive the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated will be forfeited automatically and without further notice on the date that Grantee ceases to be an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary for any reason other than as described in Section 1 or 2 hereof prior to the applicable Vesting Date. In the event that Grantee intentionally commits an act that the Committee determines to be materially adverse to the interests of the Company or a Subsidiary, Grantee s right to receive the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated will be forfeited at the time of that determination notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary. 
 - 4 - 

4. Crediting of Deferred Cash Dividends . With respect to each of the Common Shares covered by this Agreement, Grantee will be credited on the records of the Company with Deferred Cash Dividends in an amount equal to the amount per share of any cash dividends declared by the Board on the outstanding Common Shares during the period beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on the date on which Grantee receives payment of the Common Shares covered by this Agreement pursuant to Section 5 hereof or at the time when the Common Shares covered by this Agreement are forfeited in accordance with Section 3 of this Agreement. The Deferred Cash Dividends will accumulate without interest. 
 5. Payment of Awards . 
 a. General Subject to Sections 3 and 5(b), payment for the Common Shares covered by this Agreement that are nonforfeitable will be paid in Common Shares, and any such Common Shares and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated will be made within 60 days following the applicable Vesting Date specified in Section 1. 
 b. Other Payment Events Notwithstanding Section 5(a), to the extent that the Common Shares covered by this Agreement are nonforfeitable on the dates set forth below, payment with respect to the Common Shares covered by this Agreement that have become nonforfeitable and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated will be made as follows 
 i. Change in Control . Within 10 days of a Change in Control, Grantee is entitled to receive payment for the Common Shares covered by this Agreement that are nonforfeitable and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated on the date of the Change in Control provided , however , that if such Change in Control would not qualify as a permissible date of distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(A) of the Code, and the regulations thereunder, and where Section 409A of the Code applies to such distribution, Grantee is entitled to receive the corresponding payment on the date that would have otherwise applied pursuant to Sections 5(a) or 5(b)(ii) as though such Change in Control had not occurred. 
 ii. Death or Permanent Disability . Within 30 days of the date of Grantee s death or the date Grantee becomes Permanently Disabled, Grantee is entitled to receive payment for the Common Shares covered by this Agreement that are nonforfeitable and any related Deferred Cash Dividends then accumulated on such date. 
 c. Release Requirement . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and any Deferred Cash Dividends accumulated with respect thereto will not become nonforfeitable or payable pursuant to Section 2(d) of this Agreement as a result of a Termination Without Cause or pursuant to Section 2(b)(ii)(E) of this Agreement as a result of a termination of employment for Good Reason by Grantee or without Cause by the Company or the Successor unless, to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
 - 5 - 

Grantee signs, does not revoke, and agrees to be bound by a general release of claims in a form provided by the Company or the Successor, which release must be signed, and any applicable revocation period shall have expired within 30 or 60 days (as specified by the Company or the Successor at the time such release is provided) of Grantee s termination of employment (such 30 day or 60 day period, as applicable, the Review Period ). In the event such Review Period begins in one taxable year of Grantee, and ends in a second taxable year of Grantee, then to the extent necessary to avoid any penalties or additional taxes under Section 409A of the Code, no payment shall be made before the second taxable year. 
 6. Compliance with Law . The Company shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws provided , however , notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to issue any of the Common Shares covered by this Agreement or pay any Deferred Cash Dividends accumulated with respect thereto if the issuance or payment thereof would result in violation of any such law. To the extent that the Ohio Securities Act shall be applicable to this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to issue any of the Common Shares or other securities covered by this Agreement or pay any Deferred Cash Dividends accumulated with respect thereto unless such Common Shares and Deferred Cash Dividends are (a) exempt from registration thereunder, (b) the subject of a transaction that is exempt from compliance therewith, (c) registered by description or qualification thereunder or (d) the subject of a transaction that shall have been registered by description thereunder. 
 7. Transferability . Neither Grantee s right to receive the Common Shares covered by this Agreement nor Grantee s right to receive any Deferred Cash Dividends shall be transferable by Grantee except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any purported transfer in violation of this Section 7 shall be null and void, and the purported transferee shall obtain no rights with respect to such Shares. 
 8. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement and the Plan comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. This Agreement and the Plan shall be administered in a manner consistent with this intent. 
 9. Adjustments . Subject to Section 12 of the Plan, the Committee shall make any adjustments in the number or kind of shares of stock or other securities covered by this Agreement, and other terms and provisions, that the Committee shall determine is equitably required to prevent any dilution or expansion of Grantee s rights under this Agreement that otherwise would result from any (a) extraordinary cash dividend, stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares, recapitalization or other change in the capital structure of the Company, (b) merger, consolidation, separation, reorganization, partial or complete liquidation or other distribution of assets involving the Company or (c) other transaction or event having an effect similar to any of those referred to in subsection (a) or (b) herein. Moreover, in the event that any transaction or event described or referred to in the immediately preceding sentence, or a Change in Control, shall occur, the Committee shall provide in substitution of any or all of Grantee s rights under this 
 - 6 - 

Agreement such alternative consideration (including cash), if any, as the Committee shall determine in good faith to be equitable under the circumstances. 
 10. Withholding Taxes . To the extent that the Company or a Subsidiary is required to withhold federal, state, local or foreign taxes or other amounts in connection with any delivery of Common Shares to Grantee, and the amounts available to the Company for such withholding are insufficient, it will be a condition to the receipt of such delivery of Common Shares or any other benefit provided for under this Agreement that Grantee make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for payment of the balance of such taxes or other amounts required to be withheld. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Grantee may elect that all or any part of such withholding requirement be satisfied by retention by the Company of a portion of the Common Shares delivered to Grantee. Any Common Shares so withheld shall be credited against such withholding requirements at the fair market value of such shares on the date of such withholding. Grantee may also satisfy such tax obligation by paying the Company cash via personal check or having such amounts deducted from payroll, to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
 11. Clawback Detrimental Activity and Recapture . 
 a. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Grantee acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the award described herein (and any settlement thereof) are subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s clawback policy or policies (if any) as may be in effect from time to time, including specifically to implement Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated thereunder (including applicable rules and regulations of any national securities exchange on which the Common Shares at any point may be traded) (the Compensation Recovery Policy ), and that applicable terms of this Agreement shall be deemed superseded by and subject to the terms and conditions of the Compensation Recovery Policy from and after the effective date thereof. By accepting this award under the Plan and pursuant to this Agreement, Grantee consents to be bound by the terms of the Compensation Recovery Policy, to the extent applicable to Grantee, and agrees and acknowledges to fully cooperate with and assist the Company in connection with any of Grantee s obligations to the Company pursuant to the Compensation Recovery Policy, and agrees that the Company may enforce its rights under the Compensation Recovery Policy through any and all reasonable means permitted under applicable law as it deems necessary or desirable under the Compensation Recovery Policy, in each case from and after the effective dates thereof. Such cooperation and assistance shall include, but is not limited to, executing, completing and submitting any documentation necessary to facilitate the recovery or recoupment by the Company from Grantee of any such amounts, including from Grantee s accounts or from any other compensation, to the extent permissible under Section 409A of the Code. 
 b. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, including the terms of the Compensation Recovery Policy referenced in Section 11(a) of this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement prevents Grantee from providing, without prior notice to the Company, information to governmental authorities regarding 
 - 7 - 

possible legal violations or otherwise testifying or participating in any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authorities regarding possible legal violations. 
 12. No Right to Future Awards or Employment . This award is a voluntary, discretionary bonus being made on a one-time basis and it does not constitute a commitment to make any future awards. This award and any payments made hereunder will not be considered salary or other compensation for purposes of any severance pay or similar allowance, except as otherwise required by law. No provision of this Agreement shall limit in any way whatsoever any right that the Company or a Subsidiary may otherwise have to terminate Grantee s employment at any time. 
 13. Relation to Other Benefits . Any economic or other benefit to Grantee under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which Grantee may be entitled under any profit sharing, retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company or a Subsidiary and shall not affect the amount of any life insurance coverage available to any beneficiary under any life insurance plan covering employees of the Company or a Subsidiary. 
 14. Processing of Information . Information about Grantee and Grantee s award of Common Shares and Deferred Cash Dividends may be collected, recorded and held, used and disclosed for any purpose related to the administration of the award. Grantee understands that such processing of this information may need to be carried out by the Company and its Subsidiaries and by third party administrators whether such persons are located within Grantee s country or elsewhere, including the United States of America. Grantee consents to the processing of information relating to Grantee and Grantee s receipt of the Common Shares and Deferred Cash Dividends in any one or more of the ways referred to above. 
 15. Amendments . Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto provided , however , that subject to the terms of the Plan and the provisions of Section 8 hereof, no amendment shall materially impair the rights of Grantee with respect to either the Common Shares or other securities covered by this Agreement or the Deferred Cash Dividends without Grantee s consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the limitation requiring the consent of Grantee to certain amendments will not apply to any amendment that is deemed necessary by the Company to ensure compliance with Section 409A of the Code, Section 10D of the Exchange Act, or other applicable law. 
 16. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the application of any provision hereof to any person or circumstances is held invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision in any other person or circumstances shall not be affected, and the provisions so held to be invalid or unenforceable shall be reformed to the extent (and only to the extent) necessary to make it enforceable and valid. 
 17. Choice of Law . This Agreement is made under, and shall be construed in accordance with, the internal substantive laws of the State of Ohio. Grantee agrees that the state and federal courts located in the State of Ohio shall have jurisdiction in any action, suit or 
 - 8 - 

proceeding against Grantee based on or arising out of this Agreement and Grantee hereby (a) submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts (b) consents to service of process in connection with any action, suit or proceeding against Grantee and (c) waives any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction, venue or service of process. 
 18. Non-U.S. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provisions in this document to the contrary, the Common Shares covered by this Agreement and the Deferred Cash Dividends will also be subject to the special terms and conditions set forth on Appendix A for Grantees who reside outside of the United States. Moreover, if a Grantee is not a resident of any of the countries listed on Appendix A as of the Date of Grant, but relocates to one of the listed countries at any point thereafter, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Grantee, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. Appendix A constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 Signatures on the Following Page 
 
 - 9 - 

This Agreement is executed by the Company on this 5th day of September, 2024. 
 
 The Timken Company 
 
 By s Hansal N. Patel______________ 
 Name Hansal N. Patel Title Vice President, 
 General Counsel & Secretary 
 
 The undersigned Grantee hereby acknowledges receipt of an executed original of this Agreement and accepts the right to receive the Common Shares or other securities covered hereby and any Deferred Cash Dividends accumulated with respect thereto, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions herein above set forth. 
 
 s Tarak Mehta_________________________ 
 Tarak Mehta 
 
 Date 9 5 2024 
 
 - 10 - 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 tkr93024exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Principal Executive Officer s Certifications 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Richard G. Kyle, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The Timken Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 
 By s Richard G. Kyle Richard G. Kyle Advisor to the CEO (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 tkr93024exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Principal Financial Officer s Certifications 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Philip D. Fracassa, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The Timken Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 
 By s Philip D. Fracassa Philip D. Fracassa Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 tkr93024exhibit32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of The Timken Company (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 
 By s Richard G. Kyle Richard G. Kyle Advisor to the CEO (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 By s Philip D. Fracassa Philip D. Fracassa Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tkr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 tkr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tkr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tkr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tkr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

