<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_1758730_0001758730-24-000190.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12257946</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>275676</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1869790</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4748948</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2661679</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2450671</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001758730-24-000190.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030070212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001758730-24-000190
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tradeweb Markets Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001758730
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY & COMMODITY BROKERS, DEALERS, EXCHANGES & SERVICES [6200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38860
		FILM NUMBER:		241407411

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1177 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-430-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1177 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001758730-24-000190.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 tw-20240930.htm
 10-Q

tw-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 TRADEWEB MARKETS INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ___________________________________________ 

(State of other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Class of Stock 
 Shares Outstanding as of October 23, 2024 Class A Common Stock, par value 0.00001 per share 
 Class B Common Stock, par value 0.00001 per share 
 Class C Common Stock, par value 0.00001 per share 
 Class D Common Stock, par value 0.00001 per share 

Table of Contents 

 TRADEWEB MARKETS INC. 
 FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page INTRODUCTORY NOTE 
 3 
 USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 4 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 6 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 11 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 13 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 15 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 82 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 84 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 85 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 85 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 85 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 85 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 85 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 86 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 86 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 88 
 Signatures 
 89 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 INTRODUCTORY NOTE 
 The financial statements and other disclosures contained in this report include those of Tradeweb Markets Inc., which is the registrant, and those of its consolidating subsidiaries, including Tradeweb Markets LLC, which became the principal operating subsidiary of Tradeweb Markets Inc. on April 4, 2019 in a series of reorganization transactions (the Reorganization Transactions that were completed in connection with Tradeweb Markets Inc. s initial public offering (the IPO ), which closed on April 8, 2019. 
 As a result of the Reorganization Transactions completed in connection with the IPO, Tradeweb Markets Inc. became a holding company whose only material assets consist of its equity interest in Tradeweb Markets LLC and related deferred tax assets. As the sole manager of Tradeweb Markets LLC, Tradeweb Markets Inc. operates and controls all of the business and affairs of Tradeweb Markets LLC and, through Tradeweb Markets LLC and its subsidiaries, conducts its business. As a result of this control, and because Tradeweb Markets Inc. has a substantial financial interest in Tradeweb Markets LLC, Tradeweb Markets Inc. consolidates the financial results of Tradeweb Markets LLC and its subsidiaries. 
 As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless the context otherwise requires, references to: 
 We, us, our, the Company, Tradeweb and similar references refer: (i) on or prior to the completion of the Reorganization Transactions to Tradeweb Markets LLC, which we refer to as TWM LLC, and, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, all of its subsidiaries and any predecessor entities, and (ii) following the completion of the Reorganization Transactions to Tradeweb Markets Inc., and, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, its subsidiaries, including TWM LLC and all of its subsidiaries, and any predecessor entities. 
 Bank Stockholders refer collectively to entities affiliated with the following clients: Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc. (a subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation), Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, RBS Securities Inc., UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, which, prior to the completion of the IPO, collectively held a 46 ownership interest in Tradeweb. Subsequent to August 2022, there were no LLC Interests (as defined below) held by Bank Stockholders. 
 Continuing LLC Owners refer collectively to (i) those Original LLC Owners (as defined below), including an indirect subsidiary of Refinitiv (as defined below), certain of the Bank Stockholders and members of management, that continued to own LLC Interests after the completion of the IPO and Reorganization Transactions and that received shares of our Class C common stock, shares of our Class D common stock or a combination of both, as the case may be, in connection with the completion of the Reorganization Transactions, (ii) any subsequent transferee of any Original LLC Owner that has executed a joinder agreement to TWM LLC s limited liability company agreement (the TWM LLC Agreement and (iii) solely with respect to the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined below), (x) those Original LLC Owners, including certain of the Bank Stockholders, that disposed of all of their LLC Interests for cash in connection with the IPO and (y) any party that has executed a joinder agreement to the Tax Receivable Agreement in accordance with the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Investor Group refer to certain investment funds affiliated with The Blackstone Group Inc. (f/k/a The Blackstone Group L.P.), an affiliate of Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, an affiliate of GIC Special Investments Pte. Ltd. and certain co-investors, which prior to the LSEG Transaction (as defined below) collectively held indirectly a 55 ownership interest in Refinitiv. 
 LLC Interests refer to the single class of common mem bership interests of TWM LLC. LLC Interests, other than those held by directly or indirectly Tradeweb Markets Inc., are redeemable or exchangeable in accordance with the TWM LLC Agreement for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as the case may be, on a one-for-one basis. References to LLC Interests held by Tradeweb Markets Inc. and comparable terminology refer to LLC Interests held by Tradeweb Markets Inc. directly as well as indirectly through direct, wholly-owned subsidiaries of Tradeweb Markets Inc. (which are holding companies with no independent operations). 
 LSEG Transaction refer to the acquisition of the Refinitiv business by LSEG (as defined below), in an all share transaction, which closed on January 29, 2021. The Refinitiv business was rebranded by LSEG as LSEG Data Analytics during the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 LSEG refer to London Stock Exchange Group plc, and unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, all of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Refinitiv. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Original LLC Owners refer to the owners of TWM LLC prior to the Reorganization Transactions. 
 Refinitiv, prior to the LSEG Transaction, refer to Refinitiv Holdings Limited, and unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, all of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, and subsequent to the LSEG Transaction, refer to Refinitiv Parent Limited, and unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, all of its subsidiaries. Refinitiv owns substantially all of the former financial and risk business of Thomson Reuters (as defined below), including, prior to and following the completion of the Reorganization Transactions, an indirect majority ownership interest in Tradeweb, and was controlled by the Investor Group prior to the LSEG Transaction. 
 Refinitiv Transaction refer to the transaction pursuant to which Refinitiv indirectly acquired on October 1, 2018 substantially all of the financial and risk business of Thomson Reuters and Thomson Reuters indirectly acquired a 45 ownership interest in Refinitiv. 
 Thomson Reuters or TR refer to Thomson Reuters Corporation, which prior to the LSEG Transaction indirectly held a 45 ownership interest in Refinitiv. 
 Numerical figures included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, numerical figures shown as totals in various tables may not be arithmetic aggregations of the figures that precede them. In addition, we round certain percentages presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the nearest whole number. As a result, figures expressed as percentages in the text may not total 100 or, when aggregated, may not be the arithmetic aggregation of the percentages that precede them. 
 
 USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains non-GAAP financial measures, which are financial measures that are not calculated and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission SEC has adopted rules to regulate the use of non-GAAP financial measures in filings with the SEC and in other public disclosures. These rules govern the manner in which non-GAAP financial measures are publicly presented and require, among other things: 
 a presentation with equal or greater prominence of the most comparable financial measure or measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP; and 
 a statement disclosing the purposes for which the registrant s management uses the non-GAAP financial measure. 
 Specifically, we make use of the non-GAAP financial measures Free Cash Flow, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS, as well as the change in revenue, Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin on a constant currency basis, in evaluating our historical results and future prospects. For the definition of Free Cash Flow and a reconciliation to cash flow from operating activities, its most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP, see Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non - GAAP Financial Measures. For the definitions of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted Net Income and reconciliations to net income and net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc., as applicable, their most directly comparable financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP, see Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures. For the definition of constant currency revenue change, see Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations. Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin are defined as Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT, respectively, divided by revenue for the applicable period. For the definition of constant currency change in Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin, see Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures. Adjusted Diluted EPS is defined as Adjusted Net Income divided by the diluted weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding for the applicable period (including the effect of potentially dilutive securities determined using the treasury stock method), plus the weighted average number of other participating securities reflected in earnings per share using the two-class method, plus the assumed full exchange of all outstanding LLC Interests held by non-controlling interests for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock. 
 We present Free Cash Flow because we believe it is a useful indicator of liquidity that provides information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated from our core operations after non-acquisition related expenditures for capitalized software development costs and furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 We present Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin because we believe they assist investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. Management and our board of directors use Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin to assess our financial performance and believe they are helpful in highlighting trends in our core operating performance, while other measures can differ significantly depending on long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which we operate and capital investments. Further, our executive incentive compensation program is based in part on components of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin. 
 We use constant currency measures as supplemental metrics to evaluate our underlying performance between periods by removing the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. We believe that providing certain percentage changes on a constant currency basis provide useful comparisons of our performance and trends between periods. 
 We use Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS as supplemental metrics to evaluate our business performance in a way that also considers our ability to generate profit without the impact of certain items. Each of the normal recurring adjustments and other adjustments described in the definition of Adjusted Net Income helps to provide management with a measure of our operating performance over time by removing items that are not related to day-to-day operations or are non-cash expenses. 
 Free Cash Flow, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS and constant currency measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider such measures either in isolation or as substitutes for analyzing our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations include the following: 
 Free Cash Flow, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS do not reflect every expenditure, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS do not reflect changes in our working capital needs; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT do not reflect any interest income or expense, or the amounts necessary to service interest or principal payments on any debt obligations; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT do not reflect income tax expense, which is a necessary element of our costs and ability to operate; 
 although depreciation and amortization are eliminated in the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA, and the depreciation and amortization related to acquisitions and the Refinitiv Transaction are eliminated in the calculation of Adjusted EBIT, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT do not reflect any costs of such replacements; 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS do not reflect the noncash component of certain employee stock-based compensation expense and associated payroll taxes; 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS do not reflect the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative, on a recurring basis, of our ongoing operations; 
 constant currency measures do not reflect the impact of foreign currency fluctuations; and 
 other companies in our industry may calculate Free Cash Flow, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS, constant currency measures or similarly titled measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Free Cash Flow, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS and constant currency measures only as supplemental information. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). You can generally identify forward-looking statements by our use of forward-looking terminology such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, potential, predict, projection, seek, should, will or would, or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. In particular, statements about the markets in which we operate, including our expectations about market trends, our market opportunity and the growth of our various markets, our expansion into new markets, any pending or closed acquisitions or other strategic transactions, any potential tax savings we may realize as a result of our organizational structure, our dividend policy, our share repurchase program and our expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, prospects or assumptions regarding future events, our performance or otherwise, contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements. 
 We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections. While we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These and other important factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, or could affect our stock price. 
 Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements include: 
 changes in economic, political, social and market conditions and the impact of these changes on trading volumes; 
 our failure to compete successfully; 
 our failure to adapt our business effectively to keep pace with industry changes; 
 consolidation and concentration in the financial services industry; 
 our dependence on dealer clients; 
 design defects, errors, failures or delays with our platforms or solutions; 
 our dependence on third parties for certain market data and certain key functions; 
 our inability to achieve our environmental, social and governance goals; 
 our ability to implement our business strategies profitably; 
 our ability to successfully integrate any acquisition or to realize benefits from any strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures; 
 our inability to maintain and grow the capacity of our trading platforms, systems and infrastructure; 
 systems failures, interruptions, delays in services, cybersecurity incidents, catastrophic events and any resulting interruptions; 
 inadequate protection of our intellectual property; 
 extensive regulation of our industry; 
 our ability to retain the services of our senior management team; 
 limitations on operating our business and incurring additional indebtedness as a result of covenant restrictions under our 500.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility with Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto; 
 our dependence on distributions from TWM LLC to fund our expected dividend payments and to pay our taxes and expenses, including payments under the tax receivable agreement (the Tax Receivable Agreement entered into in connection with the IPO; 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to realize any benefit from our organizational structure; 
 Refinitiv s, and indirectly LSEG s, control of us and our status as a controlled company; and 
 other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Form 10-K ), filed with the SEC and in other filings we may make from time to time with the SEC. 
 Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not guarantees of future events or performance and future events, our actual results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, and the development of the industry and markets in which we operate, may differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition, even if future events, our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, and events in the industry and markets in which we operate, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, they may not be predictive of events, results or developments in future periods. 
 Any forward-looking statement that we make in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speaks only as of the date of such statement. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise, or to publicly announce any update or revision to, any of the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Investors and others should note that we announce material financial and operational information using our investor relations website, press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. Information about Tradeweb, our business and our results of operations may also be announced by posts on Tradeweb s accounts on the following social media channels: Instagram, LinkedIn and X (formerly Twitter). The information that we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. As a result, we encourage investors, the media and others interested in Tradeweb to monitor these social media channels in addition to following our investor relations website, press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. These social media channels may be updated from time to time on our investor relations website. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Receivable from brokers and dealers and clearing organizations Deposits with clearing organizations Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Furniture, equipment, purchased software and leasehold improvements, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization Lease right-of-use assets Software development costs, net of accumulated amortization Goodwill Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization Receivable and due from affiliates Deferred tax asset Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Payable to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations Accrued compensation Deferred revenue Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Lease liabilities Payable and due to affiliates Deferred tax liability Tax receivable agreement liability Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class C common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class D common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. Non-controlling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Transaction fees and commissions Subscription fees LSEG market data fees Other Total revenue Expenses Employee compensation and benefits Depreciation and amortization Technology and communications General and administrative Professional fees Occupancy Total expenses Operating income Tax receivable agreement liability adjustment ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (loss), net ) ) Income before taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) Net income Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. Earnings per share attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. Class A and B common stockholders: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments, with tax benefit for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Less: Foreign currency translation adjustments attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Tradeweb Markets Inc. Stockholders Equity Par Value Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Class C Common Stock Class D Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Non- Controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Issuance of common stock for business acquisitions Tax receivable agreement liability and deferred taxes arising from LLC Interest ownership exchanges and the issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Adjustments to non-controlling interests ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Payroll taxes paid for stock-based compensation ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Tax receivable agreement liability and deferred taxes arising from LLC Interest ownership exchanges and the issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Adjustments to non-controlling interests ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Payroll taxes paid for stock-based compensation ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Issuance of common stock for business acquisitions Share repurchases pursuant to share repurchase programs ) ) Tax receivable agreement liability and deferred taxes arising from LLC Interest ownership exchanges and the issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans ) ) Adjustments to non-controlling interests ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Payroll taxes paid for stock-based compensation ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2024 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Tradeweb Markets Inc. Stockholders Equity Par Value Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Class C Common Stock Class D Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Non- Controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Share repurchases pursuant to share repurchase programs ) ) Tax receivable agreement liability and deferred taxes arising from LLC Interest ownership exchanges and the issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Adjustments to non-controlling interests ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Payroll taxes paid for stock-based compensation ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Share repurchases pursuant to share repurchase programs ) ) Tax receivable agreement liability and deferred taxes arising from LLC Interest ownership exchanges and the issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans 
 Adjustments to non-controlling interests ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Payroll taxes paid for stock-based compensation ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Share repurchases pursuant to share repurchase programs ) ) Tax receivable agreement liability and deferred taxes arising from LLC Interest ownership exchanges and the issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Adjustments to non-controlling interests ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Payroll taxes paid for stock-based compensation ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Deferred taxes Tax receivable agreement liability adjustment Other (income) loss, net ) (Increase) decrease in operating assets: Receivable from/payable to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations, net Deposits with clearing organizations ) ) Accounts receivable ) ) Receivable and due from affiliates/payable and due to affiliates, net ) Other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: Securities sold under agreements to repurchase ) Accrued compensation ) Deferred revenue Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Cash paid for foreign currency call option, net of sale proceeds ) Cash paid for investments ) Purchases of furniture, equipment, software and leasehold improvements ) ) Capitalized software development costs ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Share repurchases pursuant to share repurchase programs ) ) Proceeds from stock-based compensation exercises Dividends ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Payroll taxes paid for stock-based compensation ) ) Payments on tax receivable agreement liability ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period End of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

13 

Table of Contents 

Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - (Continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Income taxes paid, net of (refunds) Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities Issuance of common stock for business acquisitions Furniture, equipment, software and leasehold improvement additions included in accounts payable Unsettled share repurchases included in other liabilities Withholding taxes payable relating to stock-based compensation settlements included in accrued compensation Items arising from LLC Interest ownership changes: Establishment of liabilities under tax receivable agreement Deferred tax asset ) September 30, December 31, Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as shown on the statements of financial condition: 2024 2023 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 Page 
 Note 1 
 Organization 
 16 
 Note 2 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 19 
 Note 3 
 Restricted Cash 
 27 
 Note 4 
 Acquisitions 
 27 
 Note 5 
 Revenue 
 29 
 Note 6 
 Income Taxes 
 31 
 Note 7 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 32 
 Note 8 
 Non-Controlling Interests 
 33 
 Note 9 
 Stockholders Equity and Stock-Based Compensation Plans 
 33 
 Note 10 
 Related Party Transactions 
 37 
 Note 1 1 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 38 
 Note 1 2 
 Credit Risk 
 41 
 Note 1 3 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 42 
 Note 1 4 
 Earnings Per Share 
 44 
 Note 1 5 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 45 
 Note 1 6 
 Business Segment and Geographic Information 
 46 
 Note 1 7 
 Subsequent Events 
 47 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Tradeweb Markets Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 1. 
 of TWM LLC and the non-controlling interest holders owned the remaining of TWM LLC. References to LLC Interests held by Tradeweb Markets Inc. and comparable terminology refer to LLC Interests held by Tradeweb Markets Inc. directly as well as indirectly through direct, wholly-owned subsidiaries of Tradeweb Markets Inc. (which are holding companies with no independent operations). 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the Company refer to Tradeweb Markets Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including TWM LLC, following the completion of the Reorganization Transactions, and TWM LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the completion of the Reorganization Transactions. 
 The Company is a leader in building and operating electronic marketplaces for a global network of clients across the institutional, wholesale, retail and corporates client sectors. The Company s principal subsidiaries include: 
 Tradeweb LLC TWL ), a registered broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), a member of the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board MSRB ), a registered independent introducing broker with the Commodities Future Trading Commission CFTC and a member of the National Futures Association NFA ). 
 Dealerweb Inc. DW (formerly known as Hilliard Farber Co., Inc.), a registered broker-dealer under the Exchange Act and a member of FINRA and MSRB. DW is also registered as an introducing broker with the CFTC and a member of the NFA. 
 Tradeweb Direct LLC TWD (formerly known as BondDesk Trading LLC), a registered broker-dealer under the Exchange Act and a member of FINRA and MSRB. 
 Institutional Cash Distributors, LLC ICDLC ), acquired on August 1, 2024, a registered broker-dealer and introducing broker under the Exchange Act and a member of FINRA. 
 Tradeweb Europe Limited TEL ), a MiFID Investment Firm regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA in the UK, and certain other global regulators, that maintains branches in Asia. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 17 

Table of Contents 

 per share, of the Corporation (the Class A common stock or Class B common stock, par value per share, of the Corporation (the Class B common stock ), as the case may be, on a -for-one basis. 
 As used herein, references to Continuing LLC Owners refer collectively to (i) those owners of TWM LLC prior to the Reorganization Transactions (the Original LLC Owners ), including an indirect subsidiary of Refinitiv, certain investment and commercial banks (collectively, the Bank Stockholders ), and members of management, that continued to own LLC Interests after the completion of the IPO and Reorganization Transactions and that received shares of Class C common stock, par value per share, of the Corporation (the Class C common stock ), shares of Class D common stock, par value per share, of the Corporation (the Class D common stock or a combination of both, as the case may be, in connection with the completion of the Reorganization Transactions, (ii) any subsequent transferee of any Original LLC Owner that has executed a joinder agreement to the TWM LLC Agreement and (iii) solely with respect to the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined in Note 7 Tax Receivable Agreement), (x) those Original LLC Owners, including certain of the Bank Stockholders, that disposed of all of their LLC Interests for cash in connection with the IPO and (y) any party that has executed a joinder agreement to the Tax Receivable Agreement in accordance with the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 As of September 30, 2024: 
 The public investors collectively owned shares of Class A common stock, representing of the combined voting power of Tradeweb Markets Inc. s issued and outstanding common stock and indirectly, through Tradeweb Markets Inc., owned of the economic interest in TWM LLC; 
 Refinitiv collectively owned shares of Class B common stock, shares of Class C common stock and shares of Class D common stock, representing of the combined voting power of Tradeweb Markets Inc. s issued and outstanding common stock and directly and indirectly, through Tradeweb Markets Inc., owned of the economic interest in TWM LLC; and 
 Other stockholders that continued to own LLC Interests also collectively owned shares of Class D common stock, representing less than of the combined voting power of Tradeweb Markets Inc. s issued and outstanding common stock. Collectively, these stockholders directly owned less than of the economic interest in TWM LLC. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, of weighted average shares resulting from unvested or unsettled vested stock awards that were considered participating securities for purposes of calculating earnings per share in accordance with the two - class method. The Company s diluted earnings per share calculations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 also include and , respectively, of weighted average shares resulting from the dilutive effect of its equity incentive plans. See Note 14 Earnings Per Share for additional details. 
 
 2. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

See Note 12 Credit Risk for additional information. 
 
 . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the estimated useful lives of the leasehold improvements or the remaining term of the lease for office space. 
 Furniture, equipment, purchased software and leasehold improvements are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset s carrying value may not be fully recoverable. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, accumulated depreciation related to furniture, equipment, purchased software and leasehold improvements totaled million and million, respectively. Depreciation expense for furniture, equipment, purchased software and leasehold improvements was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 . Software development costs acquired as part of the ICD Acquisition are amortized over , software development costs acquired as part of the r8fin Acquisition are amortized over and software development costs acquired as part of the Yieldbroker Acquisition and NFI Acquisition were both amortized over . Costs capitalized as part of the Refinitiv Transaction pushdown accounting allocation are amortized over . The Company reviews the amounts capitalized for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets may not be fully recoverable, or that their useful lives are shorter than originally expected. Non-capitalized software costs and routine maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, accumulated amortization related to software development costs totaled million and million, respectively. Amortization expense for software development costs was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing purposes. An impairment loss is recognized if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its net book value. Such loss is calculated as the difference between the estimated fair value of goodwill and its carrying value. 
 Goodwill was last tested for impairment on October 1, 2023 and impairment of goodwill was identified. 
 . These intangible assets subject to amortization are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset s or asset group s carrying value may not be fully recoverable. Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are tested for impairment at least annually. An impairment loss is recognized if the sum of the estimated discounted cash flows relating to the asset or asset group is less than the corresponding book value. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, accumulated amortization related to intangible assets totaled million and million, respectively. Amortization expense for definite-lived intangible assets was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 offering costs were incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 See Note 5 Revenue for additional details regarding revenue types and the Company s policies regarding revenue recognition. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million loss and a million gain during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and realized and unrealized losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled million and million, respectively. Since the condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, the Company also translates all non-U.S. dollar functional currency revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars. All non-U.S. dollar functional currency revenue and expense amounts are translated into U.S. dollars monthly at the average exchange rate for the month. All non-U.S. dollar functional currency assets and liabilities are translated at the rate prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Gains or losses on translation in the financial statements, when the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, are included as a component of other comprehensive income. 
 million loss and a million gain, respectively and realized and unrealized gains on foreign currency forward contracts during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled million and million, respectively. Realized and unrealized losses on the foreign currency call option on Australian dollars during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 totaled million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , the counterparty on each of the foreign exchange derivative contracts was an affiliate of LSEG See Note 11 Fair Value of Financial Instruments for additional details on the Company s derivative instruments. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

24 

Table of Contents 

 25 

Table of Contents 

 million Canton Coins, which may only be transferred to other approved participants on the Canton Network and there is no public market for Canton Coins. The fair market value of the Canton Coins held as of September 30, 2024 is not material to the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. The Company expects to receive additional Canton Coins as it continues to provide services as a Validator and a Super Validator. 
 In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures ASU 2023-07 ). The ASU expands public entities segment disclosures by requiring disclosure of significant segment expenses that are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker CODM and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss, an amount and description of its composition for other segment items and interim disclosures of a reportable segment s profit or loss and assets. The ASU also allows, in addition to the measure that is most consistent with U.S. GAAP, the disclosure of additional measures of segment profit or loss that are used by the CODM in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. The ASU also requires the disclosure of the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. All disclosure requirements under ASU 2023-07 and existing segment disclosures in ASC 280, Segment Reporting are also required for public entities with a single reportable segment. The ASU is effective for the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, and subsequent interim periods, with early adoption permitted. The ASU is to be applied retrospectively to all periods presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this ASU on its consolidated financial statements. 
 In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions ASU 2022-03 ), which clarifies that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value and that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction. ASU 2022-03 also requires the disclosure of the fair value, as reflected in the statement of financial condition, of equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions and the nature and the disclosure of the remaining duration of those restrictions. On January 1, 2024, the Company adopted ASU 2022-03 on a prospective basis, which resulted in additional disclosures regarding contractual sale restrictions on investments, as disclosed in Note 11 Fair Value of Financial Instruments and did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Recent SEC Final Rules 
 In March 2024, the SEC adopted final rules under SEC Release No. 34-99678, The Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related Disclosures for Investors (the Final Climate Rules ), which requires registrants to disclose certain climate-related information in their registration statements and annual reports. The Final Climate Rules require disclosure of, among other things, material climate-related risks and their impact; activities to mitigate or adapt to material climate-related risks; governance and oversight of climate-related risks; material climate-related targets or goals and their financial impact; and material Scope 1 and/or Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions with an accompanying assurance report required following an initial transition period, at limited assurance level, and then following an additional transition period, at a reasonable assurance level. Additionally, under the Final Climate Rules, the effects of severe weather events and other natural conditions, subject to certain thresholds, and amounts related to carbon offsets and renewable energy credits or certificates are required to be disclosed in the notes to the audited financial statements in certain circumstances. 
 On April 4, 2024, the SEC voluntarily stayed the implementation of the Final Climate Rules pending completion of judicial review of the consolidated challenges to the Final Climate Rules by the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. The Final Climate Rules, as originally issued, would be effective for the Company in various fiscal years, starting with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2025. Disclosures pursuant to the Final Climate Rules, as originally issued, would be required prospectively, with information for prior periods required only to the extent it was previously disclosed in an SEC filing. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the Final Climate Rules on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 million, has been segregated in the PAB reserve account, exceeding the requirements pursuant to SEC Rule 15c3-3. 
 
 4. 
 million in cash, subject to customary working capital and other adjustments, for the acquisition. In connection with the acquisition closing, the Corporation was also required to issue and sell million of shares of its Class A common stock in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, to an equityholder of the ICD seller, who was also an employee of ICD and is currently an employee of the Company, which such shares of Class A common stock were issued and sold as restricted stock (such shares of restricted stock, the RSAs ), subject to vesting and forfeiture terms, pursuant to the Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. 
 The total purchase consideration for the ICD business combination, net of cash acquired, was million. The RSAs issued at closing, had a fair market value of million as of the acquisition date, and will cliff vest at the end of a service period. Of the million in RSAs issued, million was allocated to consideration transferred for the business combination, relating to the pre-combination service period completed before the acquisition date, and million will be amortized into stock-based compensation expense over the service period required subsequent to the acquisition date. 
 Cash paid at closing, net of million in cash acquired and net of the proceeds from the million sale RSAs, totaled million. Of this amount, million was determined to be the net cash consideration transferred for the business combination, million was recorded as compensation expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, related to the acceleration of vesting on the acquisition date of previously unvested stock awards issued by the ICD seller, and million was recorded as a prepaid asset, to be recognized as compensation expense over a required service period, relating to sale proceeds held in escrow for certain key executives, who are required to remain employed by the Company during that service period in order to receive the escrow portion of their sale proceeds. 
 ICD is an institutional investment technology provider for corporate treasury organizations trading short-term investments and with the acquisition of ICD and its proprietary technology, the Company has added a new client channel, corporates , serving corporate treasury professionals, complementing the Company s existing focus on institutional, wholesale and retail clients. 
 r8fin 
 On January 19, 2024, the Company completed its acquisition of r8fin in exchange for total consideration of million, consisting of million in cash paid at closing (net of cash acquired) and the issuance of shares of Class A common stock of the Corporation valued as of the acquisition date at million. 
 r8fin provides a suite of algorithmic-based tools as well as a thin-client execution management system (EMS) trading application to facilitate futures and cash trades. The solutions complement Tradeweb s existing Dealerweb Active Streams, Dealerweb Central Limit Order Book (CLOB), Tradeweb Request-for-Quote (RFQ) and Tradeweb AiEX (Automated Intelligent Execution) offerings. 
 Business Combinations 
 The ICD and r8fin acquisitions were accounted for as business combinations and the Company utilized the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist to determine the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the closing of each respective acquisition. The fair values were determined based on assumptions that reasonable market participants would use in the principal (or most advantageous) market and primarily included significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). 
 Customer relationships were valued using the income approach, specifically a multi-period excess earnings method. The excess earnings method examines the economic returns contributed by the identified tangible and intangible assets of a company, and then examines the excess return that is attributable to the intangible asset being valued. The discount rate used reflects the amount of risk associated with the hypothetical cash flows for the customer relationships relative to the overall business. In developing a 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Deposits with clearing organizations Accounts receivable Equipment Lease right-of-use assets Software development costs Goodwill Intangible assets - Customer relationships Intangible assets - Tradename Other assets Accrued compensation ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) ) Lease liabilities ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total purchase consideration - cash paid and stock issued Less: Cash acquired ) ) ) Purchase consideration, net of cash acquired 
 The primary areas of the preliminary purchase price allocation for ICD that were not yet finalized as of September 30, 2024 related primarily to the valuation of the identifiable intangible assets, software and deferred taxes and the finalization of working capital adjustments. The allocation of the purchase price will be finalized upon completion of the analysis of the acquired assets within one year of the date of the closing of the ICD Acquisition. 
 
 The acquired software development costs will be amortized over a useful life of for ICD and for r8fin, customer relationships will be amortized over a useful life of years for ICD and years for r8fin and the acquired ICD trade name will be amortized over a useful life of . The goodwill recognized in connection with the ICD and r8fin acquisitions is primarily attributable to the acquisition of expected future customers, future technology and synergies from the integration of the operations of the acquisitions into the Company's operations and its single business segment. Approximately million of the goodwill recognized in connection with the ICD Acquisition and all of the goodwill recognized in connection with the r8fin Acquisition is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million, million, million and million respectively, in transaction costs incurred to effect the ICD and r8fin acquisitions, which are included as a component of professional fees in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company also recognized 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, in transaction costs incurred to effect the ICD and r8fin acquisitions, which are included as a component of general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 
 From the date of the ICD Acquisition through September 30, 2024, ICD revenues of million and an operating loss of million, including million of depreciation and amortization from acquired assets, were included in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The r8fin Acquisition was not material to the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements and therefore pro forma and current period results of this acquisition have not been presented. 
 
 Supplemental Pro Forma Information (Unaudited) 
 
 The financial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of operations of Tradeweb Markets Inc. and ICD, on a pro forma basis, as though the companies had been combined as of the beginning of the comparative period presented, which is January 1, 2023. The unaudited supplemental pro forma information is presented for informational purposes only and is not indicative of the actual results of operations that would have been achieved if the ICD Acquisition had taken place on January 1, 2023 or of future results. Such unaudited pro forma financial information is based on the historical financial statements of Tradeweb Markets Inc. and ICD. The unaudited pro forma financial information is based on estimates and assumptions that have been made solely for the purpose of developing such unaudited pro forma information, including, without limitation, purchase accounting adjustments, acquisition related transaction costs, the removal of historical ICD interest expense and intangible asset amortization and the addition of intangible asset amortization and incremental stock-based compensation expense related to this acquisition, together with their consequential tax effects. The pro forma adjustments are based upon currently available information and certain assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable under the circumstances. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not reflect any anticipated synergies or operating cost reductions that may be achieved from integrating ICD into the rest of the Company. 
 Operating income Net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. 
 
 5. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Subscription fees LSEG market data fees Other Total revenue 
 Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) Variable 
 Fixed 
 Variable 
 Fixed 
 Revenues Transaction fees and commissions Subscription fees LSEG market data fees Other Total revenue 
 30 

Table of Contents 

New billings Revenue recognized ) Deferred revenue acquired in connection with acquisitions Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes Deferred revenue balance - September 30, 2024 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized into revenue million in deferred revenue that was deferred as of December 31, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized into revenue million in deferred revenue that was deferred as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 6. 
 an d , respectively. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to state, local and foreign taxes and the disallowance of compensation expense tax deductions, partially offset by the effect of non-controlling interests and the Foreign-Derived Intangible Income FDII deduction. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to the return-to-provision adjustment and the effect of non-controlling interests, partially offset by the effect of state, local and foreign taxes. 
 The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was approximately an d , respectively. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to state, local and foreign taxes and the disallowance of compensation expense tax deductions, partially offset by the effect of non-controlling interests and the FDII deduction. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to state, local and foreign taxes, partially offset by the effect of non-controlling interests, the exercise of equity compensation and the return-to-provision adjustment. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 of the amount of U.S. federal, state and local income or franchise tax savings, if any, that the Corporation actually realizes (or in some circumstances are deemed to realize) as a result of certain future tax benefits to which the Corporation may become entitled. The Corporation expects to benefit from the remaining of tax benefits, if any, that the Corporation may actually realize. See Note 7 Tax Receivable Agreement for further details. The tax benefit has been recognized in deferred tax assets on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 In connection with the Reorganization Transactions, a Refinitiv entity was contributed to the Corporation, pursuant to which the Corporation received LLC Interests and Refinitiv received shares of Class B common stock Refinitiv Contribution ). As a result of the Refinitiv Contribution, the Company assumed the tax liabilities of the contributed entity and the Company was indemnified by Refinitiv for these tax liabilities assumed. During the second quarter of 2023, the contributed entity reached an audit settlement with the State of New Jersey for the tax years 2008 - 2015 and in the third quarter of 2023 paid million in full settlement of the matter and the prior liabilities assumed. In the third quarter of 2023, Refinitiv reimbursed the Company for the million paid to the State of New Jersey pursuant to the indemnification agreement. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were remaining tax liabilities accrued associated with the Refinitiv Contribution. 
 
 7. 
 of the amount of U.S. federal, state and local income or franchise tax savings, if any, that the Corporation actually realizes (or in some circumstances is deemed to realize) as a result of (i) increases in the tax basis of TWM LLC s assets resulting from (a) the purchase of LLC Interests from a Continuing LLC Owner, including with the net proceeds from the IPO and any subsequent offerings or (b) redemptions or exchanges by a Continuing LLC Owner of LLC Interests for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock or for cash, as applicable, and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to the Corporation making payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are due within 150 days after the filing of the tax return based on the actual tax savings realized by the Corporation, estimated payments may be made in advance. The first payment of the Tax Receivable Agreement was made in January 2021. Substantially all payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement are payable over following the purchase of LLC Interests from Continuing LLC Owners or redemption or exchanges by Continuing LLC Owners of LLC Interests. 
 The Corporation accounts for the income tax effects resulting from taxable redemptions or exchanges of LLC Interests by Continuing LLC Owners for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock or cash, as the case may be, and purchases by the Corporation of LLC Interests from Continuing LLC Owners by recognizing an increase in deferred tax assets, based on enacted tax rates at the date of each redemption, exchange, or purchase, as the case may be. Further, the Corporation evaluates the likelihood that it will realize the benefit represented by the deferred tax asset, and, to the extent that the Corporation estimates that it is more likely than not that it will not realize the benefit, it reduces the carrying amount of the deferred tax asset with a valuation allowance. 
 million and million, respectively. During each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a tax receivable agreement liability adjustment of million of expense in the condensed consolidated statements of income due to changes in the tax receivable agreement liability recorded in the condensed consolidated statement of financial condition as a result of changes in the mix of earnings in connection with the acquisition of ICD, which impacted the Company s estimated future tax savings. There was tax receivable agreement liability adjustment recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 Number of LLC Interests held by non-controlling interests Total LLC Interests outstanding 
 LLC Interests held by Continuing LLC Owners are redeemable in accordance with the TWM LLC Agreement, at the election of such holders, for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable, on a -for-one basis or, at the Company s option, a cash payment in accordance with the terms of the TWM LLC Agreement. 
 Transfers (to) from non-controlling interests: Increase/(decrease) in Tradeweb Markets Inc. s additional paid-in capital as a result of ownership changes in TWM LLC ) ) ) Net transfers (to) from non-controlling interests ) ) ) Change from net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. and transfers (to) from non-controlling interests 

9. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Issuance of common stock for business acquisitions (1) 
 Balance at March 31, 2024 Activities related to exchanges of LLC Interests ) Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Balance at June 30, 2024 Activities related to exchanges of LLC Interests ) Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Issuance of common stock for business acquisitions (2) 
 Share repurchases pursuant to share repurchase programs ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 (1) On January 19, 2024, the Corporation issued unregistered shares of Class A common stock as partial consideration for the r8fin Acquisition (the r8fin Acquisition Shares ), in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The r8fin Acquisition Shares are considered issued and outstanding subsequent to their January 19, 2024 issuance, but remain subject to a lock-up that restricts the sale, transfer or disposal of these shares for the two year period following the January 19, 2024 acquisition date of the r8fin Acquisition. See Note 4 Acquisitions for additional details on this acquisition. 
 (2) On August 1, 2024, the Corporation issued and sold unregistered shares of Class A common stock in connection with the closing of the ICD Acquisition, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. These shares of Class A common stock (or RSAs were issued and sold as restricted stock, subject to vesting and forfeiture terms, pursuant to the Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. Although the RSAs and dividends payable on the RSAs during the vesting period are subject to a cliff vesting service requirement and forfeiture terms, they are considered issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock subsequent to their August 1, 2024 issuance. TWM LLC will issue corresponding LLC Interests to the Corporation only if, when and to the extent the RSAs vest. See Note 4 Acquisitions for additional details on this acquisition. 
 
 Class A Class B Class C Class D Total Balance at December 31, 2022 Activities related to exchanges of LLC Interests ) Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Share repurchases pursuant to share repurchase programs ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 Activities related to exchanges of LLC Interests ) ) Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Share repurchases pursuant to share repurchase programs ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 Issuance of common stock from equity incentive plans Share repurchases pursuant to share repurchase programs ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 new shares of Class A common stock to employees, officers and non-employee directors. Under this plan, the Company may grant awards in respect of shares of Class A common stock, including restricted stock units RSUs and restricted stock awards with only time-based vesting conditions, performance-based restricted stock units with both time and performance-based vesting conditions, stock options and dividend equivalent rights. The Company refers to performance-based restricted stock units that vest based on the financial performance of the Company as PRSUs and performance-based restricted stock units that vest based on market conditions, such as total shareholder return, as PSUs . RSUs, PRSUs and PSUs each represent promises to issue actual shares of Class A common stock at the end of a vesting period. Stock options have a maximum contractual term of years. 
 In connection with organizational changes, on June 17, 2024, the Company determined that the employment of Thomas Pluta, President of the Company, would terminate effective September 30, 2024. In connection with the termination of his employment, Mr. Pluta also resigned from the Board of Directors of the Company effective September 30, 2024. As of June 17, 2024, there was approximately million in total unamortized stock-based compensation associated with equity awards previously granted to Mr. Pluta that was accelerated and amortized into expense over a revised estimated service period ending on September 30, 2024. Of this amount, million represented regularly scheduled amortization that would have been recognized from June 17, 2024 through September 30, 2024 if Mr. Pluta s employment was not terminated and million represented accelerated stock-based compensation expense. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred a total of million and million, respectively in accelerated stock-based compensation expense relating to Mr. Pluta s departure . 
 In connection with the closing of the ICD Acquisition, on August 1, 2024, the Corporation issued and sold RSAs with a grant date fair value of per share. The RSAs will cliff vest at the end of a service period. Of the million in RSAs issued, million was allocated to consideration transferred for the business combination, relating to the pre-combination service period completed before the acquisition date, and million will be amortized into stock-based compensation expense over the service period required subsequent to the acquisition date. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted RSUs at a weighted-average grant-date fair value of . PRSUs or PSUs were granted during the three months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted RSUs, PRSUs and PSUs at a weighted-average grant-date fair value of , and , respectively. 
 RSU awards granted to employees will generally vest one-third each year over a period, and RSU awards granted to non-employee directors will vest after . 
 PRSUs generally cliff vest on January 1 of the third calendar year from the calendar year of the date of grant and the number of shares a participant will receive upon vesting is determined by a performance modifier, which is adjusted as a result of the financial performance of the Company. For PRSU awards granted during 2024, the financial performance of the Company will be determined based on the compound annual growth rate over a performance period beginning on January 1 in the year of grant. For PRSU awards granted during 2023 and prior, the financial performance of the Company was determined based on the financial performance of the Company in the grant year, and any earned awards that remain outstanding are subject to time-based vesting conditions. The performance modifier for PRSUs can vary between (minimum) and (maximum) of the target award amount for PRSU awards granted during 2024 and 2023. PRSUs granted during 2022 and prior had a maximum performance modifier. 
 PSUs cliff vest on January 1 of the third calendar year from the calendar year of the date of grant and the number of shares a participant will receive upon vesting is determined by a performance modifier, which is adjusted as a result of the Company s total shareholder return over a performance period. The performance modifier for PSUs can vary between (minimum) and (maximum) of the target award amount. 
 Annualized Volatility Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 35 

Table of Contents 

The stock-based compensation expense above excludes million and million of stock-based compensation expense capitalized to software development costs during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On December 5, 2022, the Company announced that its board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the 2022 Share Repurchase Program ), after completing in October 2022, the million of total repurchases of the Company s Class A common stock previously authorized in February 2021 (the 2021 Share Repurchase Program ). The 2022 Share Repurchase Program was authorized to continue to offset annual dilution from stock-based compensation plans, as well as to opportunistically repurchase the Company s Class A common stock. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program authorizes the purchase of up to million of the Company s Class A common stock at the Company s discretion and has no termination date. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program can be effected through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1), through privately negotiated transactions or through accelerated share repurchases, each in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The amounts, timing and manner of the repurchases will be subject to general market conditions, the prevailing price and trading volumes of the Company s Class A common stock and other factors. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program does not require the Company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company acquired a total of and shares of Class A common stock at an average price of and for purchases totaling million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company acquired a total of and shares of Class A common stock at an average price of and for purchases totaling million and million, respectively. 
 Each share of Class A common stock repurchased pursuant to the share repurchase programs was funded with the proceeds, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, from the repurchase by Tradeweb Markets LLC of an LLC Interest directly from the Corporation in order to maintain (subject to certain exceptions) the -to-one ratio between outstanding shares of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock and the LLC Interests owned by the Corporation. Subsequent to their repurchase, the shares of Class A common stock and the LLC Interests were all cancelled and retired. As of September 30, 2024, a total of million remained available for repurchase pursuant to the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. 
 For shares repurchased pursuant to share repurchase programs, the excess of the repurchase price paid over the par value of the Class A common stock is recorded as a reduction to retained earnings. 
 Other Share Repurchases 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company withheld and shares, respectively, of Class A common stock from employee stock option, PRSU and RSU awards, at an average price per share of and , respectively, and an aggregate value of million and million, respectively, based on the price of the Class A common stock on the date the relevant withholding occurred. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company withheld and shares, respectively, of Class A common stock from employee stock option, PRSU and RSU awards, at an average price per share of and , respectively, and an aggregate value of million and million, respectively, based on the price of the Class A common stock on the date the relevant withholding occurred. These shares are withheld in order for the Company to cover the employee payroll tax withholding obligations upon the exercise of stock options and settlement of RSUs and PRSUs and such shares were not withheld in connection with the share repurchase programs discussed above. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 Receivable and due from affiliates Other assets Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Deferred revenue Payable and due to affiliates 
 The following balances with such affiliates were included in the condensed consolidated statements of income in the following line items: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Revenue: Subscription fees LSEG market data fees (1) 
 Other fees Expenses: (2) 
 Employee compensation and benefits Technology and communications General and administrative Professional fees Occupancy 
 (1) The Company maintains a market data license agreement with an affiliate of LSEG (Refinitiv, which was rebranded as LSEG Data Analytics during the fourth quarter of 2023). Under the agreement, the Company delivers to LSEG certain market data feeds which LSEG distributes to its customers. The Company earns license fees and royalties for these feeds. 
 (2) The Company maintains agreements with LSEG to provide the Company with certain market data, office space, finance, human resources and other administrative services. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 Other assets Investment in available for sale debt securities Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Payable and due to affiliates Foreign exchange derivative contracts Total liabilities measured at fair value As of December 31, 2023 Assets Cash equivalents Money market funds and other highly liquid investments Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Payable and due to affiliates Foreign exchange derivative contracts 
 Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 Cash Equivalents 
 The Company s cash equivalents are classified within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices in active markets. 
 Investments in Available-for-Sale Debt Securities 
 In April 2024, the Company made an investment in a convertible note with a principal amount and original amortized cost basis of million. The note accrues interest at a rate of per annum, compounded annually, and matures on the earliest to occur of January 19, 2027, an event of default or a change in control as each term is defined in the convertible note. The note and accrued interest will convert to equity securities of the issuer on January 19, 2027, if not previously repaid or converted upon certain defined financing events. The convertible note is accounted for as an available-for-sale debt security and the convertible note and accrued interest is included within other assets on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of financial condition at a fair value and amortized cost basis of million as of September 30, 2024. There were fair value adjustments or credit losses recorded on the convertible note during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . The convertible note is classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because the valuation requires assumptions that are both significant and unobservable. The primary methods used to estimate the fair value of the convertible note were a discounted cash flow analysis and a probability-weighted expected return model which incorporated the credit risk of the issuer and scenarios in which the note would convert into equity, the estimated equity value of the issuer and the conversion terms outlined in the convertible note agreement. Significant unobservable inputs included a discount rate of . Significant increases or decreases in the discount rate would have resulted in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 million million U.S. dollars as translated as of June 30, 2023), in order to partially mitigate the Company s U.S. dollar versus Australian dollar foreign exchange exposure on the then anticipated payment of the Australian dollar denominated purchase price for the Yieldbroker acquisition. The valuations for the Company s foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency call option are primarily based on the difference between the exchange rate associated with the contract and the exchange rate at the current period end for the tenor of the contract. Foreign currency forward contracts and the foreign currency call option are categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the counterparty on each of these foreign exchange derivative contracts was an affiliate of LSEG and therefore the corresponding assets or liabilities on such contracts were included in receivable and due from affiliates or payable and due to affiliates, respectively, on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 
 The Company s foreign exchange derivative contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes and changes in the fair value of these contracts during the period are recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of income.) Foreign currency call option contract not designated in accounting hedge relationship Other income/(loss) (1) 
 ) ) 
 million. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Receivable from brokers and dealers and clearing organizations Deposits with clearing organizations Accounts receivable Other assets Memberships in clearing organizations 
 Total Liabilities Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 Payable to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations Total As of December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and restricted cash Receivable from brokers and dealers and clearing organizations Deposits with clearing organizations Accounts receivable Other assets Memberships in clearing organizations 
 Total Liabilities Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (1) 
 Payable to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations Total 
 (1) As of December 31, 2023, Treasury securities with a fair value of million collateralized the securities sold under agreements to repurchase liability. The liability amounts presented represent the gross liability and are not offset on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. The securities sold under agreements to repurchase liability were subsequently settled on January 2, 2024. 
 The carrying value of financial instruments not measured at fair value classified within level 1 or level 2 of the fair value hierarchy approximates fair value because of the relatively short term nature of the underlying assets or liabilities. The memberships in clearing organizations, which are included in other assets on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition, are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because the valuation requires assumptions that are both significant and unobservable. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These equity investments are subject to general contractual sale restrictions that prohibit the transfer or sale of the investment without prior consent of the investee. 
 
 12. 
 million receivable and a million payable from/to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations related to failed settlement transactions and the Company self-funded the remaining million difference between the fail to deliver and fail to receive. All of the above failed settlement transactions outstanding as of September 30, 2024 were fully settled during October 2024. 
 Additionally, in the normal course of business, the Company, as an introducing broker, executes transactions on behalf of or with customers of the Company, which are cleared by a clearing broker. As between the Company and the clearing broker, the Company is responsible for losses that may result from the clearing broker s rejection, reversal or cancellation of a transaction. If there are temporary errors or delays in the processing or settlement of transactions, the clearing broker may require, usually with two business days notice, that the Company provide cash deposits until the errors are resolved. 
 A substantial number of the Company s transactions are collateralized and executed with, and on behalf of, a limited number of broker-dealers. The Company s exposure to credit risk associated with the nonperformance of these clients in fulfilling their contractual obligations pursuant to securities transactions can be directly impacted by volatile trading markets which may impair the clients ability to satisfy their obligations to the Company. 
 The Company does not expect nonperformance by counterparties in the above situations. However, the Company s policy is to monitor its market exposure and counterparty risk. In addition, the Company has a policy of reviewing, as considered necessary, the credit standing of each counterparty with which it conducts business. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, credit loss expense was and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, recoveries resulted in a reversal of credit loss expenses totaling , and, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, credit loss expense was . 
 
 13. 
 consolidated antitrust class actions relating to trading practices in United States Treasury securities auctions. The cases were dismissed in March 2021, with the Court granting the Plaintiffs leave to further amend the complaint by no later than May 14, 2021. The plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on or about May 14, 2021, and the Company moved to dismiss the amended complaint on June 14, 2021. By order dated March 31, 2022, the Court granted the Company s motion and dismissed all of the claims against it in the amended complaint. The Court also denied the plaintiffs request for leave to file a further amended complaint. On April 28, 2022, the Plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal of the decision and filed their opening brief on the appeal in the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit on August 18, 2022. The Company filed its brief in response on November 17, 2022. Plaintiffs filed their brief in reply in further support of their appeal on December 14, 2022. Oral argument in the appeal was held on October 3, 2023, and by order and opinion issued on February 1, 2024, the Second Circuit affirmed the District Court s order dismissing all claims against all defendants, including the claims against the Company. All deadlines for any further avenues of appeal have expired and the Company considers the matter closed. 
 Additionally, the Company was dismissed from a cla ss action relating to an interest rate swaps matter in 2017, but that matter continues against the remaining defendant financial institutions with respect to the case brought by certain swap execution facilities. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 , million unsecured revolving credit facility (the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility with a syndicate of banks, which replaced its million secured credit facility entered into on April 8, 2019 (the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility ). The 2019 Revolving Credit Facility was scheduled to mature in April 2024, but was terminated on November 21, 2023 in conjunction with entering into the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility. There were outstanding borrowings under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility at the time of termination and penalties were due or owing and penalties were required to be paid as a result of the termination. 
 The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility provides borrowing capacity to be used to fund ongoing working capital needs, letters of credit and for general corporate purposes, including potential future acquisitions and expansions. Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, the Company is able to increase the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility by million with the consent of the lenders participating in the increase. Borrowings under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility may be, at the option of the Company, in US Dollars, Euros or Sterling. The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility also provides for the issuance of up to million of letters of credit as well as borrowings on same-day notice, referred to as swingline loans, in an amount of up to million. On November 21, 2023, the closing date, the million letters of credit outstanding under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility were rolled over under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility. The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility will mature on November 21, 2028. 
 Borrowings under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to, at the Company s option, either (a) a base rate equal to the greatest of (i) the administrative agent s prime rate, (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus of 1.00 and (iii) one month Term SOFR plus plus a credit adjustment spread of , in each case plus a margin based on the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio ranging from to , or (b) a rate equal to (i) in the case of borrowings in US Dollars, Term SOFR plus a credit adjustment spread of , subject to a floor, (ii) in the case of borrowings in Sterling, SONIA subject to a floor, and (iii) in the case of borrowings in Euros, EURIBOR, subject to a floor, in each case plus a margin based on the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio ranging from to . The agreement that governs the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility also includes a commitment fee of for available but unborrowed amounts and other administrative fees that are payable quarterly. Financial covenant requirements include maintaining minimum ratios related to interest coverage and leverage. 
 As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were million in letters of credit issued under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility and borrowings outstanding. 
 Leases 
 The Company has operating leases for corporate offices and data centers with initial lease terms ranging from one to years. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less imputed interest ) Lease liability 
 million of future minimum lease payments for a lease signed but not yet commenced as of September 30, 2024. This lease, for the Company s New York City corporate office, is expected to commence in mid-2025 and has an expected initial lease term of approximately years. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 Less: Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock - Basic and Diluted Denominator: Weighted average shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding - Basic Dilutive effect of PRSUs Dilutive effect of options Dilutive effect of RSUs and RSAs Dilutive effect of PSUs Weighted average shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding - Diluted Earnings per share - Basic Earnings per share - Diluted 
 (1) During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there was a total of and , respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there was a total of and , respectively, weighted average unvested or unsettled vested stock awards that were considered a participating security for purposes of calculating earnings per share in accordance with the two-class method. 
 LLC Interests held by Continuing LLC Owners are redeemable in accordance with the TWM LLC Agreement, at the election of such holders, for shares of Class A or Class B common stock, as applicable, of Tradeweb Markets Inc. The potential dilutive effect of LLC Interests held by Continuing LLC Owners are evaluated under the if-converted method. The potential dilutive effect of PRSUs, shares underlying options, RSUs, RSAs and PSUs are evaluated under the treasury stock method. 
 Options RSUs and RSAs PSUs LLC Interests Shares of Class C and Class D common stock do not have economic rights in Tradeweb Markets Inc. and, therefore, are not included in the calculation of basic earnings per share and are not participating securities for purposes of the computation of diluted earnings per share. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 
 DW TWD TEL TWJ TWEU TESL TESBV YB TDIFC ICDLC ICDLT ICDEU 
 As SEFs, TW SEF and DW SEF are required to maintain adequate financial resources and liquid financial assets in accordance with CFTC regulations. 
 DW SEF 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Liquid Financial Assets Required Liquid Financial Assets Excess Liquid Financial Assets Liquid Financial Assets Required Liquid Financial Assets Excess Liquid Financial Assets (dollars in thousands) TW SEF DW SEF 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 16. 
 Wholesale Retail Corporates Market Data Total revenue Operating expenses 
 Operating income 
 
 The Company operates in the U.S. and internationally, primarily in the Europe, Asia and Australia regions. Revenues are attributed to geographic area based on the jurisdiction where the underlying transactions take place. The results by geographic region are not meaningful in understanding the Company s business. Long-lived assets are attributed to the geographic area based on the location of the particular subsidiary. 
 International Total revenue 
 The following table provides information on the attribution of long-lived assets by geographic area: 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Long-lived assets U.S. International Total 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 17. 
 per share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock for the fourth quarter of 2024. This dividend will be payable on December 16, 2024 to stockholders of record as of December 2, 2024. 
 On October 30, 2024, Tradeweb Markets Inc., as the sole manager, approved a distribution by TWM LLC to its equityholders, including Tradeweb Markets Inc., in an aggregate amount of million, as adjusted by required state and local tax withholdings that will be determined prior to the record date of December 2, 2024, payable on December 12, 2024. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to those differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q and the section titled Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leader in building and operating electronic marketplaces for our global network of more than 2,800 clients across the financial ecosystem. Our network is comprised of clients across the institutional, wholesale, retail and corporates client sectors, including many of the largest global asset managers, hedge funds, insurance companies, central banks, banks and dealers, proprietary trading firms, retail brokerage and financial advisory firms, regional dealers and corporate treasury organizations. Our marketplaces facilitate trading across a range of asset classes, including rates, credit, equities and money markets. We are a global company serving clients in over 70 countries with offices in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Middle East. We believe our proprietary technology and culture of collaborative innovation allow us to adapt our offerings to enter new markets, create new platforms and solutions and adjust to regulations quickly and efficiently. We support our clients by providing solutions across the trade lifecycle, including pre-trade, execution, post-trade and data. 
 Our institutional client sector serves institutional investors in over 70 countries around the globe and across over 25 currencies. We connect institutional investors with pools of liquidity using our flexible order and trading systems. Our clients trust the integrity of our markets and recognize the value they get by trading electronically: enhanced transparency, competitive pricing, efficient trade execution and regulatory compliance. 
 In our wholesale client sector, we provide a broad range of electronic, voice and hybrid platforms to dealers and financial institutions trading on our electronic or hybrid markets with our Dealerweb platform. This platform was launched in 2008 following the acquisition of inter-dealer broker Hilliard Farber Co., Inc. In 2011, we acquired the brokerage assets of Rafferty Capital Markets and in June 2021, we acquired Nasdaq s U.S. fixed income electronic trading platform (formerly known as eSpeed) (the NFI Acquisition ). Today, Dealerweb actively competes across a range of rates, credit, money markets, derivatives and equity markets. 
 In our retail client sector, we provide advanced trading solutions for financial advisory firms and traders with our Tradeweb Direct platform. We entered the retail sector in 2006 and launched our Tradeweb Direct platform following the 2013 acquisition of BondDesk Group LLC, which was built to bring innovation and efficiency to the wealth management community. Tradeweb Direct provides financial advisory firms access to live offerings, accurate pricing in the marketplace and fast execution. 
 In our corporates client sector, we provide comprehensive investment technology and research solutions tailored to the needs of corporate treasury organizations globally. These solutions enable efficient trading of institutional money market funds and other short-term investments. Our expansion into the corporates sector was driven by our acquisition of Institutional Cash Distributors ICD on August 1, 2024. The addition of ICD to our platform broadens our product suite, further diversifies our client and revenue base and strengthens our position in the corporate treasury space, enabling us to provide a more comprehensive range of liquidity management tools and services. 
 Our markets are large and growing. Electronic trading continues to increase across the markets in which we operate as a result of market demand for greater transparency, higher execution quality, operational efficiency and lower costs, as well as regulatory changes. We believe our deep client relationships, asset class breadth, geographic reach, regulatory knowledge and scalable technology position us to continue to be at the forefront of the evolution of electronic trading. Our platforms provide transparent, efficient, cost-effective and compliant trading solutions across multiple products, regions and regulatory regimes. As market participants seek to trade across multiple asset classes, reduce their costs of trading and increase the effectiveness of their trading, including through the use of data and analytics, we believe the demand for our platforms and electronic trading solutions will continue to grow. 

48 

Table of Contents 

Trends and Other Factors Impacting Our Performance 
 
 Acquisitions 
 From time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions and engage in discussions and negotiations regarding potential acquisitions. Our revenues and profitability are affected by our acquisition activity, including the speed and cost at which we successfully integrate completed acquisitions into our existing business operations. 
 ICD 
 On August 1, 2024, we completed our acquisition of ICD. 
 In connection with the acquisition closing, the Corporation issued and sold 41,705 shares of Class A common stock, with a grant date fair value of 4.7 million, to an equityholder of the ICD seller, who was also an employee of ICD and is currently an employee of the Company, which shares of Class A common stock were issued and sold as restricted stock (such shares of restricted stock, the RSAs ). The RSAs are subject to a two-year vesting period and forfeiture terms, pursuant to the Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. Of the 4.7 million in RSAs issued, 3.3 million was allocated to consideration transferred for the business combination, relating to the pre-combination service period completed before the acquisition date, and 1.3 million will be amortized into non - cash stock - based compensation expense over the two-year service period required subsequent to the acquisition date, with such special stock - based compensation amortization expense excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income when it is recorded as expense. 
 Cash paid at closing, net of cash acquired and net of the proceeds from the sale of the RSAs, totaled 774.1 million, of which 771.2 million was determined to be consideration transferred for the business combination, 1.4 million was expensed during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 1.4 million was recorded as a prepaid asset, to be expensed over a two-year period. Both of these purchase price amounts that were or will be expensed are considered merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs and will be excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income when recorded as expense. 
 In connection with the ICD Acquisition, we also issued to certain key ICD employees, 92,672 restricted stock units (the ICD RSU Awards ), with a total grant date fair value of 10.3 million, that will vest one-third each year over a three-year period. Management determined that approximately 5.2 million of the ICD RSU Awards represents market based ordinary course compensation expense for these individuals, with the remaining 5.2 million representing a special award to help ensure retention of these key ICD employees during the three-year period subsequent to the acquisition and allow sufficient time for the integration of ICD s operations into Tradeweb. The stock-based compensation expense relating to the portion of the ICD RSU Awards determined to be a special award will also be excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income when it is recorded as expense. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for further details on ICD Acquisition related non - GAAP adjustments. 
 ICD is an institutional investment technology provider for corporate treasury organizations trading short-term investments. ICD s flagship products include ICD Portal and ICD Portfolio Analytics. The portal is a one-stop shop to research, trade, analyze and report on investments across more than 40 available investment providers primarily offering money market funds and access to other short term products including deposits, fixed term funds and separately managed accounts SMAs (collectively referred to herein as money market funds ). Portfolio Analytics is an AI-driven cloud solution for aggregating positions across a corporate treasury s entire portfolio for analysis and reporting. With the acquisition of ICD and its proprietary technology, we have added a new client channel, corporates , serving corporate treasury professionals, complementing Tradeweb s existing focus on institutional, wholesale and retail clients. 
 As part of Tradeweb, ICD provides a comprehensive solution for corporate treasurers and asset managers worldwide to manage short-term liquidity needs and FX risk, as well as optimize yield and duration via our existing suite of products. ICD clients retain the ability to fully integrate their workflows with leading third-party treasury management and accounting systems and ICD s portfolio analytics solution. In addition to opportunities to cross-sell our products to ICD s clients, we aim to accelerate ICD s growth and expansion by leveraging our international presence and offering money market funds to our existing network of clients globally. 
 From the date of the ICD Acquisition through September 30, 2024, ICD revenues of 17.2 million and an operating loss of 0.3 million, including 7.3 million of depreciation and amortization from acquired assets, were included in our condensed consolidated statements of income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Note 4 Acquisitions to the 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details of this acquisition. 
 r8fin 
 On January 19, 2024, we completed our acquisition of r8fin (the r8fin Acquisition in exchange for total consideration of 125.9 million, consisting of 89.2 million in cash paid at closing (net of cash acquired) and the issuance of 374,601 shares of Class A common stock of the Corporation valued as of the acquisition date at 36.7 million. 
 r8fin provides a suite of algorithmic-based tools as well as a thin-client execution management system (EMS) trading application to facilitate futures and cash trades. The solutions complement Tradeweb s existing Dealerweb Active Streams, Dealerweb Central Limit Order Book (CLOB), Tradeweb Request-for-Quote (RFQ) and Tradeweb AiEX (Automated Intelligent Execution) offerings, creating a valuable and broad-based approach to trading U.S. Treasuries and related futures trading. The r8fin Acquisition is not material to our consolidated financial statements and did not have a significant impact to our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Note 4 Acquisitions to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details . 
 Organizational Changes 
 On June 20, 2024, we announced organizational changes to optimize operations for continued growth. As part of those organizational changes, Amy Clack joined the Company in August 2024 as Chief Administrative Officer and a member of the Executive Committee, overseeing operations, business integration, risk and corporate services. In addition, Thomas Pluta, President of the Company, left the Company and the Board of Directors, effective September 30, 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 2.9 million in incremental compensation expense related to a cash severance payment to be paid to Mr. Pluta in accordance with the Company s Executive Severance Policy with respect to Mr. Pluta s departure in September 2024, all recorded during the three months ended June 30, 2024. As of June 17, 2024, there was also approximately 4.4 million in total unamortized stock-based compensation associated with equity awards previously granted to Mr. Pluta that were accelerated and amortized into expense over a revised estimated service period ending on September 30, 2024. Of this amount, 1.7 million represented regularly scheduled amortization that would have been recognized from June 17, 2024 through September 30, 2024 if Mr. Pluta s employment was not terminated and 2.7 million represented accelerated stock-based compensation expense that was excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income when it was recorded as expense . See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for further details. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred a total of 2.4 million and 2.7 million, respectively in accelerated stock-based compensation expense relating to Mr. Pluta s departure. 
 Economic Environment 
 Our business is impacted by the overall market activity and, in particular, trading volumes and market volatility. Lower volatility may result in lower trading volume for our clients and may negatively impact our operating performance and financial condition. Factors that may impact market activity during the remainder of 2024 include, among other things, evolving monetary policies of central banks, economic, political and social conditions, legislative, regulatory or government policy changes and concerns with respect to the banking industry, including as a result of any bank failures. 
 Because the majority of our financial assets are short-term in nature, they are not significantly affected by inflation. However, the rate of inflation may affect our expenses, such as employee compensation and benefits, technology and communication expenses and occupancy costs, which may not be readily recoverable in the prices of our services. We believe any effects of inflation on our results of operations and financial condition have not been significant during any of the periods presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. To the extent inflation, along with other factors, results in rising interest rates and have other adverse effects on the securities markets and the overall economy, they may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 While our business is impacted by the overall activity of the market and market volatility, our revenues consist of a mix of fixed and variable fees that partially mitigates this impact. More importantly, we are actively engaged in the further electronification of trading activities, which will help mitigate this impact as we believe secular growth trends can partially offset market volatility risk. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Regulatory Environment 
 Our business is subject to extensive regulations in the United States and internationally, which may expose us to significant regulatory risk and cause additional legal costs to ensure compliance. The existing legal framework that governs the financial markets is periodically reviewed and amended, resulting in enforcement of new laws and regulations that apply to our business. The current regulatory environment in the United States and abroad may be subject to future legislative and regulatory changes driven by U.S. and global issues and priorities. The impact of any changes in the legal or regulatory landscape on us and our operations remains uncertain. Compliance with regulations may require us to dedicate additional financial and operational resources, which may adversely affect our profitability. In addition, compliance with regulations may require our clients to dedicate significant financial and operational resources, which may negatively affect their ability to pay our fees and use our platforms and, as a result, our profitability. However, under certain circumstances regulation may increase demand for our platforms and solutions, and we believe we are well positioned to benefit from any potential increased electronification due to regulatory changes as market participants seek platforms that meet regulatory requirements and solutions that help them comply with their regulatory obligations. 
 Competitive Environment 
 We and our competitors compete to introduce innovations in market structure and new electronic trading capabilities. While we endeavor to be a leader in innovation, new trading capabilities of our competitors are also adopted by market participants. On the one hand, this increases liquidity and electronification for all participants, but it also puts pressure on us to further invest in our technology and to innovate to ensure the continued growth of our network of clients and continued improvement of liquidity, electronic processing and pricing on our platforms. Our ability to compete is influenced by key factors such as (i) developments in trading platforms and solutions, (ii) the liquidity we provide on transactions, (iii) the transaction costs we incur in providing our solutions, (iv) the efficiency in execution of transactions on our platforms, (v) our ability to hire and retain talent and (vi) our ability to maintain the security of our platforms and solutions. Our competitive position is also influenced by the familiarity and integration of our clients with our electronic, voice and hybrid systems. When either a client wants to trade in a new product or we want to introduce a new product, trading protocol or other solution, we believe we benefit from our clients familiarity with our offerings as well as our integration into their order management systems and back offices. 
 Technology and Cybersecurity Environment 
 Our business and its success are largely impacted by the introduction of increasingly complex and sophisticated technology systems and infrastructures and new business models. Offering specialized trading venues and solutions through the development of new and enhanced platforms is essential to maintaining our level of competitiveness in the market and attracting new clients seeking platforms that provide advanced automation and better liquidity. We believe we will continue to increase demand for our platforms and solutions and the volume of transactions on our platforms, and thereby enhance our client relationships, by responding to new trading and information requirements through utilizing technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices in an effective and efficient way. We plan to continue to focus on and invest in technology infrastructure initiatives and continually improve and expand our platforms and solutions to further enhance our market position. 
 We experience cyber-threats and attempted security breaches. If these were successful, these cybersecurity incidents could impact revenue and operating income and increase costs. We therefore continue to make investments to strengthen our cybersecurity infrastructure, which may result in increased costs. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Environment 
 We earn revenues, pay expenses, hold assets and incur liabilities in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can affect our results of operations from period to period. In particular, fluctuations in exchange rates for non-U.S. dollar currencies may reduce the U.S. dollar value of revenues, earnings and cash flows we receive from non-U.S. markets, increase our operating expenses (as measured in U.S. dollars) in those markets, negatively impact our competitiveness in those markets or otherwise adversely impact our results of operations or financial condition. Future fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates and their impact on our results of operations and financial condition are inherently uncertain. As we continue to grow the size of our global operations, these fluctuations may be material. See Part I, Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Foreign Currency and Derivative Risk elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Taxation 
 In connection with the Reorganization Transactions, we became the sole manager of TWM LLC. As a result, beginning with the second quarter of 2019, we became subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes with respect to our allocable share of any taxable income of TWM LLC and are taxed at prevailing corporate tax rates. Our actual effective tax rate is impacted by our ownership share of TWM LLC, which has increased over time primarily due to Continuing LLC Owners redeeming or exchanging their LLC Interests for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable, and our purchase of LLC Interests from Continuing LLC Owners. Furthermore, in connection with the IPO, we entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement pursuant to which we began to make payments in January 2021, and we expect future payments to be significant. We intend to continue to cause TWM LLC to make distributions in an amount sufficient to allow us to pay our tax obligations, operating expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and our quarterly cash dividends, as and when declared by our board of directors. 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA into law. The IRA establishes a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022, and imposes a 1 excise tax on the repurchase after December 31, 2022 of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations. The 1 excise tax did not have an impact to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company is subject to the 15 CAMT, however, it is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s effective tax rate. The adoption of the IRA will also not have an impact to our non-GAAP adjusted effective tax rate used for purposes of calculating our non-GAAP measure of Adjusted Net Income. 
 On October 8, 2021, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development announced an accord endorsing and providing an implementation plan focused on global profit allocation, and implementing a global minimum tax rate of at least 15 for large multinational corporations on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis, known as the Two Pillar Plan. On December 15, 2022, the European Council formally adopted a European Union directive on the implementation of the plan which became effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2024. The Company falls under the provisions of the Two Pillar Plan and related tax impacts per local country adoption as it is a consolidating subsidiary of LSEG. The Company does not anticipate a material impact to its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows from the Two Pillar Plan. 
 
 Components of our Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 Our revenue is derived primarily from transaction fees, commissions, subscription fees and market data fees. 
 Transaction Fees and Commissions 
 We earn transaction fees and/or commissions from transactions executed on our trading platforms on both a variable and fixed price basis, which vary by geographic region, product type and trade size. For most of our products, clients pay both fixed minimum monthly transaction fees and variable transaction fees on a per transaction basis in excess of the monthly minimum. Clients may also pay a subscription fee in addition to or instead of the minimum monthly transaction fees. For other products, instead of a minimum monthly transaction fee, clients may pay a fixed transaction fee or only a variable transaction fee on a per transaction basis. We also earn commission revenue from our electronic and voice brokerage services on a riskless principal basis. Riskless principal revenues are derived on matched principal transactions where revenues are earned on the spread between the buy and sell price of the transacted product. For to-be-announced mortgage backed securities TBA-MBS ), U.S. Treasury and repurchase agreement transactions executed by our wholesale clients, we also generate revenue from fixed commissions that are generally invoiced monthly. 
 For variable transaction fees and commissions, we charge clients based on the mix of products traded and the volume of transactions executed. Transaction volume is determined by using either a measure of the notional volume of the products traded, a count of the number of trades or in the case of the ICD Portal, the client s average daily balance ADB invested in the money market funds during a calendar month. Because transaction fees and commissions are sometimes subject to plans with tiered pricing based on product mix, volume, monthly minimums and monthly maximum fee caps, average variable fees per million dollars of volume traded generated for a client may vary each month depending on the mix of products and volume traded. Furthermore, because transaction fees and commissions vary by geographic region, product type and trade size, our revenues may not correlate with volume growth. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Subscription Fees 
 We earn subscription fees primarily for granting clients access to our markets for trading and market data. For a limited number of products, we only charge subscription fees and no transaction fees or commissions. Subscription fees are generally charged on a fixed price basis. 
 For purposes of our discussion of our results of operations, we include LSEG market data fees in subscription fees. We earn fixed license fees from our market data license agreement with LSEG. We also earn a revenue share for certain data services which are provided to LSEG and then sold by LSEG to its customers. Our revenue share revenues may fluctuate from period to period depending on the revenue achieved by LSEG during the applicable fee earning period. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Employee Compensation and Benefits 
 Employee compensation and benefits expense consists of wages, employee benefits, bonuses, commissions, stock-based compensation cost and related taxes. Factors that influence employee compensation and benefits expense include revenue and earnings growth, hiring or acquiring new employees and trading activity which generates broker commissions. We expect employee compensation and benefits expense to increase as we hire additional employees to support revenue and earnings growth. As a result, employee compensation and benefits can vary from period to period. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense consists of costs relating to the depreciation and amortization of acquired and internally developed software, other intangible assets, leasehold improvements, furniture and equipment. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense consists of travel and entertainment, marketing, value-added taxes, state use taxes, foreign currency transaction gains and losses, gains and losses on foreign exchange derivative contracts entered into for foreign exchange risk management purposes relating to operating activities, charitable contributions, other administrative expenses and credit loss expense. We expect general and administrative expense to increase as we expand the number of our employees and product offerings and grow our operations. 
 Technology and Communications 
 Technology and communications expense consists of costs relating to software and hardware maintenance, our internal network connections, data center costs, clearance and other trading platform related transaction costs and data feeds provided by third-party service providers, including LSEG. Factors that influence technology and communications expense include trading volumes and our investments in innovation, data strategy and cybersecurity. 
 Professional Fees 
 Professional fees consist primarily of accounting, tax and legal fees and fees paid to technology and software consultants to maintain our trading platforms and infrastructure, as well as costs related to business acquisition transactions. 
 Occupancy 
 Occupancy expense consists of operating lease rent and related costs for office space and data centers leased in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Middle East. We expect occupancy expense to increase as our space needs grow in line with our global expansion. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement Liability Adjustment 
 The tax receivable agreement liability adjustment reflects changes in the tax receivable agreement liability recorded in our condensed consolidated statements of financial condition as a result of changes in the mix of earnings, tax legislation and tax rates in various jurisdictions which impacted our estimated future tax savings. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest earned from our cash deposited with large commercial banks and money market funds, as well as interest earned from our investments in available-for-sale debt securities. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of any interest expense incurred or payable on our tax receivable agreement liability, commitment fees payable on, and, if applicable, interest payable on any borrowings outstanding under our credit facility and amortization of deferred financing costs. 
 Other Income (Loss), Net 
 Other income (loss), net consists of any income or loss earned from investments, any mark-to-market adjustments or impairments recorded on investments, unrealized and realized gain/loss on foreign exchange derivative contracts entered into for foreign exchange risk management purposes relating to investing activities and any other non-operating items. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes with respect to our taxable income, including our allocable share of any taxable income of TWM LLC, and are taxed at prevailing corporate tax rates. TWM LLC is a multiple member limited liability company taxed as a partnership and accordingly any taxable income generated by TWM LLC is passed through to and included in the taxable income of its members, including to us. Income taxes also include unincorporated business taxes on income earned or losses incurred for conducting business in certain state and local jurisdictions, income taxes on income earned or losses incurred in foreign jurisdictions on certain operations and federal and state income taxes on income earned or losses incurred, both current and deferred, on subsidiaries that are taxed as corporations for U.S. tax purposes. 
 Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests 
 We are the sole manager of TWM LLC. As a result of this control, and because we have a substantial financial interest in TWM LLC, we consolidate the financial results of TWM LLC and report a non-controlling interest in our condensed consolidated financial statements, representing the economic interests of TWM LLC held by Continuing LLC Owners. Income or loss is attributed to the non-controlling interests based on the relative ownership percentages of LLC Interests held during the period by us and any Continuing LLC Owners. 
 In connection with the Reorganization Transactions, the TWM LLC Agreement was amended and restated to, among other things, (i) provide for LLC Interests and (ii) exchange all of the then existing membership interests in TWM LLC for LLC Interests. LLC Interests held by Continuing LLC Owners are redeemable in accordance with the TWM LLC Agreement, at the election of such holders, for newly issued shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as the case may be, on a one-for-one basis. In the event of such election by a Continuing LLC Owner, we may, at our option, effect a direct exchange of Class A common stock or Class B common stock for such LLC Interests of such Continuing LLC Owner in lieu of such redemption. In connection with any redemption or exchange, we will receive a corresponding number of LLC Interests, increasing our total ownership interest in TWM LLC. Following the completion of the Reorganization Transactions and the IPO, we owned 64.3 of TWM LLC and Continuing LLC Owners owned the remaining 35.7 of TWM LLC. As of September 30, 2024, we owned 90.2 of TWM LLC and Continuing LLC Owners owned the remaining 9.8 of TWM LLC. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our statements of income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Total revenue 448,915 328,357 120,558 36.7 Total expenses 289,599 203,619 85,980 42.2 Operating income 159,316 124,738 34,578 27.7 Tax receivable agreement liability adjustment (870) (870) N/M Interest income 16,663 17,929 (1,266) (7.1) Interest expense (1,446) (464) (982) 211.6 Other income (loss), net 10 (1,907) 1,917 (100.5) Income before taxes 173,673 140,296 33,377 23.8 Provision for income taxes (43,450) (28,666) (14,784) 51.6 Net income 130,223 111,630 18,593 16.7 Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 16,307 13,016 3,291 25.3 Net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. 113,916 98,614 15,302 15.5 
 N/M = not meaningful 
 Revenues 
 Our revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 
 of Total Revenue 
 of Total Revenue Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues Transaction fees and commissions 373,493 83.2 263,485 80.2 110,008 41.8 Subscription fees (1) 
 71,718 16.0 61,821 18.8 9,897 16.0 Other 3,704 0.8 3,051 0.9 653 21.4 Total revenue 448,915 100.0 328,357 100.0 120,558 36.7 Components of total revenue growth: Constant currency change (2) 
 36.5 Foreign currency impact 0.2 Total revenue growth 36.7 
 (1) Subscription fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 include 20.5 million and 15.5 million, respectively, of LSEG market data fees (formerly referred to as Refinitiv market data fees). 
 (2) Constant currency revenue change, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, is defined as total revenue change excluding the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. Total revenue excluding the effects of foreign currency fluctuations is calculated by translating the current period and prior period s total revenue using the annual average exchange rates for the prior period. We use constant currency change as a supplemental metric to evaluate our underlying total revenue performance between periods by removing the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. We believe that providing constant currency change provides a useful comparison of our total revenue performance and trends between periods. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Our strong results for the third quarter of 2024 reflected significant organic growth and solid contributions from our recent acquisitions of ICD, r8fin and Yieldbroker. We remained focused on and grew market share while also benefiting from rates market volatility around central bank moves and broad-based volume growth, which underscored our sustained momentum across asset classes. The primary driver of the 120.6 million increase in revenue was related to an 110.0 million increase in transaction fees and commissions to 373.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 263.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher revenues for rate derivatives products, U.S. corporate bonds and U.S. government bonds, as well as the basis point commissions earned on the average daily balance of client money market fund investments made through the ICD Portal for the two months subsequent to the acquisition. 
 Our total revenue by asset class for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues Rates 233,122 172,832 60,290 34.9 Credit 118,305 90,062 28,243 31.4 Equities 25,514 20,890 4,624 22.1 Money Markets 36,126 15,763 20,363 129.2 Market Data 29,760 22,956 6,804 29.6 Other 6,088 5,854 234 4.0 Total revenue 448,915 328,357 120,558 36.7 
 Our variable and fixed revenues by asset class for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 Change 
 Variable 
 Fixed 
 Variable 
 Fixed 
 Variable 
 Fixed 
 Variable 
 Fixed 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues Rates 173,698 59,424 114,128 58,704 59,570 720 52.2 1.2 Credit 109,518 8,787 82,484 7,578 27,034 1,209 32.8 16.0 Equities 23,218 2,296 18,567 2,323 4,651 (27) 25.0 (1.2) Money Markets 31,928 4,198 11,433 4,330 20,495 (132) 179.3 (3.0) Market Data 104 29,656 115 22,841 (11) 6,815 (9.6) 29.8 Other 513 5,575 5,854 513 (279) N/M (4.8) Total revenue 338,979 109,936 226,727 101,630 112,252 8,306 49.5 8.2 
 N/M = not meaningful 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 A significant percentage of our transaction fees and commissions are tied directly to overall trading volumes in the rates, credit, equities and money markets asset classes. The average daily volumes and total volumes on our trading platforms by asset class for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the resulting percentage changes, are summarized as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 ADV 
 ADV 
 Volume 
 ADV 
 Volume 
 Change 
 (dollars in millions) 
 Rates 1,298,114 83,743,233 853,258 54,264,524 52.1 Rates Cash 496,603 31,860,816 361,421 22,842,103 37.4 Rates Derivatives 801,512 51,882,416 491,837 31,422,421 63.0 Swaps / Swaptions Tenor (greater than 1 year) 439,683 28,436,368 325,350 20,746,985 35.1 Other Rates Derivatives (1) 
 361,828 23,446,048 166,488 10,675,437 117.3 Credit 42,589 2,754,433 29,936 1,906,797 42.3 Cash Credit (2) 
 9,955 641,617 7,193 457,163 38.4 Credit Derivatives, China Bonds and U.S. Cash EP 32,634 2,112,816 22,742 1,449,634 43.5 Equities 22,815 1,467,238 18,926 1,197,696 20.6 Equities Cash 10,308 665,138 9,475 601,081 8.8 Equities Derivatives 12,507 802,100 9,451 596,615 32.3 Money Markets 
 848,171 59,556,275 522,065 33,065,896 62.5 Total (4) 
 2,211,690 147,521,178 1,424,185 90,434,913 55.3 Total excluding Other Rates Derivatives (3) 
 1,849,862 124,075,130 1,257,697 79,759,476 47.1 
 (1) Includes Swaps/Swaptions of tenor less than 1 year and Rates Futures. 
 (2) The Cash Credit category represents the Credit asset class excluding (1) Credit Derivatives (2) China Bonds and (3) U.S. High Grade and High Yield electronically processed EP activity. 
 (3) Included to contextualize the impact of short-tenored Swaps/Swaptions and Rates Futures on totals for all periods presented. 
 (4) We acquired Yieldbroker, r8fin and ICD on August 31, 2023, January 19, 2024 and August 1, 2024, respectively. Total volume reported includes volumes from each acquired business subsequent to the closing date of the applicable acquisition. 
 
 The average variable fees per million dollars of volume traded on our trading platforms by asset class for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are summarized below. There are four potential drivers of quarterly fluctuations in our average variable fees per million: (1) the mix and duration of cash and derivatives products traded, (2) the mix of protocols underpinning cash and derivatives products, (3) volume discounts and (4) clients moving between fixed and variable pricing structures. Average variable fees per million should be reviewed in conjunction with our trading volumes and total revenue by asset class. Since variable fees are sometimes subject to fee plans with tiered pricing based on product mix and volume, average variable fees per million for a specific asset class may not correlate with volumes or revenue growth. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Rates 2.07 2.10 (0.03) (1.4) Rates Cash 2.45 2.42 0.03 1.1 Rates Derivatives 1.85 1.87 (0.02) (1.5) Rates Derivatives (greater than 1 year) 3.19 2.72 0.47 17.2 Other Rates Derivatives (1) 
 0.22 0.22 1.1 Credit 39.76 43.26 (3.50) (8.1) Cash Credit (2) 
 151.90 162.20 (10.30) (6.3) Credit Derivatives, China Bonds and U.S. Cash EP 5.71 5.75 (0.04) (0.7) Equities 15.82 15.50 0.32 2.1 Equities Cash 27.68 25.42 2.26 8.9 Equities Derivatives 5.99 5.50 0.49 9.0 Money Markets 0.54 0.35 0.19 55.0 Total 2.29 2.51 (0.22) (8.5) Total excluding Other Rates Derivatives (3) 
 2.69 2.81 (0.12) (4.4) 
 (1) Includes Swaps/Swaptions of tenor less than 1 year and Rates Futures. 
 (2) The Cash Credit category represents the Credit asset class excluding (1) Credit Derivatives (2) China Bonds and (3) U.S. High Grade and High Yield electronically processed EP activity. 
 (3) Included to contextualize the impact of short-tenored Swaps/Swaptions and Rates Futures on blended fees per million across all periods presented. 
 The key drivers of the change in total revenue, volumes and variable fees per million by asset class are summarized as follows: 
 Rates . Revenues from our rates asset class increased by 60.3 million or 34.9 to 233.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 172.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher variable transaction fees and commissions on higher trading volumes for rates derivatives products, U.S., European and other government bonds and mortgages. 
 Average variable fees per million for rates decreased primarily due to a shift in the mix and methods of products traded towards other rates derivative products, which have with a lower variable fee capture compared to overall rates. This was partially offset by a shift in the mix of products traded towards other government bonds, which have a higher variable fee capture compared to overall rates. 
 Credit . Revenues from our credit asset class increased by 28.2 million or 31.4 to 118.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 90.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher variable transaction fees and commissions on higher trading volumes for U.S. and European corporate bonds and credit derivative products and an increase in fixed subscription fees. The fixed subscription fee increase was primarily driven by the addition of dealers joining the subscription pricing plan, subscription price increases and the implementation of fee minimums to certain subscription plans. 
 Average variable fees per million for credit decreased primarily due to a shift in the mix and methods of products traded, including increases in the percentage of derivative products, which have a lower variable fee capture compared to overall credit. 
 Equities . Revenues from our equities asset class increased by 4.6 million or 22.1 to 25.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 20.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher variable transaction fees and commissions on higher trading volumes for European and U.S. ETFs and equity derivative products. 
 Average variable fees per million for equities increased primarily due to a shift in the mix of products traded, including higher volumes in European ETFs, which have a higher variable fee capture compared to overall equities. 
 Money Markets . Revenues from our money markets asset class increased by 20.4 million or 129.2 to 36.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 15.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 to the August 1, 2024 acquisition of ICD and the associated basis point commissions earned on the average daily balance of client money market fund investments made through the ICD Portal. 
 Average variable fees per million for money markets increased primarily due to a shift in the mix of products traded in this category as a result of the August 1, 2024 acquisition of ICD and the associated basis point commissions earned on the average daily balance of client money market fund investments made through the ICD Portal, which have a higher variable fee capture compared to the historical product mix. 
 Market Data . Revenues from our market data asset class increased by 6.8 million or 29.6 to 29.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 23.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was derived primarily from increased LSEG market data fees from our market data agreement that was amended effective November 1, 2023 and proprietary third party market data revenue. 
 Other . Revenues from our other asset class was relatively flat with an increase of 0.2 million or 4.0 to 6.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 We generate revenue from a diverse portfolio of client sectors. Our total revenue by client sector for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues Institutional 266,681 195,094 71,587 36.7 Wholesale 99,511 77,975 21,536 27.6 Retail 35,770 32,332 3,438 10.6 Corporates 17,193 17,193 N/M Market Data 29,760 22,956 6,804 29.6 Total revenue 448,915 328,357 120,558 36.7 N/M = not meaningful 
 Institutional . Revenues from our institutional client sector increased by 71.6 million or 36.7 to 266.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 195.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was derived primarily from higher revenues for rates derivatives products, U.S. corporate bonds, U.S. and European government bonds and credit derivative products. 
 Wholesale . Revenues from our wholesale client sector increased by 21.5 million or 27.6 to 99.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 78.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was derived primarily from higher revenues for U.S. government bonds, including positive contributions from the r8fin Acquisition, as well as higher revenues for U.S. corporate bonds, repurchase agreements and rates derivative products. 
 Retail . Revenues from our retail client sector increased by 3.4 million or 10.6 to 35.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 32.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was derived primarily from higher revenues for municipals and U.S. corporate bonds. 
 Corporates. Revenues from our corporates client sector were 17.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. With the August 1, 2024 acquisition of ICD and its proprietary institutional investment technology, we entered the corporates client sector. This new client channel primarily serves corporate treasury organizations worldwide in investing in money market funds. Revenues from our corporates client sector primarily includes the basis point commissions earned on the average daily balance of client money market fund investments made through the ICD Portal for the two months subsequent to the acquisition. See Trends and Other Factors Impacting Our Performance Acquisitions, above for further details about this acquisition. 
 Market Data . Revenues from our market data client sector increased by 6.8 million or 29.6 to 29.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 23.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was derived primarily from increased LSEG market data fees from our market data agreement that was amended effective November 1, 2023 and proprietary third party market data revenue. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Our revenues and client base are also diversified by geography. Our total revenue by geography (based on client location) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues U.S. 279,705 207,842 71,863 34.6 International 169,210 120,515 48,695 40.4 Total revenue 448,915 328,357 120,558 36.7 
 U.S. Revenues from U.S. clients increased by 71.9 million or 34.6 to 279.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 207.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher revenues for U.S. corporate bonds, U.S. government bonds, money markets, including the contribution from the ICD Acquisition, rates derivatives products and market data. 
 International . Revenues from International clients increased by 48.7 million or 40.4 to 169.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 120.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher revenues for rates derivatives products, money markets, including the contribution from the ICD Acquisition, European and other government bonds and market data. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) Employee compensation and benefits 160,161 116,016 44,145 38.1 Depreciation and amortization 57,872 46,559 11,313 24.3 Technology and communications 24,300 19,733 4,567 23.1 General and administrative 20,417 6,700 13,717 204.7 Professional fees 21,434 10,479 10,955 104.5 Occupancy 5,415 4,132 1,283 31.1 Total expenses 289,599 203,619 85,980 42.2 
 Employee Compensation and Benefits . Expenses related to employee compensation and benefits increased by 44.1 million or 38.1 to 160.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 116.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in incentive compensation expense tied to our financial performance, as well as an increase in headcount and related salaries, bonus and benefits associated with our continued growth, including the August 1, 2024 ICD Acquisition. As discussed above, the three months ended September 30, 2024 also included 2.4 million in accelerated stock-based compensation expense associated with our former President and 1.4 million in compensation expense relating to acceleration, as of the ICD Acquisition closing date, of unvested stock-based compensation awards previously issued by the ICD seller. See Trends and Other Factors Impacting Our Performance above for further details. 
 Depreciation and Amortization . Expenses related to depreciation and amortization increased by 11.3 million or 24.3 to 57.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 46.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increases in amortization of assets acquired in connection with the ICD, r8fin and Yieldbroker acquisitions on August 1, 2024, January 19, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Technology and Communications . Expenses related to technology and communications increased by 4.6 million or 23.1 to 24.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 19.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increased investment in our data strategy and infrastructure and increased clearance and data fees driven primarily by higher trading volumes period-over-period. 
 General and Administrative . Expenses related to general and administrative costs increased by 13.7 million or 204.7 to 20.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 6.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an 8.7 million increase in foreign exchange losses during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year period. Realized and unrealized foreign currency losses totaled 4.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 4.6 million in gains during three months ended September 30, 2023. The change was primarily driven by changes in fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts used in connection with our foreign currency risk management program. Increases in travel and recruiting costs to support our continued growth also contributed to the overall increase in general and administrative expenses. 
 Professional Fees . Expenses related to professional fees increased by 11.0 million or 104.5 to 21.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 10.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in professional fees related to acquisitions. 
 Occupancy . Expenses related to occupancy costs increased by 1.3 million or 31.1 to 5.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 4.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher data center and office rent expense associated with our global expansion. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement Liability Adjustment 
 The tax receivable agreement liability adjustment of 0.9 million of expense recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was due to changes in the tax receivable agreement liability recorded in our consolidated statements of financial condition as a result of changes in the mix of earnings in connection with the acquisition of ICD, which impacted our estimated future tax savings. There was no tax receivable agreement liability adjustment recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income decreased by 1.3 million to 16.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 17.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in interest income earned as a result of a decrease in our average invested cash balance as a result of the cash paid in connection with the ICD Acquisition. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased by 1.0 million to 1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to interest expense incurred on payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Other Income (Loss), Net 
 There was less than 0.1 million of net other income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a 1.9 million net other loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023, as we unwound the out-of-the-money foreign currency call option entered into in order to partially mitigate the foreign currency exposure relating to the payment of the purchase price for the Yieldbroker acquisition during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense increased by 14.8 million to 43.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 28.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The provision for income taxes includes U.S. federal, state, local and foreign taxes. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 25.0 , compared with 20.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to state, local and foreign taxes and the disallowance of compensation expense tax deductions, partially offset by the effect of non-controlling interests and the Foreign-Derived Intangible Income FDII deduction. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to the return-to-provision adjustment and the effect of non-controlling interests, partially offset by the effect of state, local and foreign taxes. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our statements of income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Total revenue 1,262,605 968,219 294,386 30.4 Total expenses 773,117 604,580 168,537 27.9 Operating income 489,488 363,639 125,849 34.6 Tax receivable agreement liability adjustment (870) (870) N/M Interest income 59,234 46,445 12,789 27.5 Interest expense (3,706) (1,380) (2,326) 168.6 Other income (loss), net 10 (2,022) 2,032 (100.5) Income before taxes 544,156 406,682 137,474 33.8 Provision for income taxes (134,135) (90,920) (43,215) 47.5 Net income 410,021 315,762 94,259 29.9 Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 50,724 40,210 10,514 26.1 Net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. 359,297 275,552 83,745 30.4 N/M = not meaningful 
 Revenues 
 Our revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 
 of Total Revenue 
 of Total Revenue Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues Transaction fees and commissions 1,039,419 82.3 776,544 80.2 262,875 33.9 Subscription fees (1) 
 213,226 16.9 182,998 18.9 30,228 16.5 Other 9,960 0.8 8,677 0.9 1,283 14.8 Total revenue 1,262,605 100.0 968,219 100.0 294,386 30.4 Components of total revenue growth: Constant currency change (2) 
 30.4 Foreign currency impact Total revenue growth 30.4 
 (1) Subscription fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 include 61.6 million and 46.5 million respectively, of LSEG market data fees (formerly referred to as Refinitiv market data fees). 
 (2) Constant currency revenue change, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, is defined as total revenue change excluding the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. Total revenue excluding the effects of foreign currency fluctuations is calculated by translating the current period and prior period s total revenue using the annual average exchange rates for the prior period. We use constant currency change as a supplemental metric to evaluate our underlying total revenue performance between periods by removing the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. We believe that providing constant currency change provides a useful comparison of our total revenue performance and trends between periods. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 The primary driver of the 294.4 million increase in revenue related to a 262.9 million increase in transaction fees and commissions to 1.0 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 776.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher revenues for rates derivative products, U.S. and European corporate bonds and U.S., European and other government bonds, as well as the basis point commissions earned on the average daily balance of client money market fund investments made through the ICD Portal for the two months subsequent to the acquisition. 
 Our total revenue by asset class for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues Rates 664,746 503,691 161,055 32.0 Credit 345,468 263,127 82,341 31.3 Equities 75,435 69,239 6,196 8.9 Money Markets 70,962 46,404 24,558 52.9 Market Data 88,009 68,166 19,843 29.1 Other 17,985 17,592 393 2.2 Total revenue 1,262,605 968,219 294,386 30.4 
 Our variable and fixed revenues by asset class for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 Change 
 Variable 
 Fixed 
 Variable 
 Fixed 
 Variable 
 Fixed 
 Variable 
 Fixed 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues Rates 485,031 179,715 329,884 173,807 155,147 5,908 47.0 3.4 Credit 320,331 25,137 242,182 20,945 78,149 4,192 32.3 20.0 Equities 68,494 6,941 62,330 6,909 6,164 32 9.9 0.5 Money Markets 58,186 12,776 33,382 13,022 24,804 (246) 74.3 (1.9) Market Data 368 87,641 160 68,006 208 19,635 130.0 28.9 Other 513 17,472 17,592 513 (120) N/M (0.7) Total revenue 932,923 329,682 667,938 300,281 264,985 29,401 39.7 9.8 
 N/M = not meaningful 
 The key drivers of the change in total revenue by asset class are summarized as follows: 
 Rates . Revenues from our rates asset class increased by 161.1 million or 32.0 to 664.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 503.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher variable transaction fees and commissions on higher trading volumes for rates derivatives products and U.S., European and other government bonds and mortgages. 
 Credit . Revenues from our credit asset class increased by 82.3 million or 31.3 to 345.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 263.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher variable transaction fees and commissions on higher trading volumes for U.S., European and Chinese corporate bonds and municipals, as well as an increase in fixed subscription fees. 
 Equities . Revenues from our equities asset class increased by 6.2 million or 8.9 to 75.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 69.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher variable transaction fees and commissions on higher trading volumes for European ETFs and equity derivatives products. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Money Markets . Revenues from our money markets asset class increased by 24.6 million or 52.9 to 71.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 46.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the August 1, 2024 acquisition of ICD and the associated basis point commissions earned on the average daily balance of client money market fund investments made through the ICD Portal as well as higher variable transaction fees and commissions on higher trading volumes for repurchase agreements. 
 Market Data . Revenues from our market data asset class increased by 19.8 million or 29.1 to 88.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 68.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was derived primarily from increased LSEG market data fees from our market data agreement that was amended effective November 1, 2023 and proprietary third party market data revenue. 
 Other . Revenues from our other asset class was relatively flat with an increase of 0.4 million or 2.2 , to 18.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 17.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 We generate revenue from a diverse portfolio of client sectors. Our total revenue by client sector for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues Institutional 759,599 577,774 181,825 31.5 Wholesale 290,994 227,404 63,590 28.0 Retail 106,810 94,875 11,935 12.6 Corporates 17,193 17,193 N/M Market Data 88,009 68,166 19,843 29.1 Total revenue 1,262,605 968,219 294,386 30.4 
 N/M = not meaningful 
 Institutional . Revenues from our institutional client sector increased by 181.8 million or 31.5 to 759.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 577.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was derived primarily from higher revenues for rates derivatives products, U.S. corporate bonds and U.S., European and other government bonds. 
 Wholesale . Revenues from our wholesale client sector increased by 63.6 million or 28.0 to 291.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 227.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was derived primarily from higher revenues for U.S. government bonds, including positive contributions from the r8fin Acquisition, as well as higher revenues for U.S. and European corporate bonds, rates derivatives products and repurchase agreements. 
 Retail . Revenues from our retail client sector increased by 11.9 million or 12.6 to 106.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 94.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was derived primarily from higher revenues for U.S. corporate bonds and municipals. 
 Corporates. Revenues from our corporates client sector were 17.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. With the August 1, 2024 acquisition of ICD and its proprietary institutional investment technology, we entered the corporates client sector. This new client channel primarily serves corporate treasury organizations worldwide in investing in money market funds. Revenues from our corporates client sector primarily includes the basis point commissions earned on the average daily balance of client money market fund investments made through the ICD Portal for the two months subsequent to the acquisition. See Trends and Other Factors Impacting Our Performance Acquisitions, above for further details about this acquisition. 
 Market Data . Revenues from our market data client sector increased by 19.8 million or 29.1 to 88.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 68.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was derived primarily from increased LSEG market data fees from our market data agreement that was amended effective November 1, 2023 and proprietary third party market data revenue. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Our revenues and client base are also diversified by geography. Our total revenue by geography (based on client location) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenues U.S. 785,947 617,463 168,484 27.3 International 476,658 350,756 125,902 35.9 Total revenue 1,262,605 968,219 294,386 30.4 
 U.S. Revenues from U.S. clients increased by 168.5 million or 27.3 to 785.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 617.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher revenues for U.S. corporate bonds, U.S. government bonds, rate derivative products, market data and money markets, including the contribution from the ICD Acquisition. 
 International . Revenues from International clients increased by 125.9 million or 35.9 to 476.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 350.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher revenues for rates derivatives products, European and other government bonds, European corporate bonds, market data and money markets, including the contribution from the ICD Acquisition. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) Employee compensation and benefits 440,484 334,433 106,051 31.7 Depreciation and amortization 157,145 137,850 19,295 14.0 Technology and communications 69,840 56,001 13,839 24.7 General and administrative 44,026 31,692 12,334 38.9 Professional fees 46,558 32,321 14,237 44.0 Occupancy 15,064 12,283 2,781 22.6 Total expenses 773,117 604,580 168,537 27.9 
 Employee Compensation and Benefits . Expenses related to employee compensation and benefits increased by 106.1 million or 31.7 to 440.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 334.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in incentive compensation expense tied to our financial performance, as well as an increase in headcount and related salaries, bonus and benefits to support our continued growth. 
 Depreciation and Amortization . Expenses related to depreciation and amortization increased 19.3 million or 14.0 to 157.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 137.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increases in amortization of assets acquired in connection with the ICD, r8fin and Yieldbroker acquisitions on August 1, 2024, January 19, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Technology and Communications . Expenses related to technology and communications increased by 13.8 million or 24.7 to 69.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 56.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to investment in our data strategy and infrastructure and increased clearance and data fees driven primarily by higher trading volumes period-over-period. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative . Expenses related to general and administrative costs increased by 12.3 million or 38.9 to 44.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 31.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increases in travel, marketing and recruiting costs to support our continued growth. The increase was also due to a 3.0 million decrease in foreign exchange gains during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Realized and unrealized foreign currency gains totaled 0.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 3.9 million in gains during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Professional Fees . Expenses related to professional fees increased by 14.2 million or 44.0 to 46.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 32.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in professional fees related to acquisitions. 
 Occupancy . Expenses related to occupancy costs increased by 2.8 million or 22.6 to 15.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 12.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher data center and office rent expense associated with our global expansion. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement Liability Adjustment 
 The tax receivable agreement liability adjustment of 0.9 million of expense recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due to changes in the tax receivable agreement liability recorded in our consolidated statements of financial condition as a result of changes in the mix of earnings in connection with the acquisition of ICD, which impacted our estimated future tax savings. There was no tax receivable agreement liability adjustment recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income increased by 12.8 million to 59.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 46.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in interest income earned as a result of an increase in our average invested cash balance and an increase in interest rates period over period. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased by 2.3 million to 3.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to interest expense incurred on payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Other Income (Loss), Net 
 There was less than 0.1 million of net other income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a net other loss of 2.0 million, including a 1.3 million loss in connection with unwinding the out-of-the money foreign currency call option entered into in order to partially mitigate the foreign currency exposure on the payment of the purchase price for the Yieldbroker acquisition completed in August 2023. In addition, we also recognized a 0.7 million loss due to a net reduction in the tax indemnification receivables from Refinitiv relating to the settlement of the tax matter for less than the previously estimated amount. See Note 6 Income Taxes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further details. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense increased by 43.2 million to 134.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 90.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The provision for income taxes includes U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign taxes. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 24.7 , compared with 22.4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to state, local and foreign taxes and the disallowance of compensation expense tax deductions, partially offset by the effect of non-controlling interests and the FDII deduction. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to state, local and foreign taxes, partially offset by the effect of non-controlling interests, the exercise of equity compensation and the return-to-provision adjustment. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Effects of Inflation 
 While inflation may impact our revenues and operating expenses, we believe the effects of inflation, if any, on our results of operations and financial condition have not been significant during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. However, there can be no assurance that our results of operations and financial condition will not be materially impacted by inflation in the future. See Trends and Other Factors Impacting Our Performance Economic Environment above. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Liquidity describes the ability of a company to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the cash requirements of its business operations, including working capital needs to meet operating expenses, debt service, acquisitions, other commitments and contractual obligations. We consider liquidity in terms of cash on hand, cash flows from operations and availability under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility (as defined in Factors Influencing Our Liquidity and Capital Resources Indebtedness below) and their sufficiency to fund our operating and investing activities. 
 Historically, we have generated significant cash flows from operations and have funded our business operations through cash on hand and cash flows from operations. 
 Our primary cash needs are for day to day operations, working capital requirements, clearing margin requirements, capital expenditures primarily for software and equipment, our expected dividend payments and our share repurchase program. In addition, we are obligated to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 We expect to fund our short and long-term liquidity requirements through cash and cash equivalents and cash flows from operations. While historically we have generated significant and adequate cash flows from operations, in the case of an unexpected event in the future or otherwise, we may fund our liquidity requirements through borrowings under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 We believe that our projected cash position, cash flows from operations and, if necessary, borrowings under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility, will be sufficient to fund our liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, our future liquidity requirements could be higher than we currently expect as a result of various factors. For example, any future investments, acquisitions, joint ventures or other similar transactions, which we consider from time to time, may reduce our cash balance or require additional capital. In addition, our ability to continue to meet our future liquidity requirements will depend on, among other things, our ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenues and cash flows from operations and our ability to manage costs and working capital successfully, all of which are subject to general economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. In the event we require any additional capital, it will take the form of equity or debt financing, or both, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise any such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 1.2 billion and 1.7 billion, respectively. All cash and cash equivalents were held in accounts with financial institutions or money market funds such that the funds are immediately available or in fixed term deposits or investments with a maximum maturity of three months. See Item 3. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks Credit Risk. 
 Factors Influencing Our Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Dividend Policy 
 Subject to legally available funds, we intend to pay quarterly cash dividends on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock equal to 0.10 per share. As discussed below, our ability to pay these quarterly cash dividends on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock will depend on distributions to us from TWM LLC. 
 The declaration, amount and payment of any dividends will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our and our subsidiaries results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, business prospects, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable laws and other factors that our board of directors deem relevant. Because we are a holding company and all of our business is conducted through our subsidiaries, we expect to pay dividends, if any, only from funds we receive from our subsidiaries. Accordingly, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders is dependent on the earnings and distributions of funds from our subsidiaries. As the sole manager of TWM LLC, we intend to cause, and will rely on, TWM LLC to make distributions in respect of LLC Interests to fund our dividends. If TWM LLC is unable to cause these subsidiaries to make distributions, it may have inadequate funds to distribute to us and we may be unable to fund our dividends. In addition, 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 when TWM LLC makes distributions to us, the other holders of LLC Interests will be entitled to receive proportionate distributions based on their economic interests in TWM LLC at the time of such distributions. 
 Our board of directors will periodically review the cash generated from our business and the capital expenditures required to finance our growth plans and determine whether to modify the amount of regular dividends and/or declare any periodic special dividends. Any future determination to change the amount of dividends and/or declare special dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon then-existing conditions and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant. 
 Cash Dividends 
 On October 30, 2024, the board of directors of Tradeweb Markets Inc. declared a cash dividend of 0.10 per share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock for the fourth quarter of 2024. This dividend will be payable on December 16, 2024 to stockholders of record as of December 2, 2024. 
 In March, June and September 2024, Tradeweb Markets Inc. paid quarterly cash dividends to holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock in an aggregate amount totaling 63.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Cash Distributions 
 On October 30, 2024, Tradeweb Markets Inc., as the sole manager, approved a distribution by TWM LLC to its equityholders, including Tradeweb Markets Inc., in an aggregate amount of 30.1 million, as adjusted by required state and local tax withholdings that will be determined prior to the record date of December 2, 2024, payable on December 12, 2024. 
 In March, June and September 2024, TWM LLC made quarterly cash distributions to its equityholders in an aggregate amount of 253.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, including distributions to Tradeweb Markets Inc. of 229.0 million and distributions to non-controlling interests of 24.8 million. The proceeds of the cash distributions were used by Tradeweb Markets Inc. to fund dividend payments, taxes and expenses. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On December 5, 2022, the board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the 2022 Share Repurchase Program ), after completing in October 2022, the 150.0 million of total repurchases of the Company s Class A common stock previously authorized in February 2021 (the 2021 Share Repurchase Program ). The 2022 Share Repurchase Program was authorized to continue to offset annual dilution from stock-based compensation plans, as well as to opportunistically repurchase our Class A common stock. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program authorizes the purchase of up to 300.0 million of our Class A common stock at the Company s discretion and has no termination date. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program can be effected through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1), through privately negotiated transactions or through accelerated share repurchases, each in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The amounts, timing and manner of the repurchases will be subject to general market conditions, the prevailing price and trading volumes of our Class A common stock and other factors. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program does not require the Company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company acquired a total of 214,795 shares of Class A common stock, at an average price of 116.41, for purchases totaling 25.0 million pursuant to the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. As of September 30, 2024, a total of 214.8 million remained available for repurchase pursuant to the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. 
 Other Share Repurchases 
 In addition to the share repurchase programs discussed above, we may also withhold shares to cover the payroll tax withholding obligations upon the exercise of stock options and vesting of performance-based restricted stock units that vest based on the Company s financial performance PRSUs ), restricted stock units RSUs and performance-based restricted stock units that vest based on market conditions PSUs ). 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company withheld 474,123 shares of common stock from employee stock option, PRSU and RSU awards, at an average price per share of 97.82 and an aggregate value of 46.4 million, based on the price of the Class A common stock on the date the relevant withholding occurred. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 We are obligated to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. See Note 7 Tax Receivable Agreement to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details regarding the requirements for these payments. Although the actual timing and amount of any payments that may be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement will vary, we expect the payments required will be significant. Any payments made by us under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flows that might have otherwise been available to us or to TWM LLC. These payments will offset some of the tax benefits that we expect to realize as a result of the ownership structure of TWM LLC. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, the unpaid amounts generally will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid by us. The first payment of the Tax Receivable Agreement was made in January 2021. As of September 30, 2024, total amounts due to Continuing LLC Owners under the Tax Receivable Agreement were 382.4 million, substantially all due to be paid over 15 years following the purchase of LLC Interests from Continuing LLC Owners or redemption or exchanges by Continuing LLC Owners of LLC Interests. As of September 30, 2024, we expect to make tax receivable agreement liability payments of approximately 8.0 million within the next 12 months and approximately 374.4 million thereafter. 
 In addition to these amounts above, our tax receivable agreement liability and future payments thereunder are expected to increase as we realize (or are deemed to realize) an increase in tax basis of TWM LLC s assets resulting from any future purchases, redemptions or exchanges of LLC Interests from Continuing LLC Owners. We currently expect to fund these future tax receivable agreement liability payments from some of the realized cash tax savings as a result of this increase in tax basis. 
 Indebtedness 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had no outstanding indebtedness. 
 On November 21, 2023, TWM LLC entered into a five year, 500.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility with a syndicate of banks, which replaced its 500.0 million secured credit facility entered into on April 8, 2019 (the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility ). Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, we will be able to increase the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility by 250.0 million with the consent of lenders participating in the increase. The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility provides borrowing capacity to be used to fund ongoing working capital needs, letters of credit and for general corporate purposes, including potential future acquisitions and expansions. As of September 30, 2024, there were 0.5 million in letters of credit issued under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility and no borrowings outstanding. The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility will mature on November 21, 2028. 
 The credit agreement that governs the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility contains a number of covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, restrict the ability of (i) TWM LLC to merge or consolidate with other entities, (ii) the subsidiaries of TWM LLC to incur or guarantee indebtedness and (iii) TWM LLC and its subsidiaries to create or incur liens. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all the covenants set forth in the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Factors Influencing Our Liquidity and Capital Resources Indebtedness in Part II of our 2023 Form 10-K for additional details regarding the terms, restrictions and covenants applicable to the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Operating Lease Obligations 
 We currently have operating leases for corporate offices and data centers with initial lease terms ranging from one to 10 years. Our operating lease obligations are primarily related to rental payments under lease agreements for office space in the United States and the United Kingdom through March 2030. In addition, in June 2024, we signed a new lease for our New York headquarters that is expected to commence in mid-2025 and has an expected initial lease term of approximately 16 years. In August 2024, the existing lease for our current New York headquarters was extended through September 2025. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our operating lease liabilities totaled 28.6 million, with payments pursuant to these obligations due within the next 12 months and thereafter totaling 12.6 million and 18.4 million, respectively. In addition, we are obligated on long-term future minimum lease payments totaling 159.2 million for a lease signed but not yet commenced as of September 30, 2024. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Expenditures 
 Our business also requires continued investment in our technology for product innovation, proprietary technology architecture, operational reliability and cybersecurity. Excluding cash paid at closing for acquisitions, we expect total cash paid for capital expenditures and software development costs for fiscal year 2024 to be approximately between 77 million and 85 million, compared to expenditures of 61.8 million in fiscal year 2023, with the midpoint of our 2024 capital expenditure guidance up 31 versus fiscal year 2023 primarily due to anticipated capitalized integration spend associated with the acquisitions of Yieldbroker, r8fin and ICD. Cash paid for capital expenditures and software development costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 50.9 million, excluding cash paid at closing for acquisitions. 
 Other Cash and Liquidity Requirements 
 Certain of our U.S. subsidiaries are registered as broker-dealers, SEFs or introducing brokers and are subject to the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and CFTC. These rules contain minimum net capital or other financial resource requirements, as defined in the applicable regulations. These rules may also require a significant part of the registrants assets be kept in relatively liquid form. Certain of our foreign subsidiaries are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK, the Nederlandsche Bank in the Netherlands, the Japanese Financial Services Agency, the Japanese Securities Dealers Association and other foreign regulators, and must maintain financial resources, as defined in the applicable regulations, in excess of the applicable financial resources requirement. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, each of our regulated subsidiaries had maintained sufficient net capital or financial resources to at least satisfy their minimum requirements, which in aggregate were 81.2 million and 76.7 million, respectively. We maintain capital balances in these subsidiaries in excess of our minimum requirements in order to satisfy working capital needs and to ensure that we have enough cash on hand to satisfy margin requirements and credit risk, including the excess capital expectations of our clients. The Fixed Income Clearing Corporation FICC and some of our clearing brokers require us to post collateral on unsettled positions, included within deposits with clearing organizations in our condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. Collateral amounts are marked to market on a daily basis, requiring us to pay or receive margin amounts as part of the daily funds settlement. Margin call requirements can vary significantly across periods based on daily market changes and may represent a significant and unpredictable use of our liquidity. 
 At times, transactions executed on our wholesale platform fail to settle due to the inability of a transaction party to deliver or receive the transacted security. Until the failed transaction settles, we will recognize a receivable from (and a matching payable to) brokers and dealers and clearing organizations for the proceeds from the unsettled transaction. The impact on our liquidity and capital resources is minimal as receivables and payables for failed transactions are usually recognized simultaneously and predominantly offset. However, from time to time, we enter into repurchase and/or reverse repurchase agreements to facilitate the clearance of securities relating to fails to deliver or receive. We seek to manage credit exposure related to these agreements to repurchase (or reverse repurchase), including the risk related to a decline in market value of collateral (pledged or received), by entering into agreements to repurchase with overnight or short-term maturity dates and only entering into repurchase transactions with netting members of the FICC. The FICC operates a continuous net settlement system, whereby as trades are submitted and compared, the FICC becomes the counterparty. 
 Historically we have used ICBC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, to clear U.S. Treasury trades executed by non-FICC members on our wholesale trading platform. Under that arrangement, ICBC submitted our trades from non-FICC members to the FICC under the ICBC netting account with the FICC. Following the November 2023 ransomware attack on some ICBC operating systems, including those used to clear U.S. Treasury and repurchase agreement financings, we have and may continue to self-clear these U.S. Treasury trades. As a result, this increased the number of trades that settle over the fed wire, instead of FICC clearing, and accordingly we have experienced and may continue to experience, an increase in the number of U.S. Treasury failed settlement transactions. As of September 30, 2024, we recorded a 297.8 million receivable and a 286.2 million payable from/to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations related to failed settlement transactions and we self-funded the remaining 11.7 million difference between the fail to deliver and fail to receive. All of the above failed settlement transactions outstanding as of September 30, 2024 were fully settled during October 2024. See below for further details regarding the changes to working capital as a result of these failed settlement transactions. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Working Capital 
 Working capital is defined as current assets minus current liabilities. Current assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, receivable from brokers and dealers and clearing organizations, deposits with clearing organizations, accounts receivable and receivable and due from affiliates. Current liabilities consist of securities sold under agreements to repurchase, payable to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations, accrued compensation, deferred revenue, payable and due to affiliates, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, lease liabilities and tax receivable agreement liability. Changes in working capital, which impact our cash flows provided by operating activities, can vary depending on factors such as delays in the collection of receivables, changes in our operating performance, changes in trading patterns, changes in client billing terms and other changes in the demand for our platforms and solutions. 
 Our working capital as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was as follows: 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 1,173,734 1,706,468 Restricted cash 1,000 1,000 Receivable from brokers and dealers and clearing organizations 297,842 381,178 Deposits with clearing organizations 65,277 36,806 Accounts receivable 248,615 168,407 Receivable and due from affiliates 97 192 Total current assets 1,786,565 2,294,051 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 21,612 Payable to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations 286,179 351,864 Accrued compensation 179,142 164,329 Deferred revenue 29,580 25,746 Payable and due to affiliates 1,582 1,327 Current portion of: Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 99,172 56,878 Lease liabilities 11,510 11,347 Tax receivable agreement liability 7,999 26,804 Total current liabilities 615,164 659,907 Total working capital 1,171,401 1,634,144 
 Current Assets 
 Current assets decreased to 1.8 billion as of September 30, 2024 from 2.3 billion as of December 31, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in cash and cash equivalents as a result of the cash paid for the ICD Acquisition and a decrease in receivable from brokers and dealers and clearing organizations resulting from a decrease in unsettled wholesale platform transactions and a lower value of fails to deliver, all of which settled in October 2024. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable resulting from an increase in revenues and timing of collections. See Cash Flows below for further discussion of the change in cash and cash equivalents. 
 Current Liabilities 
 Current liabilities decreased to 615.2 million as of September 30, 2024 from 659.9 million as of December 31, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in payable to brokers and dealers and clearing organizations resulting from a decrease in unsettled wholesale platform transactions and a lower value of fails to receive, all of which settled in October 2024. 
 See Other Cash and Liquidity Requirements above for a discussion on how capital requirements can impact our working capital. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 Our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 615,716 501,328 Net cash used in investing activities (922,903) (120,509) Net cash used in financing activities (229,915) (144,150) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 4,368 (488) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (532,734) 236,181 
 Operating Activities 
 Operating activities consist primarily of net income adjusted for noncash items that primarily include depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense and deferred tax expense. Cash flows from operating activities can fluctuate significantly from period-to-period as working capital needs and the timing of payments for accrued compensation (primarily in the first quarter) and other items impact reported cash flows. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 615.7 million, an increase of 114.4 million over the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by an increase in net income, partially offset by an increase in cash paid for income taxes and cash used to fund deposits with clearing organizations and other net changes in working capital. 
 Investing Activities 
 Investing activities consist primarily of software development costs, investments in technology hardware, purchases of equipment and other tangible assets, business acquisitions and investments. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 922.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which consisted of 860.4 million of total net cash paid for the acquisitions of ICD and r8fin (net of cash acquired), 35.2 million of capitalized software development costs, 11.6 million of cash paid for investments and 15.7 million of purchases of furniture, equipment, purchased software and leasehold improvements. Net cash used in investing activities was 120.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which consisted of 69.6 million of total net cash paid for the Yieldbroker Acquisition (net of cash acquired), 32.1 million of capitalized software development costs, 17.5 million of purchases of furniture, equipment, purchased software and leasehold improvements and 1.3 million of cash paid for a foreign currency call option, net of sale proceeds. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 229.9 million, and was primarily driven by 77.0 million in payments due under our Tax Receivable Agreement, 63.9 million in cash dividends to our Class A and Class B common stockholders, 24.8 million in distributions to non-controlling interest holders, 39.8 million in payroll tax payments for options, PRSUs and RSUs, net of proceeds from the related stock-based compensation option exercises and 24.4 million in share repurchases pursuant to the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 144.2 million, and was primarily driven by 41.2 million in payroll tax payments for options, PRSUs and RSUs, net of proceeds from the related stock-based compensation option exercises, 32.9 million in share repurchases pursuant to the 2022 Share Repurchase Program, 56.8 million in cash dividends to our Class A and Class B common stockholders and 7.5 million in distributions to non-controlling interest holders. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Free Cash Flow 
 In addition to cash flow from operating activities presented in accordance with GAAP, we use Free Cash Flow, a non-GAAP measure, to measure liquidity. Free Cash Flow is defined as cash flow from operating activities less non-acquisition related expenditures for capitalized software development costs and furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements. 
 We present Free Cash Flow because we believe it is a useful indicator of liquidity that provides information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated from our core operations after non-acquisition related expenditures for capitalized software development costs and furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements. 
 Free Cash Flow has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider Free Cash Flow in isolation or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities or any other liquidity measure determined in accordance with GAAP. You are encouraged to evaluate each adjustment. In addition, in evaluating Free Cash Flow, you should be aware that in the future, we may incur expenditures similar to the adjustments in the presentation of Free Cash Flow. In addition, Free Cash Flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies in our industry or across different industries. 
 The table set forth below presents a reconciliation of our cash flow from operating activities to Free Cash Flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Cash flow from operating activities 615,716 501,328 Less: Capitalization of software development costs (35,182) (32,105) Less: Purchases of furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements (15,729) (17,467) Free Cash Flow 564,805 451,756 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 In addition to net income, net income margin and net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc., each presented in accordance with GAAP, we present Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin as non-GAAP measures of our operating performance and Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per diluted share Adjusted Diluted EPS as non-GAAP measures of our profitability. 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income before interest income, interest expense, provision for income taxes and depreciation and amortization, adjusted for the impact of certain other items, including merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs, certain stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, tax receivable agreement liability adjustments, unrealized gains and losses from outstanding foreign currency forward contracts, gains and losses from the revaluation of foreign denominated cash and other income and loss. 
 Adjusted EBIT is defined as net income before interest income, interest expense and provision for income taxes, adjusted for the impact of certain other items, including merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs, certain stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, tax receivable agreement liability adjustments, depreciation and amortization related to acquisitions and the Refinitiv Transaction, unrealized gains and losses from outstanding foreign currency forward contracts, gains and losses from the revaluation of foreign denominated cash and other income and loss. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Net income margin is defined as net income, divided by revenue for the applicable period. Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin are defined as Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT, respectively, divided by revenue for the applicable period. 
 We present Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin because we believe they assist investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. For example, we exclude non-cash stock-based compensation expense associated with the Special Option Award as defined in Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and post-IPO options awarded in 2019 to management and other employees as well as payroll taxes associated with exercises of such options during the applicable period. The value of all previously issued options was fully expensed as of March 31, 2024, however we will continue to incur payroll tax expense as previously issued options are exercised by the holders. For applicable periods, we also exclude the incremental non-cash accelerated stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes associated with former and/or departing executive officers. The accelerated stock-based compensation expense associated with our former President was amortized through September 30, 2024. We also exclude stock-based compensation expense associated with special equity awards granted to help ensure the retention of key employees during the integration of acquisitions. We believe it is useful to exclude these stock-based compensation expenses and, as applicable, associated payroll taxes because the amount of expense may not directly correlate to the underlying performance of our business and will vary across periods. In addition, we exclude the tax receivable agreement liability adjustments discussed below under Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Tax Receivable Agreement. We believe it is useful to exclude the tax receivable agreement liability adjustment because the recognition of income during a period due to changes in the tax receivable agreement liability recorded in our condensed consolidated statements of financial condition as a result of changes in the mix of earnings, tax legislation and tax rates in various jurisdictions, or other factors that may impact our tax savings, may not directly correlate to the underlying performance of our business and will vary across periods. We also believe it is useful to exclude merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs as the incremental direct costs related to completed and potential acquisitions and related integrations are not indicative of our core ongoing operating performance. With respect to Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin, we believe it is useful to exclude the depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assets resulting from acquisitions and the application of pushdown accounting to the Refinitiv Transaction in order to facilitate a period-over-period comparison of our financial performance. 
 Management and our board of directors use Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin to assess our financial performance and believe they are helpful in highlighting trends in our core operating performance, while other measures can differ significantly depending on long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which we operate and capital investments. Further, our executive incentive compensation is based in part on components of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin. 
 Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 Adjusted Net Income is defined as net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. assuming the full exchange of all outstanding LLC Interests held by non-controlling interests for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock of Tradeweb Markets Inc., adjusted for certain stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, tax receivable agreement liability adjustments, merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs, depreciation and amortization related to acquisitions and the Refinitiv Transaction, unrealized gains and losses from outstanding foreign currency forward contracts, gains and losses from the revaluation of foreign denominated cash and other income and loss. Adjusted Net Income also gives effect to certain tax related adjustments to reflect an assumed effective tax rate. Adjusted Diluted EPS is defined as Adjusted Net Income divided by the diluted weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding for the applicable period (including the effect of potentially dilutive securities determined using the treasury stock method), plus the weighted average number of other participating securities reflected in earnings per share using the two-class method, plus the assumed full exchange of all outstanding LLC Interests held by non-controlling interests for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 We use Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS as supplemental metrics to evaluate our business performance in a way that also considers our ability to generate profit without the impact of certain items. We exclude certain stock-based compensation expense, tax receivable agreement liability adjustments, merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs and acquisition and Refinitiv Transaction-related depreciation and amortization for the reasons described above. Each of the normal recurring adjustments and other adjustments described in the definition of Adjusted Net Income helps to provide management with a measure of our operating performance over time by removing items that are not related to day-to-day operations or are non-cash expenses. In addition to excluding items that are non-recurring or may not be indicative of our ongoing operating performance, by assuming the full exchange of all outstanding LLC Interests held by non-controlling interests, we believe that Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS for Tradeweb Markets Inc. facilitate comparisons with other companies that have different organizational and tax structures, as well as comparisons period over period, because it eliminates the effect of any changes in net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. driven by increases in our ownership of TWM LLC, which are unrelated to our operating performance. 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider these non-GAAP financial measures in isolation or as alternatives to net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc., net income, net income margin, operating income, gross margin, earnings per share or any other financial measure derived in accordance with GAAP. You are encouraged to evaluate each adjustment and, as applicable, the reasons we consider it appropriate for supplemental analysis. In addition, in evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS you should be aware that in the future, we may incur expenses similar to the adjustments in the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies in our industry or across different industries. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 The table set forth below presents a reconciliation of net income and net income margin to Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Net income 130,223 111,630 410,021 315,762 Merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs (1) 
 14,488 4,614 21,752 6,411 Interest income 
 (16,663) (17,929) (59,234) (46,445) Interest expense 
 1,446 464 3,706 1,380 Depreciation and amortization 
 57,872 46,559 157,145 137,850 Stock-based compensation expense (2) 
 3,681 525 5,395 1,960 Provision for income taxes 
 43,450 28,666 134,135 90,920 Foreign exchange (gains) / losses (3) 
 4,459 (6,076) 2,097 (4,242) Tax receivable agreement liability adjustment (4) 
 870 870 Other (income) loss, net 
 (10) 1,907 (10) 2,022 Adjusted EBITDA 
 239,816 170,360 675,877 505,618 Less: Depreciation and amortization 
 (57,872) (46,559) (157,145) (137,850) Add: D A related to acquisitions and the Refinitiv Transaction (5) 
 41,949 31,971 111,031 95,217 Adjusted EBIT 
 223,893 155,772 629,763 462,985 Net income margin 
 29.0 34.0 32.5 32.6 Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 53.4 51.9 53.5 52.2 Adjusted EBIT margin 
 49.9 47.4 49.9 47.8 
 (1) Represents incremental direct costs associated with the acquisition and integration of completed and potential mergers and acquisitions. These costs generally include legal, consulting, advisory, due diligence, severance and certain other transaction expenses and third party costs incurred that directly relate to the acquisition transaction or its integration. 
 (2) Represents non-cash stock-based compensation expense associated with the Special Option Award and post-IPO options awarded in 2019 and payroll taxes associated with the exercise of such options. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, this adjustment also includes 2.4 million and 2.7 million, respectively, of non-cash accelerated stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes associated with our former President and 0.4 million and 0.4 million, respectively, of non-cash stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes associated with RSAs and RSUs issued to help retain key employees during the integration of ICD. 
 (3) Represents unrealized gain or loss recognized on foreign currency forward contracts and foreign exchange gain or loss from the revaluation of cash denominated in a different currency than the entity s functional currency. 
 (4) Represents income recognized during the applicable period due to changes in the tax receivable agreement liability recorded in the consolidated statement of financial condition as a result of changes in the mix of earnings, tax legislation and tax rates in various jurisdictions which impacted our tax savings. 
 (5) Represents intangible asset and acquired software amortization resulting from acquisitions and intangible asset amortization and increased tangible asset and capitalized software depreciation and amortization resulting from the application of pushdown accounting to the Refinitiv Transaction (where all assets were marked to fair value as of the closing date of the Refinitiv Transaction). 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Basis Point Change Constant Currency Basis Point Change (1) 
 2024 2023 Basis Point Change Constant Currency Basis Point Change (1) 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin 53.4 51.9 +154 bps +102 bps 53.5 52.2 +131 bps +118 bps Adjusted EBIT margin 49.9 47.4 +243 bps +192 bps 49.9 47.8 +206 bps +193 bps 
 (1) The changes in Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin, both on a constant currency basis, are non-GAAP financial measures, and are defined as the changes in Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin excluding the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin excluding the effects of foreign currency fluctuations are calculated by translating the current period and prior period s results using the annual average exchange rates for the prior period. We use the changes in Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin on a constant currency basis as supplemental metrics to evaluate our underlying margin performance between periods by removing the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. We believe that providing changes in Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin on a constant currency basis provide useful comparisons of our Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin and trends between periods. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 The table set forth below presents a reconciliation of net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. and net income, as applicable, to Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands except per share amounts) Earnings per diluted share 
 0.53 0.46 1.67 1.30 Net income attributable to Tradeweb Markets Inc. 
 113,916 98,614 359,297 275,552 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests (1) 
 16,307 13,016 50,724 40,210 Net income 
 130,223 111,630 410,021 315,762 Provision for income taxes 
 43,450 28,666 134,135 90,920 Merger and acquisition transaction and integration costs (2) 
 14,488 4,614 21,752 6,411 D A related to acquisitions and the Refinitiv Transaction (3) 
 41,949 31,971 111,031 95,217 Stock-based compensation expense (4) 
 3,681 525 5,395 1,960 Foreign exchange (gains) / losses (5) 
 4,459 (6,076) 2,097 (4,242) Tax receivable agreement liability adjustment (6) 
 870 870 Other (income) loss, net 
 (10) 1,907 (10) 2,022 Adjusted Net Income before income taxes 
 239,110 173,237 685,291 508,050 Adjusted income taxes (7) 
 (59,778) (42,443) (171,323) (124,472) Adjusted Net Income 
 179,332 130,794 513,968 383,578 Adjusted Diluted EPS (8) 
 0.75 0.55 2.16 1.62 
 (1) Represents the reallocation of net income attributable to non-controlling interests from the assumed exchange of all outstanding LLC Interests held by non-controlling interests for shares of Class A or Class B common stock. 
 (2) Represents incremental direct costs associated with the acquisition and integration of completed and potential mergers and acquisitions. These costs generally include legal, consulting, advisory, due diligence, severance and certain other transaction expenses and third party costs incurred that directly relate to the acquisition transaction or its integration. 
 (3) Represents intangible asset and acquired software amortization resulting from acquisitions and intangible asset amortization and increased tangible asset and capitalized software depreciation and amortization resulting from the application of pushdown accounting to the Refinitiv Transaction (where all assets were marked to fair value as of the closing date of the Refinitiv Transaction). 
 (4) Represents non-cash stock-based compensation expense associated with the Special Option Award and post-IPO options awarded in 2019 and payroll taxes associated with the exercise of such options. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, this adjustment also includes 2.4 million and 2.7 million, respectively, of non-cash accelerated stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes associated with our former President and 0.4 million and 0.4 million, respectively, of non-cash stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes associated with RSAs and RSUs issued to help retain key employees during the integration of ICD. 
 (5) Represents unrealized gain or loss recognized on foreign currency forward contracts and foreign exchange gain or loss from the revaluation of cash denominated in a different currency than the entity s functional currency. 
 (6) Represents income recognized during the applicable period due to changes in the tax receivable agreement liability recorded in the consolidated statement of financial condition as a result of changes in the mix of earnings, tax legislation and tax rates in various jurisdictions which impacted our tax savings. 
 (7) Represents corporate income taxes at an assumed effective tax rate of 25.0 applied to Adjusted Net Income before income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 24.5 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (8) For a summary of the calculation of Adjusted Diluted EPS, see Reconciliation of Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding to Adjusted Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding and Adjusted Diluted EPS below. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the calculation of Adjusted Diluted EPS for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Reconciliation of Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding to Adjusted Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding and Adjusted Diluted EPS Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Diluted weighted average shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding 
 215,096,974 213,491,634 214,885,210 212,276,908 Weighted average of other participating securities (1) 
 126,903 265,681 137,252 266,453 Assumed exchange of LLC Interests for shares of Class A or Class B common stock (2) 
 23,076,235 23,080,571 23,077,298 24,179,583 Adjusted diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 238,300,112 236,837,886 238,099,760 236,722,944 Adjusted Net Income (in thousands) 
 179,332 130,794 513,968 383,578 Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 0.75 0.55 2.16 1.62 
 (1) Represents the weighted average of unvested stock awards and unsettled vested stock awards issued to certain retired or terminated employees that are entitled to non-forfeitable dividend equivalent rights and are considered participating securities prior to being issued and outstanding shares of common stock in accordance with the two-class method used for purposes of calculating earnings per share. See Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of the two-class method. 
 (2) Assumes the full excha nge of the weighted average of all outstanding LLC Interests held by non-controlling interests for shares of Class A or Class B common stock, resulting in the elimination of the non-controlling interests and recognition of the net income attributable to non-controlling interests. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP which requires us to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates and assumptions are based on judgment and the best available information at the time. Management bases its estimates on historical experience, observance of trends in particular areas, information available from outside sources and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Information from these sources form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that may not be readily apparent from other sources. Therefore, actual results could differ materially from those estimates. Management evaluates its accounting policies, estimates and judgments on an on-going basis. 
 Management evaluated the development and selection of its critical accounting policies and estimates and believes that the following policies are most critical to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and that require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments in estimating the effect of inherent uncertainties. Our most critical policies and estimates include business combinations, revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, current and deferred income taxes and the tax receivable agreement liability. With respect to critical accounting policies and estimates, even a relatively minor variance between actual and expected experience can potentially have a materially favorable or unfavorable impact on subsequent results of operations. More information on all of our significant accounting policies can be found in Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Business Combinations 
 Business combinations are accounted for under the purchase method of accounting pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 . The total cost of an acquisition is allocated to the underlying net assets based on their respective estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is determined based on assumptions that reasonable market participants would use in the principal (or most advantageous) market for the asset or liability. Determining the fair value of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed is judgmental in nature and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash flows, discount rates, growth rates, customer attrition rates and asset lives. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 The most significant accounting estimates associated with both the ICD and r8fin acquisitions, which closed in August 2024 and January 2024, respectively, was the valuation of the acquired definite-lived intangible customer relationship assets (the Customer Relationships ), which were valued as of the closing date of each respective acquisition, at a combined total of approximately 396.5 million, and the valuation of the developed technology, which were valued, as of the closing date of each respective acquisition, at a combined total of approximately 188.0 million . The majority of the residual total purchase price, which between the two acquisitions total 900.4 million, net of cash acquired, was primarily allocated to goodwill, which was measured at a combined total of approximately 334.4 million as of the closing date of each respective acquisition . We utilized the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist to determine the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the respective closing date of each acquisition. Management is responsible for these valuations and appraisals. 
 The valuation of the Customer Relationships and the developed technology primarily included significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), creating a significant level of estimation uncertainty. Customer Relationships were valued using the income approach, specifically a multi-period excess earnings method. The excess earnings method examines the economic returns contributed by the identified tangible and intangible assets of a company, and then examines the excess return that is attributable to the intangible asset being valued. The discount rate used reflects the amount of risk associated with the hypothetical cash flows for the Customer Relationships relative to the overall business. In developing a discount rate for the Customer Relationships, the Company estimated a weighted-average cost of capital for the overall business and employed an intangible asset risk premium to this rate when discounting the excess earnings related to Customer Relationships. The resulting discounted cash flows were then tax-affected at the applicable statutory rate. 
 The developed technology was valued using the income approach, specifically the relief-from-royalty method RFRM ). The RFRM is used to estimate the cost savings that accrue to the owner of an intangible asset who would otherwise have to pay royalties or license fees on revenues earned through the use of the asset. The royalty rate is applied to the projected revenue over the expected remaining life of the intangible asset to estimate royalty savings. The net after-tax royalty savings are calculated for each year in the remaining economic life of the technology and discounted to present value. The discount rate used reflects the amount of risk associated with the hypothetical cash flows for the developed technology relative to the overall business as discussed above relating to the customer relationships . 
 For GAAP purposes, the C ustomer Relationships will be amortized over a useful life of 15 years for ICD and 13 years for r8fin and the developed technology acquired will be amortized over a useful life of eight years for ICD and seven years for r8fin. Any changes in the discount rate used for valuing the acquired assets or the estimated useful life used for amortization purposes could have a material impact on our c ondensed consolidated statements of financial condition and condensed consolidated statement of income. Any increases or decreases in the allocation of purchase price to Customer Relationships or the developed technology acquired, which are both amortizable assets, would be offset by a corresponding decrease or increase in goodwill, which is an indefinite-lived asset, not subject to amortization and as a result would impact the asset balances recorded on our c ondensed consolidated statements of financial condition as well as the amortization expense recorded on our condensed consolidated statements of income over the life of the asset. Any changes in the estimated useful life of the assets would also impact timing of the reduction of the net balance of intangible assets or software development costs, net of accumulated amortization on our condensed consolidated statements of financial condition and the timing of the recognition of amortization expense on our condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We enter into contracts with our clients to provide a stand-ready connection to our electronic marketplaces, which facilitates the execution of trades by our clients. The access to our electronic marketplaces includes market data and continuous pricing data refreshes and the processing and reporting of trades thereon, which are highly interrelated services. The stand-ready connection to our electronic marketplaces is considered a single performance obligation satisfied over time as the client simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit from our performance as access is provided. This performance obligation constitutes a series of services that are substantially the same in nature and are provided over time using the same measure of progress. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 For our services, we may earn subscription fees for granting access to our electronic marketplaces. We may also earn transaction fees and/or commissions from transactions executed on our trading platforms, including the basis point commissions earned on the monthly ADB of money market fund investments made through our ICD Portal and commission revenue from electronic and voice brokerage transacted on a riskless principal basis. Riskless principal revenues are derived on matched principal transactions where revenues are earned on the spread between the buy and sell price of the transacted product. Fixed monthly transaction fees and commissions or monthly transaction fee and commission minimums are generally earned on a monthly basis in the period the stand-ready trading services are provided. Variable transaction fee and commission revenue associated with a particular trade is recognized and recorded on a trade-date basis when the individual trade occurs. Variable commission revenue based upon a clients ADB invested in money market funds during a calendar month is recorded monthly. Variable discounts or rebates on transaction fees and commissions are generally earned and applied monthly or quarterly, are resolved within the same reporting period and are recorded as a reduction to revenue in the period the relevant trades occur. 
 We earn fees from LSEG relating to the sale of market data to LSEG, which distributes that data. Included in these fees are real-time market data fees which are recognized monthly on a straight-line basis as LSEG receives and consumes the benefit evenly, over the contact period, as the data is provided, and fees for historical data sets which are recognized when the historical data set is provided to LSEG. 
 We are required to make significant judgments for the LSEG market data fees. Significant judgments used in accounting for this contract include the following determinations: 
 The provision of real-time market data feeds and historical data sets are distinct performance obligations. 
 The performance obligations under this contract are recognized over time from the initial delivery of the data feeds until the end of the contract term or at a point in time upon delivery of each historical data set. 
 The transaction prices for the performance obligations were determined by using an adjusted market assessment analysis. Inputs in this analysis included publicly available price lists for data sets provided by other companies, planned internal pricing strategies and other market data points and adjustments obtained through consultations with market data industry experts regarding estimating a standalone selling price for each performance obligation. 
 During each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no material changes in the methodology or assumptions used to determine LSEG market data fees. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 The stock-based payments received by the employees of the Company are accounted for as equity awards. The Company measures and recognizes the cost of employee services received in exchange for awards of equity instruments based on their estimated fair values measured as of the grant date. 
 For performance-based restricted stock units that vest based on market conditions PSUs ), the Company recognizes stock-based compensation based on the estimated grant date fair value of the awards computed with the assistance of a valuation specialist using a Monte Carlo simulation on a binomial model, which represents a significant accounting estimate given the significant level of estimation uncertainty relating to the selection of valuation assumptions required for the valuation. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the PSUs are years of maturity, annualized volatility and the risk-free interest rate. The maturity period represents the period of time that the award granted was modeled into the future, the risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of measurement corresponding with the maturity period of the award and the expected volatility is based upon historical volatility of the Company s Class A common stock. On March 15, 2024, we granted 86,592 PSUs with a grant date fair value totaling 12.9 million, which will be amortized into expense on a straight-line basis through December 31, 2026. The significant assumptions used in determining the grant date fair value of the award were a maturity of 2.8 years, annualized volatility of 26.63 and a risk-free interest rate of 4.44 . A change in any of the assumptions used to value these awards could materially affect stock-based compensation expense recorded in the current and future periods. During each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no material changes in the methodology or assumptions used to determine the valuation of our annual PSU grants. 
 
 For performance-based restricted stock units that vest based on the financial performance of the Company PRSUs ), the Company recognizes stock-based compensation based on the fair market value of our Class A common stock at the grant date and an estimate of the number of shares included in expense each period is based on management s estimate of the probable final performance modifier for those grants, with such estimate updated each period until the performance modifier is finalized. On March 15, 2024, we granted 201,546 PRSUs at a weighted-average grant-date fair value of 104.66. For these awards, the financial performance of the Company will be determined based on the compound annual growth rate over a three-year 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 performance period beginning on January 1 in the year of grant and the performance modifier can vary between 0 (minimum) and 250 (maximum) of the target (100 award amount. As of September 30, 2024, a 10 decrease in the expected final share payouts would decrease the expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 by 1.1 million. 
 Income Taxes 
 Tradeweb Markets Inc. is subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes with respect to its taxable income, including its allocable share of any taxable income of TWM LLC, and is taxed at prevailing corporate tax rates. TWM LLC is a multiple member limited liability company taxed as a partnership and accordingly any taxable income generated by TWM LLC is passed through to and included in the taxable income of its members, including to us. TWM LLC records taxes for conducting business in certain state, local and foreign jurisdictions and records U.S. federal taxes for subsidiaries that are taxed as corporations for U.S. tax purposes. We currently record deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and measure the deferred taxes using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such temporary differences are expected to reverse. The measurement of deferred taxes often involves the exercise of significant judgment related to the realization of tax basis. Our deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect our assessment that tax positions taken in filed tax returns and the resulting tax basis are more likely than not to be sustained if they are audited by taxing authorities. Assessing tax rates that we expect to apply and determining the years when the temporary differences are expected to affect taxable income requires judgment about the future apportionment of our income among the jurisdictions in which we operate. Any changes in our practices or judgments involved in the measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities could materially impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 In connection with recording deferred tax assets and liabilities, we record valuation allowances when we believe that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be able to realize its deferred tax assets in the future. We evaluate our deferred tax assets quarterly to determine whether adjustments to our valuation allowance are appropriate in light of changes in facts or circumstances, such as changes in tax law, interactions with taxing authorities and developments in case law. In making this evaluation, we rely on our recent history of pre-tax earnings, our forecasts of future earnings and the nature and timing of future deductions and benefits represented by the deferred tax assets, all of which involve the exercise of significant judgment. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we have no valuation allowance established on our deferred tax assets. If forecasts of future earnings and the nature and estimated timing of future deductions and benefits change in the future, we may determine that existing valuation allowances must be revised or new valuation allowances created, any of which could materially impact our financial condition or results of operations. See Note 6 Income Taxes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes in our condensed consolidated statements of income. Accrued interest and penalties are included within accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in our condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. A U.S. shareholder of a controlled foreign corporation CFC is required to include in income, as a deemed dividend, the global intangible low-taxed income GILTI of the CFC. We have elected to treat taxes due on future U.S. inclusions in taxable income of GILTI as a current period expense when incurred. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 Tradeweb Markets Inc. entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement with TWM LLC and the Continuing LLC Owners which provides for the payment by Tradeweb Markets Inc. to a Continuing LLC Owner of 50 of the amount of U.S. federal, state and local income or franchise tax savings, if any, that Tradeweb Markets Inc. actually realizes (or in some circumstances is deemed to realize) as a result of (i) increases in the tax basis of TWM LLC s assets resulting from (a) the purchase of LLC Interests from a Continuing LLC Owner, including with the net proceeds from the IPO, the October 2019 and April 2020 follow-on offerings and any future offering or (b) redemptions or exchanges by a Continuing LLC Owner of LLC Interests for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock or for cash, as applicable, and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to Tradeweb Markets Inc. making payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Substantially all payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement are payable over the 15 years following the purchase of LLC Interests from Continuing LLC Owners or redemption or exchanges by Continuing LLC Owners of LLC Interests. The timing of the payments over the 15 year period is dependent upon our annual taxable income over the same period. In determining the estimated timing of payments, the current year s taxable income is used to extrapolate an estimate of future taxable income. This requires significant judgment relating to projecting future earnings, the geographic mix of those earnings and the timing of deferred taxes becoming current. 
 The impact of any changes in the total projected obligations recorded under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of actual changes in the geographic mix of our earnings, changes in tax legislation and tax rates or other factors that may impact our actual tax savings realized will be reflected in income before taxes in the period in which the change occurs. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements and Recent SEC Final Rules 
 See Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and recent SEC final rule activity. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS 
 Foreign Currency and Derivative Risk 
 We have global operations and substantial portions of our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are generated and denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies. 
 The following table shows the percentage breakdown of our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 of revenue denominated in foreign currencies (1) 
 28 28 29 28 of operating expenses denominated in foreign currencies (2) 
 14 16 15 16 
 (1) Revenue in foreign currencies is primarily denominated in euros. 
 (2) Operating expenses in foreign currencies are primarily denominated in British pounds sterling. 
 Revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies are recorded in the appropriate functional currency for the legal entity at the rate of exchange prevailing at the transaction date. Monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in non-functional currencies are then remeasured at the end of each reporting period at the exchange rate prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Foreign currency remeasurement gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities in nonfunctional currencies are recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of income within general and administrative expenses. Realized and unrealized gains/losses from foreign currency remeasurement of transactions in nonfunctional currencies recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of income within general and administrative expense totaled a 0.9 million loss and a 0.7 million gain during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and realized and unrealized losses totaled 2.9 million and 1.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Since our condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we also translate all non-U.S. dollar functional currency revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars. All non-U.S. dollar functional currency revenue and expense amounts are translated into U.S. dollars monthly at the average exchange rate for the month. All non-U.S. dollar functional currency assets and liabilities are translated at the rate prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Gains or losses on translation in the financial statements, when the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, are included as a component of other comprehensive income. Accordingly, increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against the other currencies will affect our operating revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items. 
 Aside from U.S. dollars, a significant portion of our revenues are denominated in euros and a significant portion of our expenses are denominated in British pound sterling. The following table shows the average foreign currency exchange rates to the U.S. dollar for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Euros 1.10 1.09 1.09 1.08 British pound sterling 1.30 1.27 1.28 1.24 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows the change in revenue and operating income caused by fluctuations in foreign currency rates used in translation during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Impact of Foreign Currency Rate Fluctuations (dollars in thousands) September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Increase (decrease) in revenue 1,300 2,100 300 5,000 Increase (decrease) in operating income 100 1,600 (1,700) 4,600 
 The following table shows the impact a hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in the U.S. dollar against all other currencies and a hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in only euro or only British pound sterling exchange rates would have on the translation of actual revenue and operating income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Hypothetical 10 Change in Value of U.S. Dollar (dollars in thousands) September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 All currencies Effect of 10 change on revenue +/- 14,200 +/- 10,300 +/- 40,700 +/- 30,000 Effect of 10 change on operating income +/- 
 9,700 +/- 
 6,500 +/- 27,700 +/- 19,400 Euros Effect of 10 change on revenue +/- 12,100 +/- 9,200 +/- 35,500 +/- 27,200 Effect of 10 change on operating income +/- 11,800 +/- 8,700 +/- 34,400 +/- 25,900 British pound sterling Effect of 10 change on revenue +/- 900 +/- 500 +/- 1,900 +/- 1,300 Effect of 10 change on operating income +/- 2,300 +/- 2,100 +/- 7,500 +/- 6,400 
 We have derivative risk relating to our foreign exchange derivative contracts. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate our U.S. dollar and British pound sterling versus euro exposure, generally with a duration of not more than 12 months. In June 2023, we also entered into a foreign currency call option on Australian dollars, in order to partially mitigate the Company s U.S. dollar versus Australian dollar foreign exchange exposure on the then-anticipated payment of the Australian dollar denominated purchase price for the Yieldbroker acquisition. The out-of-the-money foreign currency call option was unwound in August 2023 and we recognized losses during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 totaling 1.9 million and 1.3 million, respectively, relating to this option. We do not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the notional amount of our foreign currency forward contracts was 236.1 million and 192.9 million, respectively. Realized and unrealized gains/losses on foreign currency forward contracts totaled a 3.1 million loss and a 3.9 million gain during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and realized and unrealized gains on foreign currency forward contracts totaled 3.8 million and 4.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 By using derivative instruments to hedge exposures to foreign currency fluctuations, we are exposed to credit risk. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates credit risk for us. When the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we owe the counterparty and, therefore, we are not exposed to the counterparty s credit risk in those circumstances. We attempt to minimize counterparty credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties whose credit rating is at least upper-medium investment grade. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , the counterparty on each of the foreign exchange derivative contracts was an affiliate of LSEG. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Risk 
 Cash and cash equivalents includes cash and highly liquid investments held by a limited number of global financial institutions, including cash amounts in excess of federally insured limits. To mitigate this concentration of credit risk, the Company invests through high-credit-quality financial institutions, monitors the concentration of credit exposure of investments with any single obligor and diversifies as determined appropriate. 
 We have credit risk relating to our receivables, which are primarily receivables from financial institutions, including investment managers and brokers and dealers and our investments in available-for-sale debt securities. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , the allowance for credit losses with regard to these receivables totaled 0.2 million and 0.3 million, respectively. 
 In the normal course of our business we, as an agent, execute transactions with, and on behalf of, other brokers and dealers. If these transactions do not settle because of failure to perform by either counterparty, we may be obligated to discharge the obligation of the non-performing party and, as a result, may incur a loss if the market value of the instrument is different than the contractual amount. This credit risk exposure can be directly impacted by volatile trading markets, as our clients may be unable to satisfy their contractual obligations during volatile trading markets. 
 Additionally, in the normal course of business, the Company, as an introducing broker, executes transactions on behalf of or with customers of the Company, which are cleared by a clearing broker. As between the Company and the clearing broker, the Company is responsible for losses that may result from the clearing broker s rejection, reversal or cancellation of a transaction. 
 Our policy is to monitor our market exposure and counterparty risk. Counterparties are evaluated for creditworthiness and risk assessment prior to our initiating contract activities. The counterparties creditworthiness is then monitored on an ongoing basis, and credit levels are reviewed to ensure that there is not an inappropriate concentration of credit outstanding to any particular counterparty. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management has evaluated, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a 15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q are effective at a reasonable assurance level in ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. While our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of their effectiveness, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Except as set forth in Note 13 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes from the legal proceedings previously disclosed under the heading Item 3. Legal Proceedings in Part I of our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes to our principal risks that we believe are material to our business, results of operations and financial condition, from the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of our 2023 Form 10-K . 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 On April 5, 2024, the Company entered into a definitive agreement for TWM LLC to acquire ICD, which closed on August 1, 2024. In connection with the acquisition closing, we issued and sold a total of 41,705 share s of Class A common stock in exchange for 4.5 million of cash, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The shares of Class A common stock were issued as restricted stock, subject to vesting and forfeiture terms, pursuant to the Tradeweb Markets Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. The Company relied on this exemption from registration based in part on the nature of the transaction and the representations made by the recipient of the Class A common stock, which was a former equityholder of the seller of ICD, and also a former employee of ICD and currently an employee of Tradeweb. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased the following shares of Class A common stock: 
 Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 (in thousands) July 1, 2024 July 31, 2024 239,794 August 1, 2024 August 31, 2024 110,950 114.84 110,950 227,053 September 1, 2024 September 30, 2024 103,845 118.09 103,845 214,790 Total 214,795 116.41 214,795 
 (1) On December 5, 2022, we announced that our board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the 2022 Share Repurchase Program ), after completing in October 2022, the 150.0 million of total repurchases of the Company s Class A common stock previously authorized in February 2021 (the 2021 Share Repurchase Program ). The 2022 Share Repurchase Program was authorized to continue to offset annual dilution from stock-based compensation plans, as well as to opportunistically repurchase our Class A common stock. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program authorizes the purchase of up to 300.0 million of our Class A common stock at the Company s discretion and has no termination date. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program can be effected through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1), through privately negotiated transactions or through accelerated share repurchases, each in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program does not require the Company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. 
 Each share of Class A common stock repurchased pursuant to the share repurchase programs was funded with the proceeds, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, from the repurchase by Tradeweb Markets LLC of an LLC Interest directly from the Corporation in order to maintain (subject to certain exceptions) the one-to-one ratio between outstanding shares of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock and the LLC Interests owned by the Corporation. 
 The table above does not reflect shares surrendered to cover the payroll tax withholding obligations upon the exercise of stock options and vesting of PRSUs and RSUs. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company withheld 18,797 shares of Class A common stock in connection with such exercises and vesting of stock awards. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 (a) None. 
 (b) None. 
 (c) Securities Trading Plans of Executive Officers and Director s 
 by our executive officers and directors during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Name and Title Action Date Aggregate Number of Securities to be Purchased or Sold Scheduled Expiration Date (1) 

Sale of an amount equal to up to: (A) shares of Class A Common Stock, plus (B) up to shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon the vesting on May 10, 2025 of previously awarded restricted stock units. 

Sale of an amount equal to up to: (A) shares of Class A Common Stock, plus (B) (i) shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon the vesting on January 1, 2025 of previously awarded performance-based restricted stock units, plus (ii) the number of shares issued upon vesting on January 1, 2025 in settlement of dividend equivalent rights in respect of the shares subject to the performance-based restricted stock units that accrued during the award s vesting period of March 15, 2022 - January 1, 2025, pursuant to the terms of the award agreement and determined on the vesting date, less (iii) the number of shares withheld for taxes, to be determined on the vesting date. 

Sale of an amount equal to up to: (A) (i) shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon the vesting on January 1, 2025 of previously awarded performance-based restricted stock units, plus (ii) the number of shares issued upon vesting on January 1, 2025 in settlement of dividend equivalent rights in respect of the shares subject to the performance-based restricted stock units that accrued during the award s vesting period of March 15, 2022 - January 1, 2025, pursuant to the terms of the award agreement and determined on the vesting date, less (iii) the number of shares withheld for taxes, to be determined on the vesting date, plus (B) (i) shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon the vesting on March 15, 2025 of previously awarded restricted stock units, plus (ii) the number of shares issued upon vesting on March 15, 2025 in settlement of dividend equivalent rights in respect of the shares subject to the restricted stock units that accrued during the awards applicable vesting period, pursuant to the terms of the applicable award agreement and determined on the vesting date, 2 less (iii) the number of shares withheld for taxes, to be determined on the vesting date. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

Sale of an amount equal to up to: (A) (i) shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon the vesting on January 1, 2025 of previously awarded performance-based restricted stock units, plus (ii) the number of shares issued upon vesting on January 1, 2025 in settlement of dividend equivalent rights in respect of the shares subject to the performance-based restricted stock units that accrued during the award s vesting period of March 15, 2022 - January 1, 2025, pursuant to the terms of the award agreement and determined on the vesting date, less (iii) the number of shares withheld for taxes, to be determined on the vesting date, plus (B) (i) shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon the vesting on March 15, 2025 of previously awarded restricted stock units, plus (ii) the number of shares issued upon vesting on March 15, 2025 in settlement of dividend equivalent rights in respect of the shares subject to the restricted stock units that accrued during the awards applicable vesting period, pursuant to the terms of the applicable award agreement and determined on the vesting date, 2 less (iii) the number of shares withheld for taxes, to be determined on the vesting date. 

Sale of an amount equal to up to: (A) (i) shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon the vesting on January 1, 2025 of previously awarded performance-based restricted stock units, plus (ii) the number of shares issued upon vesting on January 1, 2025 in settlement of dividend equivalent rights in respect of the shares subject to the performance-based restricted stock units that accrued during the award s vesting period of March 15, 2022 - January 1, 2025, pursuant to the terms of the award agreement and determined on the vesting date, less (iii) the number of shares withheld for taxes, to be determined on the vesting date, plus (B) (i) shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon the vesting on March 15, 2025 of previously awarded restricted stock units, plus (ii) the number of shares issued upon vesting on March 15, 2025 in settlement of dividend equivalent rights in respect of the shares subject to the restricted stock units that accrued during the awards applicable vesting period, pursuant to the terms of the applicable award agreement and determined on the vesting date, 2 less (iii) the number of shares withheld for taxes, to be determined on the vesting date, plus (C) (i) shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon the vesting on March 30, 2025 of previously awarded restricted stock units, plus (ii) the number of shares issued upon vesting on March 30, 2025 in settlement of dividend equivalent rights in respect of the shares accrued during the award s vesting period of October 1, 2021 - March 15, 2025, pursuant to the terms of the award agreement and determined on the vesting date, less (iii) the number of shares withheld for taxes, to be determined on the vesting date. 
 
 (1) In each case, the Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement may also expire on such earlier date as all such transactions under the trading arrangement are completed or at such time as such trading arrangement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its terms. 
 (2) Includes awards of restricted stock units granted in 2022, 2023 and 2024, which awards vest one-third each year over a three-year period. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or executive officers , modified or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 

87 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) or 15d 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) or 15d 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover page formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 TRADEWEB MARKETS INC. October 30, 2024 /s/ William Hult By: William Hult Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) October 30, 2024 /s/ Sara Furber 
 By: Sara Furber Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 89 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 twm-2024x09x30xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, William Hult, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Tradeweb Markets Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 October 30, 2024 s William Hult William Hult Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 twm-2024x09x30xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Sara Furber, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Tradeweb Markets Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 October 30, 2024 s Sara Furber Sara Furber Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 twm-2024x09x30xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Tradeweb Markets Inc. (the Company for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), William Hult, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 October 30, 2024 s William Hult William Hult Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 twm-2024x09x30xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Tradeweb Markets Inc. (the Company for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Sara Furber, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to her knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 October 30, 2024 s Sara Furber Sara Furber Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tw-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 tw-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tw-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tw-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tw-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

