<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1738827_0001738827-24-000076.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5298919</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>94970</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>982665</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1813019</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1193541</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1106916</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001738827-24-000076.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031163421
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001738827-24-000076
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001738827
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL, GAS FIELD SERVICES, NBC [1389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				364904146
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38609
		FILM NUMBER:		241415750

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3040 POST OAK BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(832) 844-1015

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3040 POST OAK BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KLX Energy Services Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180426

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001738827-24-000076.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 klxe-20240930.htm
 10-Q

klxe-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For The Quarterly Period Ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 

Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 , 
 ) 
 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of principal executive offices of registrant) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The registrant has one class of common stock, 0.01 par value, of which shares were outstanding as of October 30, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. 
 Form 10-Q 
 Table of Contents 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 31 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 32 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 32 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 32 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 32 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 33 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 34 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 34 
 SIGNATURES 
 35 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions of U.S. dollars and shares, except per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable trade, net of allowance of and 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease assets Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued interest Accrued liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of operating lease obligations Current portion of finance lease obligations Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease obligations Long-term finance lease obligations Other non-current liabilities Commitments, contingencies and off-balance sheet arrangements (Note 8) par value; authorized; and issued 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost, shares and shares 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In millions of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Revenues Costs and expenses: Cost of sales Depreciation and amortization Selling, general and administrative Research and development costs Impairment and other charges Bargain purchase gain ) Operating income (loss) ) Non-operating expense: Interest income ) ) ) ) Interest expense Net (loss) income before income tax ) ) Income tax expense Net (loss) income ) ) Net (loss) income per share-basic ) ) Net (loss) income per share-diluted ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 In millions of U.S. dollars and shares 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Restricted stock, net of forfeitures Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of cost ) Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Restricted stock, net of forfeitures Issuance of common stock, net of cost ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Restricted stock, net of forfeitures Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Restricted stock, net of forfeitures Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Greene's Acquisition Issuance of common stock, net of cost ) ) Net income Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Restricted stock, net of forfeitures Net income Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Restricted stock, net of forfeitures Issuance of common stock, net of cost ) ) Net income Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In millions of U.S. dollars) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash flows provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Impairment and other charges Non-cash compensation Amortization of deferred financing fees Provision for inventory reserve Change in allowance for doubtful accounts ) Gain on disposal of property, equipment and other ) ) Bargain purchase gain ) Other ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current and non-current assets Accounts payable ) ) Other current and non-current liabilities ) ) Net cash flows provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Cash from acquisition Net cash flows used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Proceeds from stock issuance, net of costs ) ) Payments on finance lease obligations ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) ) Proceeds from note payable Change in financed payables ) ) Net cash flows used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during period for: Income taxes paid, net of refunds Interest 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited U.S. dollars in millions, except per share data) 
 
 NOTE 1 - 
 
 service and support facilities located throughout the United States. 
 
 The Company offers a complementary suite of proprietary products and specialized services that is supported by technically skilled personnel and a broad portfolio of innovative in-house manufacturing, repair and maintenance capabilities. KLXE s primary services include coiled tubing, directional drilling, fishing, flowback, fluid pumping, hydraulic fracturing rentals, pressure control, pressure pumping, rig-assisted snubbing, special situation services, thru-tubing and wireline. KLXE s primary rentals include accommodation units, blow out preventers, downhole tools, hydraulic fracturing stacks and tubulars. KLXE s primary product offering includes a suite of proprietary dissolvable and composite plugs along with casing equipment, float equipment, inflatables, liner hangers and stage cementing tools. 
 
 On March 8, 2023, KLXE acquired all of the equity interests of Greene s Energy Group, LLC Greene s ), in an all-stock transaction (the Greene's Acquisition ), including in cash, which was subsequently adjusted to due to a working capital adjustment. Greene s is a leading provider of wellhead protection, flowback and well testing services. The Greene s Acquisition augments the KLXE frac rental and flowback offering, providing KLXE with a broader presence in the Permian and Eagle Ford basins. See Note 3 - Business Combinations. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 2 - 

NOTE 3 - 
 
 million shares of our common stock, par value per share Common Stock subject to customary post-closing adjustments, with an implied enterprise value of approximately based on a -day volume weighted average price as of March 7, 2023 less acquired cash. Following the closing of the transaction, former shareholders of Greene s held approximately of the fully diluted Common Stock of the Company, as of March 8, 2023. The integration was complete in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 This transaction was accounted for as a purchase under FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ). The results of operations for the acquisition are included in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations from the respective date of acquisition. 
 
 Under the acquisition method of accounting, we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration transferred to the tangible assets and intangible assets acquired, if any, and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values on the date of the acquisition. The fair values assigned, defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between willing market participants, are based on estimates and assumptions determined by management. The estimated fair value of the assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed, exceeds the purchase consideration, resulting in a bargain purchase gain. This has been presented as a separate line item on the consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The fair values assigned to certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed in relation to the Company s acquisition have been prepared on a preliminary basis with information currently available and are subject to change. The Company has finalized its analysis in the first quarter of 2024. 
 Accounts receivable-trade Other current and non-current assets Property and equipment Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Other current and non-current liabilities ) Bargain purchase, net of deferred taxes ) Total purchase price 

8 

Table of Contents 

 Net (loss) income ) ) 
 
 NOTE 4 - 
 
 Plugs Consumables Other Subtotal Less: Inventory reserve ) ) Total inventories, net 
 
 Inventories are made up of spare parts, composite and dissolvable plugs, consumables (including thru-tubing accessory tools, chemicals and cement) and other (including coiled tubing strings and wireline spools) used to perform services for customers. The Company values inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Inventories are reported net of inventory reserve of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 5 - 
 
 Machinery Equipment and furniture ROU assets - finance leases Total property and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Add: Construction in progress Total property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense related to non-leased fixed assets was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Finance lease amortization expense was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Assets Held for Sale 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet included assets classified as held for sale of . The assets held for sale are reported within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet and represent the value of operational facility and select equipment. These assets were being actively marketed for sale as of September 30, 2024 and are recorded at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. 
 
 NOTE 6 - 
 ABL Facility Total principal outstanding Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt Less: Current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt 
 As of September 30, 2024, long-term debt consisted of principal amount of senior secured notes due 2025 (the Senior Secured Notes offered pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the Securities Act and to certain non-U.S. persons outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. On a net basis, after taking into consideration unamortized debt issuance costs for the Senior Secured Notes, total debt related to the Senior Secured Notes as of September 30, 2024 was . The Senior Secured Notes bear interest at an annual rate of , payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1. Accrued interest related to the Senior Secured Notes was as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company also had a asset-based revolving credit facility pursuant to a senior secured credit agreement dated August 10, 2018, as amended by the ABL Amendment (as defined 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 to . As of September 30, 2024, the balance outstanding under the ABL Facility has been classified as a current liability. 
 
 The ABL Facility is tied to a borrowing base formula and has no maintenance financial covenants as long as the minimum level of borrowing availability is maintained. The ABL Facility is secured by, among other things, a first priority lien on the Company s accounts receivable and inventory and contains customary conditions precedent to borrowing and affirmative and negative covenants. 
 
 The ABL Facility includes a springing financial covenant which requires the Company s consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio FCCR to be at least to if availability falls below the greater of or of the line cap. At all times during the three months ended September 30, 2024, availability exceeded this threshold, and the Company was not subject to this financial covenant. As of September 30, 2024, the FCCR was below to , and the Company was in full compliance with the ABL Facility. 
 
 Borrowings outstanding under the ABL Facility were as of September 30, 2024 and bear interest at a rate equal to Term SOFR (as defined in the ABL Facility) plus the Applicable Margin (as defined in the ABL Facility). The effective interest rate under the ABL Facility was approximately on September 30, 2024. Total letters of credit outstanding under the ABL Facility were at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. Accrued interest under the ABL Facility was as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 We have funds available under the ABL Facility of on the September 2024 ABL Facility Borrowing Base Certificate. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had of outstanding short-term indebtedness related to the financing of various insurance premiums. 
 
 NOTE 7 - 
 
 debt outstanding under 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Percent Due 2025 
 Total Senior Secured Notes 
 
 Fair value measurements at reporting date using December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Senior Secured Notes, Percent Due 2025 
 Total Senior Secured Notes 
 
 The following tables present the placement in the fair value hierarchy of Assets Held for Sale, as disclosed in Note 5 - Property and Equipment, Net, based on sales contracts and comparative price quotes, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 Fair value measurements at reporting date using September 30, 2024 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Held for Sale Total Assets Held for Sale 
 
 Fair value measurements at reporting date using December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Held for Sale Total Assets Held for Sale 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there was before-tax loss (gain) related to Assets Held for Sale. 

NOTE 8 - 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 9 - 
 
 . On November 16, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Equity Distribution Agreement (the EDA Amendment ). Among other things, the EDA Amendment allows for debt-for-equity exchanges in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. Sales of Common Stock under the Equity Distribution Agreement may be made in any transactions that are deemed to be at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act. 
 
 Shares of Common Stock offered and sold in the ATM Offering were issued pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-256149) filed with the SEC on May 14, 2021 and declared effective on June 11, 2021 (the Registration Statement ), the prospectus supplement relating to the ATM Offering filed with the SEC on June 14, 2021 and any applicable additional prospectus supplements related to the ATM Offering that form a part of the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement expired on June 11, 2024 pursuant to Rule 415(a)(5) under the Securities Act. Sales under the ATM Offering program may restart when and if the Company files a prospectus supplement under a successor registration statement. 
 
 The Equity Distribution Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Agent, including for liabilities under the Securities Act, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. Under the terms of the Equity 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 of the gross sales price of the Common Stock sold. 
 
 The Company used the net proceeds from the ATM Offering, after deducting the Agent s commissions and the Company s offering expenses, for general corporate purposes, which included funding acquisitions, capital expenditures and working capital. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did sell any shares of Common Stock and incurred legal and administrative fees of and , respectively. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company did sell any shares of Common Stock and incurred legal and administrative fees of and , respectively. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 The Company has a Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP under which the compensation committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company (the Compensation Committee has the authority to grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other forms of equity-based or equity-related awards. Compensation cost for the LTIP grants is generally recorded on a straight-line basis over the vesting term of the shares based on the grant date value using the closing trading price. 
 
 On May 10, 2023, the stockholders of KLXE approved the Second Amended and Restated KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan, amended and restated as of March 8, 2023 (the Amended and Restated LTIP ), which, among other things, increased the total number of shares of Company Common Stock, par value per share, for issuance by shares, resulting in an increase of the total number of shares of our Common Stock reserved for issuance to , and extended the expiration date to March 8, 2033. A description of the Amended and Restated LTIP is included in the Company s proxy statement, filed with the SEC on March 28, 2023. 
 
 Compensation cost recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was related to grants of restricted stock as approved by the Compensation Committee. Stock-based compensation was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards made by the Company was at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. 
 
 NOTE 10 - 
 
 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and was comprised primarily of state and local taxes. Income tax benefit was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and was comprised primarily of state and local taxes, offset by a deferred tax benefit recognized from a reduction in the valuation allowance related to the Greene's Acquisition. The Company has a valuation allowance against its deferred tax balances and, as a result, it was unable to recognize a federal tax benefit on its year-to-date losses. 
 
 The Company continues to monitor additional guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury Department, the Internal Revenue Service and others. 
 
 NOTE 11 - 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 reportable segments. 
 
 Southwest Northeast/Mid-Con Total revenues Operating income (loss) 
 Rocky Mountains Southwest Northeast/Mid-Con Corporate and other ) ) ) ) Total operating income (loss) ) Interest income ) ) ) ) Interest expense Net (loss) income before income tax ) ) 
 
 Completion Production Intervention Total revenues 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Rocky Mountains Southwest Northeast /Mid-Con Total Rocky Mountains Southwest Northeast /Mid-Con Total Drilling Completion Production Intervention Total revenues 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Southwest Northeast/Mid-Con Total Corporate and other Total assets 
 
 Southwest Northeast/Mid-Con Corporate and other Total capital expenditures 

NOTE 12 - 
 
 and million shares of the Company s Common Stock, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million shares of the Company's Common Stock, respectively, were excluded from the determination of diluted net (loss) income per common share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive.) ) (Shares in millions) Basic weighted average common shares Effect of dilutive securities - dilutive securities Diluted weighted average common shares Basic net (loss) income per common share ) ) Diluted net (loss) income per common share ) ) 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements to encourage companies to provide prospective information to investors. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report includes forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations and projections about our future results, performance and prospects. Forward-looking statements include all 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 statements that are not historical in nature or are not current facts. When used in this Quarterly Report, the words believe, expect, plan, intend, anticipate, estimate, predict, potential, continue, may, might, should, could, will or the negative of these terms or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions about future events and are based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. 
 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause our actual results, performance and prospects to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include those discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), in particular those discussed under the headings Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in this Quarterly Report, including the following factors: 
 
 general economic conditions, such as inflation and government efforts to reduce inflation or a recession; 
 persistent volatility in national and global crude oil demand and crude oil prices; 
 increased costs and other changes in supply, demand and costs of equipment; 
 the possibility of inefficiencies, curtailments or shutdowns in our customers operations whether in response to reductions in demand or other factors; 
 uncertainty regarding our future operating results; 
 regulation of and dependence upon the energy industry; 
 the cyclical nature of the energy industry; 
 fluctuations in market prices for fuel, oil and natural gas; 
 overall domestic and global political and economic conditions and developments, including the outcome of the U.S. presidential election and the imposition of tariffs or trade or other economic sanctions, and political instability or armed conflict, including the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine, the Israel-Gaza region and elsewhere in the Middle East, including rising tensions with Iran; 
 our ability to maintain acceptable pricing for our services; 
 competitive conditions within the industry; 
 the loss of or interruption in operations of one or more key suppliers; 
 legislative or regulatory changes and potential liability under federal and state laws and regulations; 
 decreases in the rate at which oil and/or natural gas reserves are discovered and/or developed; 
 the impact of technological advances on the demand for our products and services; 
 customers' delays in obtaining permits for their operations; 
 hazards and operational risks that may not be fully covered by insurance; 
 the write-off of a significant portion of intangible assets; 
 the need to obtain additional capital or financing, and the availability and/or cost of obtaining such capital or financing; 
 limitations originating from our organizational documents, debt instruments and U.S. federal income tax obligations may impact our financial flexibility, our ability to engage in strategic transactions or our ability to declare and pay cash dividends on our Common Stock; 
 our credit profile and our ability to renew or refinance our indebtedness; 
 oilfield anti-indemnity provisions; 
 seasonal and adverse weather conditions that can affect oil and natural gas operations; 
 reliance on information technology resources and the inability to implement new technology and services; 
 the possibility of international conflicts, terrorist or cyber-attacks and the consequences of any such events; 
 increased labor costs or our ability to employ, or maintain the employment of, a sufficient number of key employees, technical personnel, and other skilled and qualified workers; 
 the market environment and impacts resulting from a global pandemic, like the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent variants; 
 the inability to successfully consummate or integrate our acquisitions or inability to manage potential growth; and 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to remediate any material weakness in, or to maintain effective, internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. 
 
 In light of these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report. These statements should be considered only after carefully reading this entire Quarterly Report. Except as required under the federal securities laws and rules and regulations of the SEC, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional risks that we may currently deem immaterial or that are not presently known to us could also cause the forward-looking events discussed in this Quarterly Report not to occur. 
 
 All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this Quarterly Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statement that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (U.S. dollars in millions, except per share data) 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the historical condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report as well as our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations and estimates and assumptions concerning events and financial trends that may affect our future operating results or financial position. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis addresses the results of our operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. In addition, the discussion and analysis addresses our liquidity, financial condition and other matters for these periods. 
 
 Company History 
 
 KLX Energy Services was initially formed from the combination of seven private oilfield service companies acquired during 2013 and 2014. The Company continued to selectively acquire regional and product line specific businesses through 2019 to expand our service capabilities and broaden our geographic presence. Once the acquisitions were completed, we undertook a comprehensive integration of these businesses to align our services, our people and our assets across all the geographic regions where we maintain a presence. We acquired Quintana Energy Services, Inc. QES during the second quarter of 2020 and, by doing so, helped establish KLXE as an industry leading provider of asset-light oilfield solutions across the full well lifecycle to the major onshore oil and gas producing regions of the United States. 
 
 The merger of KLXE and QES (the QES Merger provided increased scale to serve a blue-chip customer base across the onshore oil and gas basins in the United States. The QES Merger combined two strong company cultures comprised of highly talented teams with shared commitments to safety, performance, customer service and profitability. The combination leveraged two of the largest fleets of coiled tubing and wireline assets, resulting in KLXE becoming a leading diversified provider of drilling, completions and production services, with market leadership positions in coiled tubing and fishing services. After closing the QES Merger, the Company integrated personnel, facilities, processes and systems across all functional areas of the organization. 
 
 On March 8, 2023, KLXE acquired all of the equity interests of Greene s Energy Group, LLC Greene s ), in an all-stock transaction (the Greene's Acquisition ), including 1.7 in cash remaining at Greene s, which was subsequently adjusted to 1.1 due to a 0.6 working capital adjustment. 
 
 Looking ahead, the Company expects to continue to pursue opportunistic, strategic, accretive acquisitions that would be expected to further strengthen the Company s competitive positioning and capital structure and drive efficiencies, accelerate growth and create long term stockholder value. 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 We serve many of the leading companies engaged in the exploration and development of onshore conventional and unconventional oil and natural gas reserves in the United States. Our customers are primarily large independent and major oil and gas companies. We currently support these customer operations from over 50 service facilities located in the key major shale basins. We operate in three segments on a geographic basis, including the Rocky Mountains Region (the Bakken, Williston, DJ, Uinta, Powder River, Piceance and Niobrara basins), the Southwest Region (the Permian Basin, Eagle Ford Shale and the Gulf Coast as well as in industrial and petrochemical facilities) and the Northeast/Mid-Con Region (the Marcellus and Utica Shale as well as the Mid-Continent STACK and SCOOP and Haynesville Shale). Our revenues, operating earnings and identifiable assets are primarily attributable to these three reportable 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 geographic segments. While we manage our business based upon these geographic groupings, our assets and our technical personnel are deployed on a dynamic basis across all of our service facilities to optimize utilization and profitability. 
 
 These expansive operating areas provide us with access to a number of nearby unconventional crude oil and natural gas basins, both with existing customers expanding their production footprint and third parties acquiring new acreage. Our proximity to existing and prospective customer activities allows us to anticipate and respond quickly to such customers needs and efficiently deploy our assets. We believe that our strategic geographic positioning will benefit us as activity increases in our core operating areas. Our broad geographic footprint provides us with exposure to the ongoing recovery in drilling, completion, production and intervention related service activity and will allow us to opportunistically pursue new business in basins with active drilling environments. 
 
 We work with our customers to provide engineered solutions across the lifecycle of the well by streamlining operations, reducing non-productive time and developing cost effective solutions and customized tools for our customers challenging service needs, including their technically complex extended reach horizontal wells. We believe future revenue growth opportunities will continue to be driven by increases in the number of new customers served and the breadth of services we offer to existing and prospective customers. 
 
 We offer a variety of targeted services that are differentiated by the technical competence and experience of our field service engineers and their deployment of a broad portfolio of specialized tools and proprietary equipment. Our innovative and adaptive approach to proprietary tool design has been employed by our in-house research and development R D organization and, in selected instances, by our technology partners to develop tools covered by 38 patents and 9 pending patent applications, which we believe differentiates us from our regional competitors and also allows us to deliver more focused service and better outcomes in our specialized services than larger national competitors that do not discretely dedicate their resources to the services we provide. 
 
 We utilize contract manufacturers to produce our products, which, in many cases, our engineers have developed from input and requests from our customers and customer-facing managers, thereby maintaining the integrity of our intellectual property while avoiding manufacturing startup and maintenance costs. This approach leverages our technical strengths, as well as those of our technology partners. These services and related products are modest in cost to the customer relative to other well construction expenditures but have a high cost of failure and are, therefore, critical to our customers outcomes. We believe our customers have come to depend on our decades of field experience to execute on some of the most challenging problems they face. We believe we are well positioned as a company to service customers when they are drilling and completing complex wells, and remediating both newer and older legacy wells. 
 
 We invest in innovative technology and equipment designed for modern production techniques that increase efficiencies and production for our customers. North American unconventional onshore wells are increasingly characterized by extended lateral lengths, tighter spacing between hydraulic fracturing stages, increased cluster density and heightened proppant loads. Drilling and completion activities for wells in unconventional resource plays are extremely complex, and downhole challenges and operating costs increase as the complexity and lateral length of these wells increase. For these reasons, E P companies with complex wells increasingly prefer service providers with the scale and resources to deliver best-in-class solutions that evolve in real-time with the technology used for extraction. We believe we offer best-in-class service execution at the wellsite and innovative downhole technologies, positioning us to benefit from our ability to service technically complex wells where the potential for increased operating leverage is high due to the large number of stages per well. 
 
 We endeavor to create a next generation oilfield services company in terms of management controls, processes and operating metrics, and have driven these processes down through the operating management structure in every region, which we believe differentiates us from many of our competitors. This allows us to offer our customers in all of our geographic regions discrete, comprehensive and differentiated services that leverage both the technical expertise of our skilled engineers and our in-house R D team. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Recent Trends and Outlook 
 
 Demand for services in the oil and natural gas industry is cyclical and subject to sudden and significant volatility. The oil and gas industry experienced significant increases in activity in late 2021 and 2022 due to the recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and increasing demand for oil and gas. Furthermore, sanctions and import bans on Russian oil have been implemented by various countries in response to the ongoing war in Ukraine, further impacting global oil supply. Natural gas prices also declined in the fourth quarter of 2023, however, they rebounded in the second and third quarters of 2024. Oil and natural gas prices have been, and may remain, volatile, which impacts demand for our business. West Texas Intermediate s WTI") average daily price per barrel decreased by approximately 2.7 , to 76.43 per Bbl during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the WTI average daily price per barrel of 78.53 per Bbl during the three months ended December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, U.S. land rig count stood at 567, a decrease of 5.8 compared to December 31, 2023, when the U.S. rig count was 602. 
 
 Despite the slight decrease in industry metrics above for the first nine months of the year, the Company remains focused on providing the highest level of customer service across our regions and different service offerings, which has allowed us to make meaningful positive impacts to our revenue, operating margins, cash flows and Adjusted EBITDA (as defined below). We are taking steps to hire essential personnel and increase capital expenditures as activity rebounds, but we are measured in our growth and focused on returns. 
 
 Looking ahead to the year ending December 31, 2025, assuming economic activity holds at the recent level and commodity prices remain volatile, we anticipate that our customers will continue to cautiously allocate capital and operating expense spending. So far in the year ending December 31, 2024, WTI prices have noted a slight increase, as demand for oil and gas products persists. Currently, expectations for future oil demand per OPEC and its allies OPEC+ are to increase by 1.78 million barrels next year. This persisting demand is a positive sign that might help our business grow; however, there are a number of factors that might temper demand, such as those relating to U.S. elections and international events. 
 
 In the medium term, we anticipate demand for oil and gas products to hold and even expand, as demand for energy generated from oil and gas grows across the United States. Per S P Global, nearly 50GW of electricity generation capacity is expected to be added to the U.S. grid by 2028 to support the operations of datacenters. Per the Electric Reliability Council of Texas, generation capacity in the state is set to almost double by 2030, citing increased demand from artificial intelligence data centers and crypto-mining. In addition to domestic electricity generation, there are indications of higher demand for natural gas for export, with S P Global projecting that feedgas demand could more than double by 2032. These and other expected developments point to increased demand for the products our services help to extract. 
 
 Oil and natural gas prices may fluctuate with changes in demand due to, among other things, the ongoing war in Ukraine, the Israel-Hamas conflict, rising tensions with Iran, international sanctions, speculation as to future actions by OPEC+, gas prices, interest rates, inflation and government efforts to reduce inflation, and possible changes in the overall health of the global economy, including a perceived economic recovery or any increased volatility in financial and credit markets or a recession. To what extent these and other external factors (such as government action with respect to climate change regulation) ultimately impact our future business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations is highly uncertain and dependent on numerous factors, including future developments, that are not within our control and cannot be accurately predicted. 
 
 We believe our diverse product and service offerings uniquely position KLXE to respond to a rapidly evolving marketplace where we can provide a comprehensive suite of engineered solutions for our customers with one call and one master services agreement. 
 
 How We Generate Revenue and the Costs of Conducting Our Business 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Our business strategy seeks to generate attractive returns on capital by providing differentiated services and prudently applying our cash flow to select targeted opportunities, with the potential to deliver high returns that we believe offer superior margins over the long-term and short payback periods. Our services generally require equipment that is less expensive to maintain and is operated by a smaller staff than many other oilfield services providers. As part of our returns-focused approach to capital spending, we are focused on efficiently utilizing capital to develop new products. We support our existing asset base with targeted investments in R D, which we believe allows us to maintain a technical advantage over our competitors providing similar services using standard equipment. 
 
 Demand for services in the oil and natural gas industry is cyclical and subject to sudden and significant volatility. We remain focused on serving the needs of our customers by providing a broad portfolio of product service lines across major basins, while preserving a solid balance sheet, maintaining sufficient operating liquidity and prudently managing our capital expenditures. 
 
 We believe we have strong management systems in place, which will allow us to manage our operating resources and associated expenses relative to market conditions. Historically, we believe our services have generated margins superior to our competitors based upon the differential quality of our performance, and that these margins may contribute to future cash flow generation. The required investment in our business includes both working capital (principally for accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable growth tied to increasing activity) and capital expenditures for both maintenance of existing assets and ultimately growth when economic returns justify the spending. Our required maintenance capital expenditures tend to be lower than other oilfield service providers due to the generally asset-light nature of our services, the lower average age of our assets and our ability to charge back a portion of asset maintenance to customers for a number of our assets. 

22 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenue . The following is a summary of revenue by segment and product line for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Revenue: Rocky Mountains 67.9 77.0 (11.8) Southwest 68.6 77.8 (11.8) Northeast/Mid-Con 52.4 65.8 (20.4) Total revenue 188.9 220.6 (14.4) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Revenue: Drilling 39.4 53.3 (26.1) Completion 101.5 113.1 (10.3) Production 30.4 33.1 (8.2) Intervention 17.6 21.1 (16.6) Total revenue 188.9 220.6 (14.4) 
 
 For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, revenues were 188.9, a decrease of 31.7, or 14.4 , as compared with the prior year period. The overall decrease in revenues reflects a decline in industry activity and pricing during the quarter, leading to lower demand and pricing for our services. Lower weighted average price contributed to approximately 47 of the 31.7 decrease, and lower weighted average volume contributed to the remaining approximately 53 . This decrease was driven entirely by a decrease in weighted average volume. On a segment basis, Rocky Mountains segment revenue decreased by 9.1 or 11.8 . Lower weighted average price contributed to approximately 54 of the dollar decrease, and lower weighted average volume contributed to the remaining approximately 46 . Southwest segment revenue decreased by 9.2 or 11.8 . This decrease was driven entirely by a decrease in weighted average volume. Northeast/Mid-Con segment revenue decreased by 13.4 or 20.4 . This decrease was driven entirely by a decrease in weighted average price. 
 
 Cost of sales . For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, cost of sales were 142.3, or 75.3 of sales, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 of 166.2, or 75.3 of sales. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenues did not change during the quarter. The two largest components of cost of sales are labor and repair and maintenance. Although cost of sales as a percentage of revenues did not change, labor costs per employee decreased by 2.4 as compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023. Repair maintenance costs as a percentage of revenues increased by 21.2 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, largely due to the lower pricing during the quarter. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A . For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, SG A expenses were 21.2, or 11.2 of revenues, as compared with 18.6, or 8.4 of revenues, in the prior year period. The increase in percentage of revenues is due to the more fixed cost nature of our SG A costs which decreased at a slower pace than revenues, as SG A has decreased on a dollar basis compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Operating income (loss) . The following is a summary of operating income (loss) by segment: 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Operating income (loss): Rocky Mountains 9.7 17.7 (45.2) Southwest 0.7 4.8 (85.4) Northeast/Mid-Con 2.0 5.2 (61.5) Corporate and other (11.3) (11.3) Total operating income 1.1 16.4 (93.3) 
 
 For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, operating income was 1.1 compared to operating income of 16.4 in the prior year period, primarily due to a reduction in activity and pricing. 
 
 The operating results across our three geographic segments declined as a function of lower revenues compared to the prior year period. Rocky Mountains segment operating income was 9.7, Southwest segment operating income was 0.7, and Northeast/Mid-Con segment operating income was 2.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The operating loss for the Corporate and other segment was consistent with prior year. 
 
 Income tax expense . For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, income tax expense was 0.2, as compared to income tax expense of 0.3 in the prior year period, and was comprised primarily of state and local taxes. The Company did not recognize a federal tax benefit on its year-to-date losses because it has a valuation allowance against its deferred tax balances. 
 
 Net (loss) income . For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, net loss was 8.2, as compared to net income of 7.6 in the prior year period, decreasing primarily as a result of lower revenues as discussed above. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenue . The following is a summary of revenue by segment and product line for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Revenue: Rocky Mountains 174.9 211.3 (17.2) Southwest 207.9 237.5 (12.5) Northeast/Mid-Con 161.0 245.4 (34.4) Total revenue 543.8 694.2 (21.7) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Revenue: Drilling 119.4 172.0 (30.6) Completion 287.5 368.5 (22.0) Production 84.3 89.5 (5.8) Intervention 52.6 64.2 (18.1) Total revenue 543.8 694.2 (21.7) 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenues were 543.8, a decrease of 150.4, or 21.7 , as compared with the prior year period. The overall decrease in revenues reflects a decline in activity and pricing during the nine-month period, leading to lower demand for our services. Lower weighted average price contributed to approximately 20 of the 150.4 decrease, and lower weighted average volume contributed to the remaining approximately 80 . On a segment basis, Rocky Mountains segment revenue decreased by 36.4 or 17.2 . Lower weighted average price contributed to approximately 1 of the dollar decrease, and lower weighted average volume contributed to the remaining approximately 99 . Southwest segment revenue decreased by 29.6 or 12.5 . This decrease was driven entirely by a decrease in weighted average volume. Northeast/Mid-Con segment revenue decreased by 84.4 or 34.4 . Lower weighted average price contributed to approximately 68 of the dollar decrease, and lower weighted average volume contributed to the remaining approximately 32 . 
 
 Cost of sales . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cost of sales were 422.3, or 77.7 of sales, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 520.4, or 75.0 of sales. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenues increased primarily due to a decrease in pricing which led to lower operating leverage of fixed costs during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. The two largest components of cost of sales are labor and repair and maintenance. Although cost of sales as a percentage of revenues increased, labor costs per employee decreased by 10.9 as compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Repair maintenance costs as a percentage of revenues increased by 20.9 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, largely due to the lower pricing during the nine-month period. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, SG A expenses were 62.1, or 11.4 of revenues, as compared with 66.8, or 9.6 of revenues, in the prior year period. The increase in percentage of revenues is due to the more fixed cost nature of our SG A costs which decreased at a slower pace than revenues during the nine-month period, as SG A has decreased on a dollar basis compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Operating (loss) income . The following is a summary of operating (loss) income by segment: 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Operating (loss) income: Rocky Mountains 19.0 39.4 (51.8) Southwest 2.6 17.7 (85.3) Northeast/Mid-Con 1.9 36.5 (94.8) Corporate and other (34.1) (38.7) 11.9 Total operating (loss) income (10.6) 54.9 NM 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating loss was 10.6 compared to operating income of 54.9 in the prior year period, due primarily to a reduction in activity and pricing. 
 
 The operating results across our three geographic segments declined as a function of lower revenues compared to the prior year period. Rocky Mountains segment operating income was 19.0, Southwest segment operating income was 2.6, and Northeast/Mid-Con segment operating income was 1.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The operating loss for the Corporate and other segment decreased slightly due to non-recurring costs related to the Greene's Acquisition in the prior year. 
 
 Income tax expense . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, income tax expense was 0.6, as compared to income tax expense of 0.2 in the prior year period, and was comprised primarily of state and local taxes. The Company did not recognize a federal tax benefit on its year-to-date losses because it has a valuation allowance against its deferred tax balances. 
 
 Net (loss) income . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net loss was 38.4, as compared to net income of 28.4 in the prior year period, decreasing primarily as a result of lower revenues as discussed above. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 We require capital to fund ongoing operations, including maintenance expenditures on our existing fleet and equipment, organic growth initiatives, debt service obligations, investments and acquisitions. Our primary sources of liquidity to date have been capital contributions from our equity and noteholders, borrowings under the Company s asset-based revolving credit facility, as amended by the ABL Amendment (as defined below) and other amendments (the ABL Facility and cash flows from operations. At September 30, 2024, we had 82.7 of cash and cash equivalents and 43.6 available on the September 2024 ABL Facility Borrowing Base Certificate, which resulted in a liquidity position of 126.3. 
 
 Our material cash commitments from known contractual and other obligations consist primarily of obligations for long-term debt and related interest as well as leases for property and equipment and purchase obligations as part of normal operations. See below ABL Facility and Senior Secured Notes for information regarding scheduled maturities of our long-term debt. See Note 8 - Leases of Item 8 in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024 for information regarding scheduled maturities of our operating and financing leases. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We have taken several actions to continue to improve our liquidity position, including closing our Florida legacy headquarters and relocating all key functions to Houston, eliminating redundancies and duplicative functions throughout our operations following the QES Merger, issuing equity under our ATM Offering, executing debt-for-equity exchanges that have reduced our interest burden and monetizing non-core and obsolete assets. We actively manage our capital spending and are focused primarily on required maintenance spending. Additionally, ongoing volatility in commodity prices and increased inflation continue to affect our financial results. We believe that based on our current forecasts, our cash on hand, together with our operating cash flows, will provide us with the ability to fund our operations, including planned capital expenditures, for the next twelve months. 
 
 We have substantial indebtedness. As of September 30, 2024, we had total outstanding long-term indebtedness of 285.2 under our ABL Facility and 11.5 senior secured notes due 2025 (the Senior Secured Notes as described in greater detail under ABL Facility and Senior Secured Notes below, including 50.0 in current portion of long-term indebtedness. Our ABL Facility matures on the ABL Maturity Date (as defined below) and our Senior Secured Notes mature on November 1, 2025. Our ability to pay the principal and interest on our long-term debt and to satisfy our other liabilities will depend on our financial condition and future operating performance and our ability to refinance our debt as it becomes due, which in turn will be affected by prevailing economic and political conditions, the level of drilling, completion, production and intervention services activity for North American onshore oil and natural gas resources and related pricing for our services, increasing inflation and government efforts to reduce inflation, the condition of the public and private debt markets and the willingness of capital providers to lend to our industry, and other financial and business factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we do not have enough cash on hand to redeem the 237.3 principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due November 1, 2025. The Company currently plans to satisfy these obligations by refinancing part or all of the Senior Secured Notes, including potentially using in part its cash reserves, seeking additional sources of capital, selling assets or a combination thereof. Any refinancing of our debt may involve the issuance of additional equity or convertible debt securities that could result in dilution to the Company s stockholders. The Company s ability to successfully execute these plans is dependent on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and certain financial, business and other market factors, many of which are beyond the Company s control. Some of these alternatives may require the consent of current lenders, stockholders or noteholders, and there is no assurance that we will be able to execute any of these alternatives on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, incurring additional debt in excess of our existing outstanding indebtedness would result in increased interest expense and financial leverage. 
 
 ABL Facility 
 
 We entered into a 100.0 ABL Facility on August 10, 2018. The ABL Facility became effective on September 14, 2018 and is scheduled to mature on the ABL Maturity Date in 2025. Borrowings under the ABL Facility bear interest at a rate equal to Term SOFR (as defined in the ABL Facility) plus the Applicable Margin (as defined in the ABL Facility). The ABL Facility is tied to a borrowing base formula and the ABL Facility has no maintenance financial covenants as long as the minimum level of borrowing availability is maintained. The ABL Facility is secured by, among other things, a first priority lien on our accounts receivable and inventory and contains customary conditions precedent to borrowing and affirmative and negative covenants. 50.0 was outstanding under the ABL Facility as of September 30, 2024 and classified as a current liability given the current maturity date. The effective interest rate under the ABL Facility was approximately 7.9 on September 30, 2024. 
 
 On June 20, 2023, the Company entered into a Fourth Amendment to the ABL Facility, with certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, as guarantors, with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent and an issuing lender, and the other lenders and issuing lenders party thereto from time to time (the ABL Amendment ). 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The ABL Amendment, among other things, (i) extended the maturity date of the ABL Facility from September 15, 2024 to the earlier of (A) September 15, 2025 or (B) August 1, 2025, if the Company's Senior Secured Notes are still outstanding as of such date (the earlier of the foregoing item (A) or item (B), the ABL Maturity Date and (ii) increased the revolving credit commitment from 100.0 to 120.0. As of September 30, 2024, the balance outstanding under the ABL Facility has been classified as a current liability. 
 
 The ABL Facility includes a springing financial covenant which requires the Company s consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio FCCR to be at least 1.0 to 1.0 if availability falls below the greater of 15.0 or 20.0 of the line cap. At all times during the three months ended September 30, 2024, availability exceeded this threshold, and the Company was not subject to this financial covenant. As of September 30, 2024, the FCCR was below 1.0 to 1.0, and the Company was in full compliance with the ABL Facility. 
 
 The ABL Facility includes financial, operating and negative covenants that limit our ability to incur indebtedness, to create liens or other encumbrances, to make certain payments and investments, including dividend payments, to engage in transactions with affiliates, to engage in sale/leaseback transactions, to guarantee indebtedness and to sell or otherwise dispose of assets and merge or consolidate with other entities. It also includes a covenant to deliver annual audited financial statements that are not qualified by a going concern or like qualification or exception. A failure to comply with the obligations contained in the ABL Facility could result in an event of default, which could permit acceleration of the debt, termination of undrawn commitments and enforcement against any liens securing the debt. 
 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 
 In conjunction with the acquisition of Motley in 2018, we issued 250.0 principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes offered pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the Securities Act and to certain non-U.S. persons outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. On a net basis, after taking into consideration the debt issuance costs for the Senior Secured Notes, total debt related to the Senior Secured Notes as of September 30, 2024 was 235.2. The Senior Secured Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 11.5 , payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 and mature in 2025. Accrued interest related to the Senior Secured Notes was 11.4 as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The indenture contains customary affirmative and negative covenants restricting, among other things, the Company s ability to incur indebtedness and liens, pay dividends or make other distributions, make certain other restricted payments or investments, sell assets, enter into restrictive agreements, enter into transactions with the Company s affiliates, and merge or consolidate with other entities or sell substantially all of the Company s assets. 
 
 The indenture also contains customary events of default including, among other things, the failure to pay interest for 30 days, failure to pay principal when due, failure to observe or perform any other covenants or agreement in the indenture subject to grace periods, cross-acceleration to indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount in excess of 50.0, material impairment of liens, failure to pay certain material judgments and certain events of bankruptcy. 
 
 Indemnities, Commitments and Guarantees 
 
 In the normal course of our business, we make certain indemnities, commitments and guarantees under which we may be required to make payments in relation to certain transactions. These indemnities include indemnities to various lessors in connection with facility leases for certain claims arising from such facility or lease and indemnities to other parties to certain acquisition agreements. The duration of these indemnities, commitments and guarantees varies and, in certain cases, is indefinite. Many of these indemnities, commitments and guarantees provide for limitations on the maximum potential future payments we could be obligated to make. However, we are unable to estimate the maximum amount of liability related to our indemnities, commitments and guarantees because such liabilities are contingent upon the occurrence of events that are not reasonably determinable. Our management believes that any liability for these 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 indemnities, commitments and guarantees would not be material to our financial statements. Accordingly, no significant amounts have been accrued for indemnities, commitments and guarantees. 
 
 We have employment agreements with certain key members of management expiring on various dates. Our employment agreements generally provide for certain protections in the event of a change of control. These protections generally include the payment of severance and related benefits under certain circumstances in the event of a change in control. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Our capital expenditures were 49.8 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 44.3 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Based on current industry conditions and our significant investments in capital expenditures over the past several years, we expect to incur between 55.0 and 60.0 in total capital expenditures for the year ending December 31, 2024, out of which approximately 80 is budgeted for maintenance capital spending. The nature of our capital expenditures is comprised of a base level of investment required to support our current operations and amounts related to growth and Company initiatives. Capital expenditures for growth and Company initiatives are discretionary. We continually evaluate our capital expenditures, and the amount we ultimately spend will depend on a number of factors, including expected industry activity levels and Company initiatives. 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement 
 
 On June 14, 2021, the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (as amended from time to time, the Equity Distribution Agreement with Piper Sandler Co. as sales agent (the Agent ). Pursuant to the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Company may sell from time to time through the Agent (the ATM Offering the Company s Common Stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to 50.0. On November 16, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Equity Distribution Agreement (the EDA Amendment ). Among other things, the EDA Amendment allows for debt-for-equity exchanges in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. Under the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Company will pay the Agent a commission equal to 3.0 of the gross sales price of the Common Stock sold. 
 
 Shares of Common Stock offered and sold in the ATM Offering were issued pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-256149) filed with the SEC on May 14, 2021 and declared effective on June 11, 2021 (the Registration Statement ), the prospectus supplement relating to the ATM Offering filed with the SEC on June 14, 2021 and any applicable additional prospectus supplements related to the ATM Offering that form a part of the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement expired on June 11, 2024 pursuant to Rule 415(a)(5) under the Securities Act. Sales under the ATM Offering program may restart when and if the Company files a prospectus supplement under a successor registration statement. 
 
 The Company used the net proceeds from the ATM Offering, after deducting the Agent s commissions and the Company s offering expenses, for general corporate purposes, which included funding acquisitions, capital expenditures and working capital. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not sell any shares of Common Stock and incurred legal and administrative fees of and 0.2, respectively. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company did not sell any shares of Common Stock and incurred legal and administrative fees of 0.3 and 0.4, respectively. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Our cash flows provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were approximately 28.2 as compared to approximately 77.0 provided by operating activities for the nine months 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ended September 30, 2023. Our operating cash flows are sensitive to many variables, the most significant of which are utilization and profitability, the timing of billing and customer collections, payments to our vendors, repair and maintenance costs and personnel, any of which may affect our available cash. Additionally, should our customers experience financial distress for any reason, they could default on their payments owed to us, which would affect our cash flows and liquidity. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 82.7 of cash and cash equivalents. Cash on hand at September 30, 2024 decreased by 29.8, as a result of 28.2 of cash flows provided by operating activities, 40.6 of cash flows used in investing activities and 17.4 used in financing activities. Our liquidity requirements consist of working capital needs, debt service obligations and ongoing capital expenditure requirements. Our primary requirements for working capital are directly related to the activity level of our operations. 
 
 The following table sets forth our cash flows for the periods presented below: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net cash flows provided by operating activities 28.2 77.0 Net cash flows used in investing activities (40.6) (29.9) Net cash flows used in financing activities (17.4) (14.1) Net change in cash (29.8) 33.0 Cash balance end of period 82.7 90.4 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 28.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 77.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The lower operating cash flows were attributable to the change from a net income to a net loss position, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization in 2024. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 40.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net cash used in investing activities of 29.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The cash flows used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily driven by maintenance capital spending tied to the operation of our existing asset base offset by sales of property and equipment. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 17.4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash used in financing activities of 14.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no additional borrowings under our ABL Facility and no sales under our ATM program. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Certain accounting policies involve judgments and uncertainties to such an extent that there is a reasonable likelihood that materially different amounts could have been reported under different conditions, or if different assumptions had been used. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on a regular basis. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions used in preparation of our financial statements. We believe that our critical accounting policies are limited to those described in the Critical Accounting Estimates section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 We continue to evaluate any recently issued accounting pronouncements for future adoption. See Note 2 - Recent Accounting Pronouncements above for upcoming adoptions of new accounting pronouncements. 
 
 How We Evaluate Our Operations 
 
 Key Financial Performance Indicators 
 We recognize the highly cyclical nature of our business and the need for metrics to (1) best measure the trends in our operations and (2) provide baselines and targets to assess the performance of our managers. 
 
 The measures we believe most effective to achieve the above stated goals include: 
 
 Revenue 
 Operating income 
 Adjusted Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization Adjusted EBITDA : Adjusted EBITDA is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure that is used by management and external users of our financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders and rating agencies. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of net earnings or cash flows as determined by GAAP. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net earnings (loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, further adjusted for (i) goodwill and/or long-lived asset impairment charges, (ii) stock-based compensation expense, (iii) restructuring charges, (iv) transaction and integration costs related to acquisitions and (v) other expenses or charges to exclude certain items that we believe are not reflective of ongoing performance of our business. 
 Adjusted EBITDA Margin: Adjusted EBITDA Margin is defined as Adjusted EBITDA, as defined above, as a percentage of revenue. 
 We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful because it allows us to supplement the GAAP measures in order to evaluate our operating performance and compare the results of our operations from period to period without regard to our financing methods or capital structure. We exclude the items listed above in arriving at Adjusted EBITDA (Loss) because these amounts can vary substantially from company to company within our industry depending upon accounting methods, book values of assets, capital structures and the method by which the assets were acquired. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net (loss) earnings as determined in accordance with GAAP, or as an indicator of our operating performance or liquidity. Certain items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA are significant components in understanding and assessing a company s financial performance, such as a company s cost of capital and tax structure, as well as the historic costs of depreciable assets, none of which are components of Adjusted EBITDA. Our computations of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by Item 305 of Regulation S-K. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We have established disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, (as amended, the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers (who are our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 
 In connection with the preparation of this Quarterly Report for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, an evaluation was performed under the supervision of and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected or, are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The Company is at times either a plaintiff or a defendant in various legal actions arising in the normal course of business, the outcomes of which, in the opinion of management, neither individually nor in the aggregate are likely to result in a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 In addition to the information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider the risk factors previously described in Part I, Item IA. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 The following table presents the total number of shares of our Common Stock that we repurchased during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Period Total number of shares purchased (1) 
 Average price paid per share (2) 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (3) 
 Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 48,859,603 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 48,859,603 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 48,859,603 Total (1) Includes shares purchased from employees in connection with the settlement of income tax and related benefit withholding obligations arising from vesting of restricted stock grants under the Company s Amended and Restated LTIP. 
 (2) The average price paid per share of Common Stock repurchased includes commissions paid to the brokers. 
 (3) In August 2019, our Board authorized a share repurchase program for the repurchase of outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock having an aggregate purchase price up to 50. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Action Date Trading Arrangement Total Shares to be Sold (3) 
 Arrangement Expiration Date (4) 
 Rule 10b5-1 (1) 
 Non-Rule 10b5-1 (2) 
 ) 
 X 
 (1) Intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c). 
 (2) Not intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c). 
 (3) Represents the maximum number of shares that may be sold pursuant to the 10b5-1 trading arrangement. The actual number of shares sold will be dependent on the terms of, and satisfaction of the conditions as set forth in, the written plan. 
 (4) Or when the execution of all trades contemplated by the written plan is completed, whichever is earlier. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on September 8, 2020, File No. 001-38609). 
 3.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 9, 2021, File No. 001-38609). 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC on request. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC. By: /s/ Christopher J. Baker Christopher J. Baker President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Date: October 31, 2024 
 By: /s/ Keefer M. Lehner Keefer M. Lehner Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: October 31, 2024 
 By: /s/ Geoffrey C. Stanford Geoffrey C. Stanford Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Date: October 31, 2024 

35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 klxeq3202410-qex311chrisklx.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Christopher J. Baker, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Christopher J. Baker Christopher J. Baker President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 klxeq32024ex312keeferklx.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Keefer M. Lehner, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Keefer M. Lehner Keefer M. Lehner Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 klxeq3202410-qex321chrisklx.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in connection with the Quarterly Report of KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Periodic Report ), I, Christopher J. Baker, as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify that 
 
 (1) the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Christopher J. Baker Christopher J. Baker President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 klxeq32024ex322keeferklx.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in connection with the Quarterly Report of KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Periodic Report ), I, Keefer M. Lehner, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify that 
 
 (1) the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Keefer M. Lehner Keefer M. Lehner Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 klxe-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 klxe-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 klxe-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 klxe-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 klxe-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

