<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_356171_0000356171-24-000133.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24189000</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>384168</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2290818</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13006668</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3741047</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4019790</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000356171-24-000133.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107163338
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000356171-24-000133
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRICO BANCSHARES /
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000356171
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				942792841
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10661
		FILM NUMBER:		241436417

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TRICO BANCSHARES
		STREET 2:		63 CONSTITUTION DRIVE
		CITY:			CHICO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95973
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5308980300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TRICO BANCSHARES
		STREET 2:		63 CONSTITUTION DRIVE
		CITY:			CHICO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95973

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000356171-24-000133.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 tcbk-20240930.htm
 10-Q

tcbk-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________ 
 FORM 
 ___________________ Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 for the quarterly period ended: 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 for the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 ___________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 ___________________ (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices)(Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of accelerated filer , large accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding for each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practical date: 
 Common stock, no par value: shares outstanding as of November 6, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 TriCo Bancshares 
 FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 
 Item 1 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 63 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 63 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 64 
 Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 64 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 64 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 64 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 65 
 Signatures 
 66 

1 

Table of Contents 

 GLOSSARY OF ACRONYMS AND TERMS 
 
 The following listing provides a comprehensive reference of common acronyms and terms used throughout the document: 
 
 ACL Allowance for Credit Losses AFS Available-for-Sale AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ASC Accounting Standards Codification CDs Certificates of Deposit CDI Core Deposit Intangible CRE Commercial Real Estate CMO Collateralized Mortgage Obligation DFPI State Department of Financial Protection and Innovation FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank FOMC Federal Open Market Committee FRB Federal Reserve Board FTE Fully taxable equivalent GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (United States of America) HELOC Home equity line of credit HTM Held-to-Maturity LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate NIM Net interest margin NPA Nonperforming assets OCI Other comprehensive income PCD Purchase Credit Deteriorated PSU Performance Restricted Stock Unit ROUA Right-of-Use Asset RSU Restricted Stock Unit SBA Small Business Administration SERP Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SFR Single Family Residence SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate VRB Valley Republic Bancorp XBRL eXtensible Business Reporting Language 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 
 TRICO BANCSHARES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share data; unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets: Cash and due from banks Cash at Federal Reserve and other banks Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities: Marketable equity securities Available for sale debt securities, at fair value (amortized cost of and 
 Held to maturity debt securities, at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses of 
 Restricted equity securities Loans held for sale Loans Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total loans, net Premises and equipment, net Cash value of life insurance Accrued interest receivable Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Operating leases, right-of-use 
 Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity: Liabilities: Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand Interest-bearing Total deposits Accrued interest payable Operating lease liability Other liabilities Other borrowings Junior subordinated debt Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 
 shares authorized, issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, no par value: shares authorized; and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 TRICO BANCSHARES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share data; unaudited) Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest and dividend income: Loans, including fees Investments: Taxable securities Tax exempt securities Dividends Interest bearing cash at Federal Reserve and other banks Total interest and dividend income Interest expense: Deposits Other borrowings Junior subordinated debt Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after credit loss provision Non-interest income: Service charges and fees Gain on sale of loans (Loss) gain on sale or exchange of investment securities ) ) Asset management and commission income Increase in cash value of life insurance Other Total non-interest income Non-interest expense: Salaries and related benefits Other Total non-interest expense Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Per share data: Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Dividends per share 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands; unaudited) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Unrealized gains (losses) on available for sale securities arising during the period ) ) Change in minimum pension liability Change in joint beneficiary agreements Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 TRICO BANCSHARES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data; unaudited) 
 Shares of Common Stock Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balance at July 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) RSU vesting PSU vesting RSUs released Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Three months ended September 30, 2023 ) Balance at July 1, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Stock options exercised RSU vesting PSU vesting RSUs released PSUs released Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Three months ended September 30, 2024 ) 
 Balance at January 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Stock options exercised RSU vesting PSU vesting RSUs released PSUs released Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Nine months ended September 30, 2023 ) Balance at January 1, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Stock options exercised RSU vesting PSU vesting RSUs released PSUs released Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 ) 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 TRICO BANCSHARES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands; unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation of premises and equipment, and amortization Amortization of intangible assets Provision for credit losses on loans Amortization of investment securities premium, net Loss on sale of investment securities Originations of loans for resale ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans originated for resale Gain on sale of loans ) ) Change in fair market value of mortgage servicing rights Provision for losses on foreclosed assets Gain on transfer of loans to foreclosed assets ) ) Loss (gain) on sale of foreclosed assets ) Change in the market value of foreclosed assets Operating lease expense payments ) ) Loss on disposal of fixed assets Increase in cash value of life insurance ) ) Loss (gain) on marketable and trading equity securities ) Equity compensation vesting expense Change in: Interest receivable ) Interest payable Amortization of operating lease ROUA Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash from operating activities Investing activities: Proceeds from maturities of securities available for sale Proceeds from maturities of securities held to maturity Proceeds from sale of available for sale securities Purchases of securities available for sale ) ) Loan origination and principal collections, net ) Loans purchased ) Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Net cash from investing activities ) Financing activities: Net change in deposits ) Net change in other borrowings ) Repurchase of common stock, net of option exercises ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Exercise of stock options Net cash used by financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities: Unrealized gain (loss) on securities available for sale ) Market value of shares tendered in-lieu of cash to pay for exercise of options and/or related taxes Obligations incurred in conjunction with leased assets Loans transferred to foreclosed assets Supplemental disclosure of cash flow activity: Cash paid for interest expense Cash paid for income taxes 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 - 
 California counties. The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting policies generally accepted in the United States of America and general practices in the banking industry. All adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements have been included and are of a normal and recurring nature. The financial statements include the accounts of the Company. All inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 The Company has capital subsidiary business trusts (collectively, the Capital Trusts that issued trust preferred securities, including organized by the Company and acquired with the acquisition of North Valley Bancorp. For financial reporting purposes, the Company s investments in the Capital Trusts of million are accounted for under the equity method and, accordingly, are not consolidated and are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. See the Note 8 - footnote Junior Subordinated Debt for additional information on borrowings outstanding. 
 business segment that it denotes as community banking. 
 days, interest-earning deposits in other banks, and Federal funds sold are considered to be cash equivalents. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 No security credit losses were recognized during the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 with amortization periods from fifteen to . 
 Commercial real estate - Owner occupied: These credits are primarily susceptible to changes in the financial condition of the business operated by the property owner. This may be driven by changes in, among other things, industry challenges, factors unique to the operating geography of the borrower, change in the individual fortunes of the business owner, general economic conditions and changes in business cycles. When default is driven by issues related specifically to the business owner, collateral values tend to provide better repayment support and may result in little or no loss. Alternatively, when default is driven more by general economic conditions, the underlying collateral may have devalued more and thus result in larger losses in the event of default. The terms on these loans at origination typically have maturities from five to with amortization periods from fifteen to . 
 Multifamily: These commercial properties are generally comprised of more than four rentable units, such as apartment buildings, with each unit intended to be occupied as the primary residence for one or more persons. Multifamily properties are also subject to changes in general or regional economic conditions, such as unemployment, ultimately resulting in increased vacancy rates or reduced rents or both. In addition, new construction can create an oversupply condition and market competition resulting in increased vacancy, reduced market rents, or both. Due to the nature of their use and the greater likelihood of tenant turnover, the management of these properties is more intensive and therefore is more critical to the preclusion of loss. 
 Farmland: While the Company has few loans that were originated for the purpose of the acquisition of these commercial properties, loans secured by farmland represent unique risks that are associated with the operation of an agricultural businesses. The valuation of farmland can vary greatly over time based on the property's access to resources including but not limited to water, crop prices, foreign exchange rates, government regulation or restrictions, and the nature of ongoing capital investment needed to maintain the quality of the property. Loans secured by farmland typically represent less risk to the Company than other agriculture loans as the real estate typically provides greater support in the event of default or need for longer term repayment. 
 Consumer loans : 
 SFR 1-4 1st DT Liens: The most significant drivers of potential loss within the Company's residential real estate portfolio relate general, regional, or individual changes in economic conditions and their effect on employment and borrowers cash flow. Risk in this portfolio is best measured by changes in borrower credit score and loan-to-value. Loss estimates are based on the general movement in credit score, economic outlook and its effects on employment and the value of homes and the Bank s historical loss experience adjusted to reflect the economic outlook and the unemployment rate. 
 SFR HELOCs and Junior Liens: Similar to residential real estate term loans, HELOCs and junior liens performance is also primarily driven by borrower cash flows based on employment status. However, HELOCs carry additional risks associated with the fact that most of these loans are secured by a deed of trust in a position that is junior to the primary lien holder. Furthermore, the risk that as the borrower's financial strength deteriorates, the outstanding balance on these credit lines may increase as they may only be canceled by the Company if certain limited criteria are met. In addition to the allowance for credit losses maintained as a percent of the outstanding loan balance, the Company maintains additional reserves for the unfunded portion of the HELOC. 
 Other: The majority of consumer loans are secured by automobiles, with the remainder primarily unsecured revolving debt (credit cards). These loans are susceptible to three primary risks; non-payment due to income loss, over-extension of credit and, when the borrower is unable to pay, shortfall in collateral value, if any. Typically non-payment is due to loss of job and will follow general economic trends in the marketplace driven primarily by rises in the unemployment rate. Loss of collateral value can be due to market demand shifts, damage to collateral itself or a combination of those factors. Credit card loans are unsecured and while collection efforts are pursued in the event of default, there is typically limited opportunity for recovery. Loss estimates are based on the general movement in credit score, economic outlook and its effects on employment and the Bank s historical loss experience adjusted to reflect the economic outlook and the unemployment rate. 
 Commercial and Industrial: 
 Repayment of these loans is primarily based on the cash flow of the borrower, and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. A borrower's cash flow may be unpredictable, and collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Most often, collateral includes accounts receivable, inventory, or equipment. Collateral securing these loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise, may be illiquid and may fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. Actual and forecast changes in gross domestic product are believed to be corollary to losses associated with these credits. 
 Construction : 
 While secured by real estate, construction loans represent a greater level of risk than term real estate loans due to the nature of the additional risks associated with the not only the completion of construction within an estimated time period and budget, but also the need to either sell the building or reach a level of stabilized occupancy sufficient to generate the cash flows necessary to support debt service and operating costs. The Company seeks to mitigate the additional risks associated with construction lending by requiring borrowers to comply with lower loan to value ratios and additional covenants as well as strong tertiary support of guarantors. The loss forecasting model applies the historical rate of loss for similar loans over the expected life of the asset as adjusted for macroeconomic factors. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Note 2 - 
 ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Corporate bonds ) Asset backed securities ) Non-agency collateralized mortgage obligations ) Total debt securities available for sale ) Debt Securities Held to Maturity Obligations of U.S. government agencies ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Total debt securities held to maturity ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Debt Securities Available for Sale Obligations of U.S. government agencies ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Corporate bonds ) Asset backed securities ) Non-agency collateralized mortgage obligations ) Total debt securities available for sale ) Debt Securities Held to Maturity Obligations of U.S. government agencies ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Total debt securities held to maturity ) 
 Proceeds from the sale of available for sale investment securities totaled million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, resulting in gross realized losses of million and million, respectively. In addition, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company participated in and completed an exchange offering with Visa, which resulted in a gain of million. See further discussion in Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies . There were sales of investment securities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. Investment securities with an aggregate carrying value of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were pledged as collateral for specific borrowings, lines of credit or local agency deposits. 
 The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt securities at September 30, 2024 by contractual maturity are shown below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. At September 30, 2024, obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies with a cost basis totaling billion consist almost entirely of residential real estate mortgage-backed securities whose contractual maturity, or principal repayment, will follow the repayment of the underlying mortgages. For purposes of the following table, the entire outstanding balance of these mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government corporations and agencies is categorized based on final maturity date. At September 30, 2024, the Company estimates the average remaining life of these mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government corporations and agencies to be approximately years. Average remaining life is defined as the time span after which the principal balance has been reduced by half. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Totals 
 Based on an evaluation of available information including security type, counterparty credit quality, past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that are relevant to collectability of cash flows, as of September 30, 2024, the Company has concluded that it expects to receive all contractual cash flows from each security held in its AFS and HTM debt securities portfolio. There was no allowance for credit losses related to investment securities as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 ) ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Asset backed securities ) ) ) Non-agency collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Total debt securities available for sale ) ) ) Debt Securities Held to Maturity Obligations of U.S. government agencies ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) Total debt securities held to maturity ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2023: Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total (in thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Debt Securities Available for Sale Obligations of U.S. government agencies ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Asset backed securities ) ) ) Non-agency collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Total debt securities available for sale ) ) ) Debt Securities Held to Maturity Obligations of U.S. government agencies ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) Total debt securities held to maturity ) ) 
 Obligations of U.S. government agencies: The unrealized losses on investments in obligations of U.S. government agencies are caused by interest rate increases and illiquidity. The contractual cash flows of these securities are guaranteed by U.S. Government Sponsored Entities (principally Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac). It is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost of the investment. Because management believes the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell and more likely than not will not be required to sell, there is impairment on these securities 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 credit losses recorded as of September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, debt securities representing obligations of U.S. government agencies had unrealized losses with aggregate depreciation of from the Company s amortized cost basis. 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions: The unrealized losses on investments in obligations of states and political subdivisions were caused by increases in required yields by investors in these types of securities. It is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost of the investment. Because management believes the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell and more likely than not will not be required to sell, there is impairment on these securities and there has been credit losses recorded as of September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, debt securities representing obligations of states and political subdivisions had unrealized losses with aggregate depreciation of from the Company s amortized cost basis. 
 Corporate bonds: The unrealized losses on investments in corporate bonds were caused by increases in required yields by investors in these types of securities. It is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost of the investment. Because management believes the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell and more likely than not will not be required to sell, there is impairment on these securities and there has been credit losses recorded as of September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, debt securities representing corporate bonds had unrealized losses with aggregate depreciation of from the Company s amortized cost basis. 
 Asset backed securities: The unrealized losses on investments in asset backed securities were caused by increases in required yields by investors for these types of securities. At the time of purchase, each of these securities was rated AA or AAA and through September 30, 2024 has not experienced any deterioration in credit rating. At September 30, 2024, asset backed securities had unrealized losses with aggregate depreciation of from the Company s amortized cost basis. The Company continues to monitor these securities for changes in credit rating or other indications of credit deterioration. Because management believes the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell and more likely than not will not be required to sell, there is impairment on these securities and there has been credit losses recorded as of September 30, 2024. 
 Non-agency collateralized mortgage obligations: The unrealized losses on investments in asset backed securities were caused by increases in required yields by investors in these types of securities. It is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost of the investment. Because management believes the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell and more likely than not will not be required to sell, there is no impairment on these securities and there has been no credit losses recorded as of September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, asset backed securities had unrealized losses with aggregate depreciation of from the Company s amortized cost basis. 
 The Company monitors credit quality of debt securities held-to-maturity through the use of credit rating. The Company monitors the credit rating on a monthly basis. Obligations of states and political subdivisions Total debt securities held to maturity 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3 
 CRE owner occupied Multifamily Farmland Total commercial real estate loans Consumer: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens SFR HELOCs and junior liens Other Total consumer loans Commercial and industrial Construction Agriculture production Leases Total loans, net of deferred loan fees and discounts Total principal balance of loans owed, net of charge-offs Unamortized net deferred loan fees ) ) Discounts to principal balance of loans owed, net of charge-offs ) ) Total loans, net of unamortized deferred loan fees and discounts Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) 

15 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4 
 ) CRE owner occupied ) Multifamily ) Farmland ) Total commercial real estate loans ) Consumer: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens ) SFR HELOCs and junior liens ) Other ) Total consumer loans ) ) Commercial and industrial ) Construction ) Agriculture production Leases ) Allowance for credit losses on loans ) Reserve for unfunded commitments ) Total ) 
 Allowance for credit losses Nine months ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands) Beginning Balance Charge-offs Recoveries Provision (benefit) Ending Balance Commercial real estate: CRE non-owner occupied CRE owner occupied Multifamily Farmland ) Total commercial real estate loans Consumer: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens ) SFR HELOCs and junior liens ) ) Other ) Total consumer loans ) Commercial and industrial ) Construction ) Agriculture production ) Leases Allowance for credit losses on loans ) Reserve for unfunded commitments Total ) 
 
 In determining the allowance for credit losses, accruing loans with similar risk characteristics are generally evaluated collectively. To estimate expected losses the Company generally utilizes historical loss trends and the remaining contractual lives of the loan portfolios to determine estimated credit losses through a reasonable and supportable forecast period. Individual loan credit quality indicators including loan grade and borrower repayment performance have been statistically correlated with historical credit losses and various econometrics, 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 CRE owner occupied ) Multifamily Farmland Total commercial real estate loans ) Consumer: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens SFR HELOCs and junior liens ) ) Other ) Total consumer loans ) Commercial and industrial ) Construction Agriculture production Leases ) Allowance for credit losses on loans ) Reserve for unfunded commitments Total ) 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 CRE owner occupied ) ) Multifamily Farmland Total commercial real estate loans ) ) Consumer: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens SFR HELOCs and junior liens ) Other ) Total consumer loans ) ) Commercial and industrial ) Construction Agriculture production Leases ) Allowance for credit losses on loans ) Reserve for unfunded commitments Total ) 
 Allowance for credit losses Nine months ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Beginning Balance Charge-offs Recoveries Provision (benefit) Ending Balance Commercial real estate: CRE non-owner occupied CRE owner occupied ) Multifamily Farmland Total commercial real estate loans ) Consumer: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens SFR HELOCs and junior liens ) ) Other ) Total consumer loans ) Commercial and industrial ) Construction Agriculture production Leases ) Allowance for credit losses on loans ) Reserve for unfunded commitments Total ) 
 
 As part of the on-going monitoring of the credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio, management tracks certain credit quality indicators including, but not limited to, trends relating to (i) the level of criticized and classified loans, (ii) net charge-offs, (iii) non-performing loans, and (iv) delinquency within the portfolio. The Company analyzes loans individually to classify the loans as to credit risk and grading. This analysis is performed annually for all outstanding balances greater than million and non-homogeneous loans, such as commercial real estate loans, unless other indicators, such as delinquency, trigger more frequent evaluation. Loans below the million threshold and homogenous in nature are evaluated as needed for proper grading based on delinquency and borrower credit scores. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Commercial real estate: CRE owner occupied risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Commercial real estate: Farmland risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Consumer loans: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Consumer loans: SFR HELOCs and junior liens risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Consumer loans: Other risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Construction loans: Construction risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Agriculture production loans: Agriculture production risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Leases: Lease risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Total loans outstanding: Risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Period end gross write-offs 
 Commercial real estate: CRE owner occupied risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Period end gross write-offs 
 Commercial real estate: Multifamily risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Period end gross write-offs 
 Commercial real estate: Farmland risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Period end gross write-offs 
 Consumer loans: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Period end gross write-offs 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Period end gross write-offs 
 Consumer loans: Other risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Period end gross write-offs 
 Commercial and industrial loans: Commercial and industrial risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Period end gross write-offs 
 Construction loans: Construction risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Period end gross write-offs 
 Agriculture production loans: Agriculture production risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Period end gross write-offs 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Period end gross write-offs 
 Total loans outstanding: Risk ratings Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful/Loss Total Period end gross write-offs 

CRE owner occupied Multifamily Farmland Total commercial real estate loans Consumer: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens SFR HELOCs and junior liens Other Total consumer loans Commercial and industrial Construction Agriculture production Leases Total 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 CRE owner occupied Multifamily Farmland Total commercial real estate loans Consumer: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens SFR HELOCs and junior liens Other Total consumer loans Commercial and industrial Construction Agriculture production Leases Total 
 CRE owner occupied Multifamily Farmland Total commercial real estate loans Consumer: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens SFR HELOCs and junior liens Other Total consumer loans Commercial and industrial Construction Agriculture production Leases Sub-total Less: Guaranteed loans ) ) ) Total, net 
 Interest income on non accrual loans that would have been recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, if all such loans had been current in accordance with their original terms, totaled million and million, respectively. Interest income actually recognized on these originated loans during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 Interest income on non accrual loans that would have been recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, if all such loans had been current in accordance with their original terms, totaled million and million, respectively. Interest income actually recognized on these originated loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 CRE owner occupied Multifamily Farmland Total commercial real estate loans Consumer: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens SFR HELOCs and junior liens Other Total consumer loans Commercial and industrial Construction Agriculture production Leases Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Retail Office Warehouse Other Multifamily Farmland SFR -1st Deed SFR -2nd Deed Automobile/Truck A/R and Inventory Equipment Total Commercial real estate: CRE non-owner occupied CRE owner occupied Multifamily Farmland Total commercial real estate loans Consumer: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens SFR HELOCs and junior liens Other Total consumer loans Commercial and industrial Construction Agriculture production Leases Total 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial and industrial Total 
 For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Combination - Term Extension/Rate Change Payment Delay/Term Extension Total of Loans Outstanding Payment Delay/Term Extension Payment Delay/Term Reduction Total of Loans Outstanding CRE non-owner occupied Multifamily Farmland SFR HELOCs and junior liens Commercial and industrial Total 
 
 The following table presents the financial effect of loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Modification Type Loan Type Financial Effect Payment delay / term extension Multifamily Added months to the life of the loan 
 Payment delay / term extension Commercial and industrial Added a weighted average months to the life of the loans 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Modification Type Loan Type Financial Effect Combination - Term extension / rate change CRE non-owner occupied Added months to the life of the loan; converted from variable to fixed interest rate 
 Payment delay / term extension SFR HELOCs and junior liens Added months to the life of the loan 
 Payment delay / term extension Commercial and industrial Added a weighted average months to the life of the loans 

The following table presents the financial effect of loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Modification Type Loan Type Financial Effect Payment delay / term reduction Farmland Reduced term by months; changed from amortizing to interest only 
 Payment delay / term extension Commercial and industrial Added months to the life of the loan to delay balloon repayment 
 Payment delay / term extension Commercial and industrial Added months to the life of the loan; changed from amortizing to interest only 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, there were no loans with payment defaults by borrowers experiencing financial difficulty which had material modifications in rate, term or principal forgiveness during the twelve months prior to default. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Note 5 - 
 or more options to renew at the Company s discretion. If at lease inception, the Company considers the exercising of a renewal option to be reasonably certain, the Company will include the extended term in the calculation of the ROU asset and lease liability. Topic 842 requires the use of the rate implicit in the lease whenever this rate is readily determinable. As this rate is rarely determinable, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate at lease inception, on a collateralized basis, over a similar term. The lease liability is reduced based on the discounted present value of remaining payments as of each reporting period. The ROUA value is measured using the amount of lease liability and adjusted for prepaid or accrued lease payments, remaining lease incentives, unamortized direct costs (if any), and impairment (if any). 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost (income) ) Total lease cost 
 ROUA obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities ) 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Discount for present value of expected cash flows ) Lease liability at September 30, 2024 
 
 Note 6 - 
 Interest-bearing demand Savings Time certificates, 250,000 or more Other time certificates Total deposits 
 Certificate of deposit balances of million and million from the State of California were included in time certificates, over 250,000, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company participates in a deposit program offered by the State of California whereby the State may make deposits at the Company s request subject to collateral and credit worthiness constraints. The negotiated rates on these State deposits are generally more favorable than other wholesale funding sources available to the Company. 
 Overdrawn deposit balances of million and million were classified as consumer loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Note 7 - 
 , payable on October 7, 2024 
 Term borrowing at FHLB, fixed rate of , payable on April 8, 2025 
 Term borrowing at FHLB, fixed rate of , payable on April 8, 2024 
 Overnight borrowing at FHLB, fixed rate of , payable on January 2, 2024 
 Overnight borrowing at FHLB, fixed rate, as of September 30, 2024 of , payable on October 1, 2024 
 Other collateralized borrowings, fixed rate, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 of , payable on October 1, 2024 and January 2, 2024, respectively 
 Total other borrowings 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Note 8 - 
 TriCo Cap Trust II 7/23/2034 North Valley Trust II 4/24/2033 North Valley Trust III 7/23/2034 North Valley Trust IV 3/15/2036 VRB Subordinated 3/29/2029 VRB Subordinated - 
 8/27/2035 Fixed 
 The VRB - Subordinated Debt issuance is fixed at through August 27, 2025, then will have a floating rate of 90-day average SOFR plus until maturity. 
 
 Note 9 - 
 Consumer loans Real estate mortgage loans Real estate construction loans Standby letters of credit Deposit account overdraft privilege 
 
 In April 2024, Visa Inc. announced the commencement of an exchange offer for Visa Class B-1 common stock and the Company subsequently tendered all of its Visa Class B-1 common stock in exchange for a combination of Visa Class B-2 common stock and Visa Class C common stock. Completion of the exchange resulted in a gain of million relating to the Visa Class C common stock. Visa Class B-2 common stock continues to be carried at zero. The Bank owns shares of Class B-2 common stock of Visa Inc. which may be convertible into Class A common stock at a conversion ratio of per Class B-2 share. As of September 30, 2024, the value of the Class A shares was per share. Utilizing the conversion ratio, the value of unredeemed Class A equivalent shares owned by the Bank was million as of September 30, 2024, and has not been reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The shares of Visa Class B-2 common stock are restricted and may not be transferred. Visa Member Banks are required to fund an escrow account to cover settlements, resolution of pending litigation and related claims. If the funds in the escrow account are insufficient to settle all the covered litigation, Visa may sell additional Class A shares, use the proceeds to settle litigation, and further reduce the conversion ratio. If funds remain in the escrow account after all litigation is settled, the Class B-2 conversion ratio may be increased to reflect that surplus. Until all U.S. covered litigation obligations have been satisfied or the Applicable Conversion Rate for the Class B-2 common stock reaches zero, there is no dollar cap on the amount of payments that a participating holder and its guarantors may be obligated to make under its Makewhole Agreement. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Note 10 - 
 million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and million and million during the equivalent nine month periods then ended, respectively. The Bank is regulated by the FDIC and the DFPI. Absent approval from the Commissioner of the DFPI, California banking laws generally limit the Bank s ability to pay dividends to the lesser of (1) retained earnings or (2) net income for the last three fiscal years, less cash distributions paid during such period. 
 Stock Repurchase Plan 
 On February 25, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million shares of the Company's common stock (the 2021 Repurchase Plan), which approximated of the shares outstanding as of the approval date. The actual timing of any share repurchases can be determined by the Company's management and therefore the total value of the shares to be purchased under the 2021 Repurchase Plan is subject to change. The 2021 Repurchase Plan has no expiration date (in accordance with applicable laws and regulations). During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased and shares with market values of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased and shares with market values of and million, respectively. 
 Stock Repurchased Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The Company's shareholder-approved equity compensation plans permit employees to tender recently vested shares in lieu of cash for the payment of exercise price, if applicable, and the tax withholding on such shares. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, exercising option holders tendered and shares, respectively, of the Company s common stock in connection with option exercises. There were option exercises during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Employees also tendered and shares in connection with the tax withholding requirements of other share-based awards during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In total, shares of the Company's common stock tendered had market values of million and million during the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and million and million, respectively during the year to date periods then ended. The tendered shares were retired. The market value of tendered shares is the last market trade price at closing on the day an option is exercised or the other share-based award vests. Stock repurchased under equity incentive plans are not included in the total of stock repurchased under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Plans. 
 
 Note 11 - 
 shares to be issued in connection with equity-based incentives. In conjunction with shareholder approval of the 2024 Plan, the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (2019 Plan), which allowed for up to shares to be issued in connection with equity-based incentives, is no longer available for grant issuances. The Company's 2009 Equity Incentive Plan expired on March 26, 2019. While no new awards can be granted under the 2019 Plan or 2009 Plan, existing grants continue to be governed by the terms, conditions and procedures set forth in any applicable award agreement. 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 The Company did not modify any option grants during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 RSUs granted RSUs added through dividend and performance credits RSUs released ) ) RSUs forfeited ) ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 The of service condition vesting RSUs outstanding as of September 30, 2024 include a feature whereby each RSU outstanding is credited with a dividend amount equal to any common stock cash dividend declared and paid, and the credited amount is divided by the closing price of the Company s stock on the dividend payable date to arrive at an additional amount of RSUs outstanding under the original grant. The dividend credits follow the same vesting requirements as the RSU awards and are not considered participating securities. The of service condition vesting RSUs outstanding as of September 30, 2024 are expected to vest, and be released, on a weighted-average basis, over the next years. The Company expects to recognize million of pre-tax compensation costs related to these service condition vesting RSUs between September 30, 2024 and their vesting dates. The Company did not modify any service condition vesting RSUs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 The of market plus service condition vesting RSUs outstanding as of September 30, 2024 are expected to vest, and be released, on a weighted-average basis, over the next years. The Company expects to recognize million of pre-tax compensation costs related to these RSUs between September 30, 2024 and their vesting dates. As of September 30, 2024, the number of market plus service condition vesting RSUs outstanding that will actually vest, and be released, may be reduced to or increased to depending on the total return of the Company s common stock versus the total return of an index of bank stocks from the grant date to the vesting date. The Company did not modify any market plus service condition vesting RSUs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Note 12 - 
 Service charges on deposit accounts Other service fees Mortgage banking service fees Change in value of mortgage servicing rights ) ) ) ) Total service charges and fees Increase in cash value of life insurance Asset management and commission income Gain on sale of loans Lease brokerage income Sale of customer checks (Loss) gain on sale or exchange of investment securities ) ) (Loss) gain on marketable equity securities ) ) Other Total other non-interest income Total non-interest income 
 Incentive compensation Benefits and other compensation costs Total salaries and benefits expense Occupancy Data processing and software Equipment Intangible amortization Advertising ATM and POS network charges Professional fees Telecommunications Regulatory assessments and insurance Postage Operational losses Courier service (Gain) loss on sale or acquisition of foreclosed assets ) ) ) Loss on disposal of fixed assets Other miscellaneous expense Total other non-interest expense Total non-interest expense 
 
 Note 13 - 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Average number of common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive stock options and restricted stock Average number of common shares outstanding used to calculate diluted earnings per share Options excluded from diluted earnings per share because of their antidilutive effect 
 Average number of common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive stock options and restricted stock Average number of common shares outstanding used to calculate diluted earnings per share Options excluded from diluted earnings per share because of their antidilutive effect 
 
 Note 14 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified out of AOCI: Realized gain (loss) on debt securities ) Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available for sale securities after reclassifications ) ) Tax effect ) ) Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available for sale securities, net of tax ) ) Change in unfunded status of the supplemental retirement plans before reclassifications Amounts reclassified out of AOCI: Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of actuarial losses ) ) ) ) Total amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Change in unfunded status of the supplemental retirement plans after reclassifications Tax effect Change in unfunded status of the supplemental retirement plans, net of tax Change in joint beneficiary agreement liability before reclassifications Tax effect Change in joint beneficiary agreement liability before reclassifications, net of tax Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 34 

Table of Contents ) Tax effect Unrealized holding loss on available for sale securities, net of tax ) ) Unfunded status of the supplemental retirement plans Tax effect ) ) Unfunded status of the supplemental retirement plans, net of tax Joint beneficiary agreement liability Tax effect Joint beneficiary agreement liability, net of tax Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 
 Note 15 - 
 securities classified as Level 3 during any of the periods covered in these consolidated financial statements. 
 Loans held for sale - Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. The fair value of loans held for sale is based on what secondary markets are currently offering for loans with similar characteristics. As such, we classify those loans subjected to recurring fair value adjustments as Level 2. 
 Individually evaluated loans - Loans are not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. However, from time to time, certain loans have individual risk characteristics not consistent with a pool of loans and is individually evaluated for credit reserves. Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the original contractual terms of the loan agreement are typically individually evaluated. The fair value of these loans are estimated using one of several methods, including collateral value, fair value of similar debt, enterprise value, liquidation value and discounted cash flows. Those loans not requiring an allowance represent loans for which the fair value of the expected repayments or collateral exceed the recorded investments in such loans. Loans where an allowance is established based on the fair value of collateral require classification in the fair value hierarchy. When the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable market price or a current appraised value which uses substantially observable data, the Company records the loan as nonrecurring Level 2. When an appraised value is not available or management determines the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value, or the appraised value contains a significant unobservable assumption, such as deviations from 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Debt securities available for sale: Obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate bonds Asset backed securities Non-agency mortgage backed securities Loans held for sale Mortgage servicing rights Total assets measured at fair value 
 Fair value at December 31, 2023 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Marketable equity securities Debt securities available for sale: Obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate bonds Asset backed securities Non-agency mortgage backed securities Loans held for sale Mortgage servicing rights Total assets measured at fair value 
 Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized on the actual date of the event or circumstances that caused the transfer, which generally corresponds with the Company s quarterly valuation process. There were transfers between any levels during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 ) 2023: Mortgage servicing rights 
 ) 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 ) 2023: Mortgage servicing rights 
 ) 
 The key unobservable inputs used in determining the fair value of mortgage servicing rights are mortgage prepayment speeds and the discount rate used to discount cash projected cash flows. Generally, any significant increases in the mortgage prepayment speed and discount rate utilized in the fair value measurement of the mortgage servicing rights will result in a negative fair value adjustments (and decrease in the fair value measurement). Conversely, a decrease in the mortgage prepayment speed and discount rate will result in a positive fair value adjustment (and increase in the fair value measurement). 
 Discounted cash flow Constant prepayment rate - ; 
 Discount rate - ; 
 As of December 31, 2023: Mortgage Servicing Rights Discounted cash flow Constant prepayment rate - ; 
 Discount rate - ; 

December 31, 2023 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Fair value: Collateral dependent loans Foreclosed assets Total assets measured at fair value 
 
 The tables below present the gains (losses) resulting from non-recurring fair value adjustments of assets and liabilities for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Collateral dependent loans ) ) ) Foreclosed assets ) ) Total losses from non-recurring measurements ) ) ) 
 
 The individually evaluated loan amounts above represent collateral dependent loans that have been adjusted to fair value. When the Company identifies a collateral dependent loan with unique risk characteristics, the Company evaluates the need for an allowance using the current fair value of the collateral, less selling costs. Depending on the characteristics of a loan, the fair value of collateral is generally estimated by obtaining external appraisals. If the Company determines that the value of the loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, the Company recognizes this impairment and adjust the carrying value of the loan to fair value through the allowance for credit losses. The loss represents charge-offs or impairments on collateral dependent loans for fair value adjustments based on the fair value of collateral. The carrying value of loans fully charged-off is . 
 The foreclosed assets amount above represents impaired real estate that has been adjusted to fair value. Foreclosed assets represent real estate which the Company has taken control of in partial or full satisfaction of loans. At the time of foreclosure, other real estate owned is recorded at fair value less costs to sell, which becomes the property s new basis. Any write-downs based on the asset s fair value at the date of acquisition are charged to the allowance for credit losses. After foreclosure, management periodically performs valuations such that the 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Sales comparison approach Income approach Adjustment for differences between comparable sales; Capitalization rate Not meaningful N/A 
 The following table presents quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements for financial instruments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at December 31, 2023: December 31, 2023 Fair Value (in thousands) Valuation Technique Unobservable Inputs Range, Weighted Average Collateral dependent loans Sales comparison approach Income approach Adjustment for differences between comparable sales; Capitalization rate Not meaningful N/A 
 Foreclosed assets (Residential real estate) Sales comparison approach Adjustment for differences between comparable sales Not meaningful N/A 
 
 Fair values for financial instruments are management s estimates of the values at which the instruments could be exchanged in a transaction between willing parties. The Company uses the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments. These estimates are subjective and may vary significantly from amounts that would be realized in actual transactions. In addition, other significant assets are not considered financial assets including, any mortgage banking operations, deferred tax assets, and premises and equipment. Further, the tax ramifications related to the realization of the unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on the fair value estimates and have not been considered in any of these estimates. 
 Cash at Federal Reserve and other banks Level 2 inputs: Securities held to maturity Restricted equity securities n/a n/a Level 3 inputs: Loans, net Financial liabilities: Level 2 inputs: Deposits Other borrowings Level 3 inputs: Junior subordinated debt 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Note 16 - 
 N/A N/A Tri Counties Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets): Consolidated N/A N/A Tri Counties Bank Common equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets): Consolidated N/A N/A Tri Counties Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets): Consolidated N/A N/A Tri Counties Bank 
 Actual Required for Capital Adequacy Purposes Required to be Considered Well Capitalized As of December 31, 2023: Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio (dollars in thousands) Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets): Consolidated N/A N/A Tri Counties Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets): Consolidated N/A N/A Tri Counties Bank Common equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets): Consolidated N/A N/A Tri Counties Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets): Consolidated N/A N/A Tri Counties Bank 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

40 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 The statements contained herein that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements based on management s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on the Company. Such statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond our control. We caution readers that a number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: the conditions of the United States economy in general and the strength of the local economies in which we conduct operations; the impact of any future federal government shutdown and uncertainty regarding the federal government s debt limit or changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; the impacts of inflation, interest rate, market and monetary fluctuations on the Company's business condition and financial operating results; the impact of changes in financial services industry policies, laws and regulations; regulatory restrictions affecting our ability to successfully market and price our products to consumers; the risks related to the development, implementation, use and management of emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine learning; extreme weather, natural disasters and other catastrophic events that may or may not be caused by climate change and their effects on the Company's customers and the economic and business environments in which the Company operates; the impact of a slowing U.S. economy, decreases in housing and commercial real estate prices, and potentially increased unemployment on the performance of our loan portfolio, the market value of our investment securities and possible other-than-temporary impairment of securities held by us due to changes in credit quality or rates; the availability of, and cost of, sources of funding and the demand for our products; adverse developments with respect to U.S. or global economic conditions and other uncertainties, including the impact of supply chain disruptions, commodities prices, inflationary pressures and labor shortages on the economic recovery and our business; the impacts of international hostilities, wars, terrorism or geopolitical events; adverse developments in the financial services industry generally such as the recent bank failures and any related impact on depositor behavior or investor sentiment; risks related to the sufficiency of liquidity; the possibility that our recorded goodwill could become impaired, which may have an adverse impact on our earnings and capital; the costs or effects of mergers, acquisitions or dispositions we may make, as well as whether we are able to obtain any required governmental approvals in connection with any such activities, or identify and complete favorable transactions in the future, and/or realize the anticipated financial and business benefits; the regulatory and financial impacts associated with exceeding 10 billion in total assets; the negative impact on our reputation and profitability in the event customers experience economic harm or in the event that regulatory violations are identified; the ability to execute our business plan in new markets; the future operating or financial performance of the Company, including our outlook for future growth and changes in the level and direction of our nonperforming assets and charge-offs; the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses, including the assumptions made under our current expected credit losses model; any deterioration in values of California real estate, both residential and commercial; the effectiveness of the Company's asset management activities managing the mix of earning assets and in improving, resolving or liquidating lower-quality assets; the effect of changes in the financial performance and/or condition of our borrowers; changes in accounting standards and practices; changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; our ability to attract and maintain deposits and other sources of liquidity; the effects of changes in the level or cost of checking or savings account deposits on our funding costs and net interest margin; increasing noninterest expense and its impact on our financial performance; competition and innovation with respect to financial products and services by banks, financial institutions and non-traditional competitors including retail businesses and technology companies; the challenges of attracting, integrating and retaining key employees; the vulnerability of the Company's operational or security systems or infrastructure, the systems of third-party vendors or other service providers with whom the Company contracts, and the Company's customers to unauthorized access, computer viruses, phishing schemes, spam attacks, human error, natural disasters, power loss and data/security breaches and the cost to defend against and respond to such incidents; the impact of the 2023 cyber security ransomware incident, including the pending litigation, on our operations and reputation; increased data security risks due to work from home arrangements and email vulnerability; failure to safeguard personal information, and any resulting litigation; the effect of a fall in stock market prices on our brokerage and wealth management businesses; the transition from the LIBOR to new interest rate benchmarks; the emergence or continuation of widespread health emergencies or pandemics; the Company s potential judgments, orders, settlements, penalties, fines and reputational damage resulting from pending or future litigation and regulatory investigations, proceedings and enforcement actions; and our ability to manage the risks involved in the foregoing. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be the same as those anticipated by management. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described above can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and all subsequent filings with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, and 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. Such filings are also available in the Investor Relations section of our website, https://www.tcbk.com/investor-relations and in other documents we file with the SEC. Annualized, pro forma, projections and estimates are not forecasts and may not reflect actual results. We undertake no obligation (and expressly disclaim any such obligation) to update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 
 General 
 As TriCo Bancshares (referred to in this report as we , our or the Company has not commenced any business operations independent of Tri Counties Bank (the Bank ), the following discussion pertains primarily to the Bank. Average balances, including such balances used in calculating certain financial ratios, are generally comprised of average daily balances for the Company. Within Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, interest income, net interest income, and net interest yield are generally presented on a FTE basis. The Company believes the use of these non-generally accepted accounting principles (non-GAAP) measures provides additional clarity in assessing its results, and the presentation of these measures on a FTE basis is a common practice within the banking industry. Interest income and net interest income are shown on a non-FTE basis in the Part I - Financial Information section of this Form 10-Q, and a reconciliation of the FTE and non-FTE presentations is provided below in the discussion of net interest income. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those that materially affect the financial statements and are related to the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, investments, mortgage servicing rights, fair value measurements, retirement plans and intangible assets. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. A detailed discussion related to the Company s accounting policies including those related to estimates on the allowance for credit losses related to loans and investment securities, and impairment of intangible assets, can be found in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Geographical Descriptions 
 For the purpose of describing the geographical location of the Company s operations, the Company has defined northern California as that area of California north of, and including, Stockton to the east and San Jose to the west; central California as that area of the state south of Stockton and San Jose, to and including, Bakersfield to the east and San Luis Obispo to the west; and southern California as that area of the state south of Bakersfield and San Luis Obispo. 
 
 Financial Highlights 
 Performance highlights and other developments for the Company as of or for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, included the following: 
 Net income was 29.1 million or 0.88 per diluted share as compared to 29.0 million or 0.87 per diluted share in the trailing quarter 
 Deposit balances decreased 13.1 million or 0.7 (annualized) from the trailing quarter and have increased 27.4 million or 0.3 (annualized) from the same quarter of the prior year 
 Average yield on earning assets was 5.26 , an increase of 2 basis points over the 5.24 in the trailing quarter 
 Net interest margin (FTE) was 3.71 in the recent quarter, an increase of 3 basis points over 3.68 in the trailing quarter 
 Non-interest bearing deposits averaged 31.7 of total deposits during the quarter 
 The average cost of total deposits was 1.52 , an increase of 7 basis points as compared to 1.45 in the trailing quarter, and an increase of 66 basis points from 0.86 in the same quarter of the prior year; the Company's total cost of deposits have increased 148 basis points since FOMC rate actions began in March 2022, which translates to a cycle-to-date deposit beta of 31.2 
 For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company s return on average assets was 1.20 , while the return on average equity was 9.52 ; for the trailing quarter ended June 30, 2024, the Company s return on average assets was 1.19 , while the return on average equity was 9.99 
 Diluted earnings per share were 0.88 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 0.87 for the trailing quarter and 0.92 during the third quarter of 2023 
 The loan to deposit ratio decreased to 83.2 as of September 30, 2024, as compared to 83.8 for the trailing quarter end, as a result of loan contraction during the quarter 
 The efficiency ratio was 60.02 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 59.61 for the trailing quarter 
 The provision for credit losses was approximately 0.2 million during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 0.4 million during the trailing quarter 
 The allowance for credit losses (ACL) to total loans was 1.85 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 1.83 as of the trailing quarter end, and 1.73 as of September 30, 2023. Non-performing assets to total assets were 0.45 on September 30, 2024, as compared to 0.36 as of June 30, 2024, and 0.33 at September 30, 2023. At September 30, 2024, the ACL represented 297 of non-performing loans 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 TRICO BANCSHARES 
 Financial Summary 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts; unaudited) Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net interest income 82,611 88,123 247,344 270,060 Provision for credit losses (220) (4,155) (4,930) (18,000) Non-interest income 16,495 15,984 48,132 45,360 Non-interest expense (59,487) (57,878) (174,330) (172,915) Provision for income taxes (10,348) (11,484) (30,382) (33,190) Net income 29,051 30,590 85,834 91,315 Per Share Data: Basic earnings per share 0.88 0.92 2.59 2.75 Diluted earnings per share 0.88 0.92 2.58 2.74 Dividends paid 0.33 0.30 0.99 0.90 Book value at period end 37.55 32.18 Average common shares outstanding 32,993 33,263 33,119 33,259 Average diluted common shares outstanding 33,137 33,319 33,251 33,356 Shares outstanding at period end 33,001 33,263 At period end: Loans 6,683,891 6,708,666 Total investment securities 2,116,469 2,333,162 Total assets 9,823,890 9,897,006 Total deposits 8,037,091 8,009,643 Other borrowings 266,767 537,975 Shareholders equity 1,239,015 1,070,401 Financial Ratios: During the period: Return on average assets (annualized) 1.20 1.23 1.17 1.24 Return on average equity (annualized) 9.52 10.91 9.67 11.06 Net interest margin (1) (annualized) 
 3.71 3.88 3.69 4.01 Efficiency ratio 60.02 55.59 59.00 54.82 Average equity to average assets 12.56 11.27 12.14 11.19 At end of period: Equity to assets 12.61 10.82 Total capital to risk-adjusted assets 15.56 14.51 
 (1) Fully Taxable Equivalent (FTE) 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis is designed to provide a better understanding of the significant changes and trends related to the Company and the Bank s financial condition, operating results, asset and liability management, liquidity and capital resources and should be read in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the Notes thereto located at Item 1 of this report. 

43 

Table of Contents 

 Net Interest Income 
 The Company s primary source of revenue is net interest income, or the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Following is a summary of the components of FTE net income for the periods indicated. 
 Three months ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Change Interest income 117,347 117,032 315 0.3 Interest expense (34,736) (35,035) 299 (0.9) Fully tax-equivalent adjustment (FTE) (1) 
 269 275 (6) (2.2) Net interest income (FTE) 82,880 82,272 608 0.7 Net interest margin (FTE) 3.71 3.68 Acquired loans discount accretion, net: Amount (included in interest income) 1,018 850 168 19.8 Net interest margin less effect of acquired loan discount accretion (1) 
 3.66 3.64 0.02 
 Three months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Interest income 117,347 112,380 4,967 4.4 Interest expense (34,736) (24,257) (10,479) 43.2 Fully tax-equivalent adjustment (FTE) (1) 
 269 405 (136) (33.6) Net interest income (FTE) 82,880 88,528 (5,648) (6.4) Net interest margin (FTE) 3.71 3.88 Acquired loans discount accretion, net: Amount (included in interest income) 1,018 1,324 (306) (23.1) Net interest margin less effect of acquired loan discount accretion (1) 
 3.66 3.82 (0.16) 
 Nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Interest income 349,796 322,445 27,351 8.5 Interest expense (102,452) (52,385) (50,067) 95.6 Fully tax-equivalent adjustment (FTE) (1) 
 819 1,176 (357) (30.4) Net interest income (FTE) 248,163 271,236 (23,073) (8.5) Net interest margin (FTE) 3.69 4.01 Acquired loans discount accretion, net: Amount (included in interest income) 3,200 4,192 (992) (23.7) Net interest margin less effect of acquired loan discount accretion (1) 
 3.64 3.95 (0.31) 
 (1) Certain information included herein is presented on a FTE basis and/or to present additional financial details which may be desired by users of this financial information. The Company believes the use of this non-generally accepted accounting principles (non-GAAP) measure provides additional clarity in assessing its results, and the presentation of these measures is a common practice within the banking industry. 
 
 Loans may be acquired at a premium or discount to par value, in which case, the premium is amortized (subtracted from) or the discount is accreted (added to) interest income over the remaining life of the loan. The dollar impact of loan discount accretion and loan premium amortization decrease as the purchased loans mature or pay off early. Upon the early pay off of a loan, any remaining unaccreted discount or unamortized premium is immediately taken into interest income; and as loan payoffs may vary significantly from quarter to quarter, so may the impact of discount accretion and premium amortization on interest income. Despite the elevated rate environment, the prepayment rate of portfolio loans, inclusive of those acquired at a premium or discount, remains generally consistent. During the quarters ended September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the purchased loan discount accretion was 1.0 million, 0.9 million and 1.3 million, respectively. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Average Balances, Yields/Rates and Interest Differential 
 The following table presents, for the three month periods indicated, information regarding the Company s consolidated average assets, liabilities and shareholders equity, the amounts of interest income from average interest-earning assets and resulting yields, and the amount of interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Average loan balances include nonperforming loans. Interest income includes proceeds from loans on nonaccrual loans only to the extent cash payments have been received and applied to interest income. Yields on securities and certain loans have been adjusted upward to reflect the effect of income thereon exempt from federal income taxation at the current statutory tax rate (dollars in thousands). Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Rates Earned /Paid Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Rates Earned /Paid Assets: Loans 6,690,326 98,085 5.83 6,597,400 91,707 5.51 Investment securities - taxable 1,972,859 17,188 3.47 2,246,569 18,990 3.35 Investment securities - nontaxable (1) 
 135,500 1,166 3.42 182,766 1,755 3.81 Total investments 2,108,359 18,354 3.46 2,429,335 20,745 3.39 Cash at Federal Reserve and other banks 93,538 1,177 5.01 26,654 333 4.96 Total interest-earning assets 8,892,223 117,616 5.26 9,053,389 112,785 4.94 Other assets 774,756 820,851 Total assets 9,666,979 9,874,240 Liabilities and shareholders equity: Interest-bearing demand deposits 1,736,442 6,132 1.40 1,751,625 3,916 0.89 Savings deposits 2,686,303 13,202 1.96 2,790,197 9,526 1.35 Time deposits 1,055,612 11,354 4.28 535,715 3,937 2.92 Total interest-bearing deposits 5,478,357 30,688 2.23 5,077,537 17,379 1.36 Other borrowings 175,268 2,144 4.87 449,274 5,106 4.51 Junior subordinated debt 101,150 1,904 7.49 101,070 1,772 6.96 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,754,775 34,736 2.40 5,627,881 24,257 1.71 Noninterest-bearing deposits 2,542,579 2,965,564 Other liabilities 155,115 168,391 Shareholders equity 1,214,510 1,112,404 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 9,666,979 9,874,240 Net interest spread (2) 
 2.86 3.23 Net interest income and interest margin (3) 
 82,880 3.71 88,528 3.88 
 (1) Fully taxable equivalent (FTE). All yields and rates are calculated using specific day counts for the period and year as applicable. 
 (2) Net interest spread represents the average yield earned on interest-earning assets minus the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (3) Net interest margin is computed by calculating the difference between interest income and interest expense, divided by the average balance of i nterest-earning assets, then annualized based on the number of days in the given period . 
 Net interest income (FTE) during the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 5.6 million or 6 to 82.9 million compared to 88.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. In addition, net interest margin declined 17 basis points to 3.71 , compared to the same quarter last year. The decrease in net interest income is primarily attributed to an additional 13.3 million in deposit interest expense due to rate increases associated with competitive pricing pressures, and to a lesser extent, changes in product mix. The cost of interest-bearing deposits increased by 87 basis points between the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and the same quarter of the prior year. In addition, the average balance of noninterest-bearing deposits decreased by 423.0 million from the three month average for the period ended September 30, 2023 as customers continued to migrate towards higher yielding term deposit accounts. As of September 30, 2024, the ratio of average total noninterest-bearing deposits to total average deposits was 31.7 , as compared to 32.0 and 36.9 at June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase in cost of interest bearing liabilities was partially offset by increased interest and fee income on loans totaling 6.4 million compared to the same quarter of the prior year. Average loan yields increased 32 basis points from 5.51 during the three months ended September 30, 2023, to 5.83 during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The accretion of discounts from acquired loans added 6 and 8 basis points to loan yields during the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, the average balance of loans during the quarter increased 92.9 million compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Rates Earned /Paid Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Rates Earned /Paid Assets: Loans 6,755,916 292,799 5.79 6,493,585 260,868 5.37 Investment securities - taxable 2,034,336 52,021 3.42 2,328,883 56,681 3.25 Investment securities - nontaxable (1) 
 137,515 3,548 3.45 184,524 5,096 3.69 Total investments 2,171,851 55,569 3.42 2,513,407 61,777 3.29 Cash at Federal Reserve and other banks 58,792 2,247 5.11 27,606 976 4.73 Total interest-earning assets 8,986,559 350,615 5.21 9,034,598 323,621 4.79 Other assets 781,406 832,501 Total assets 9,767,965 9,867,099 Liabilities and shareholders equity: Interest-bearing demand deposits 1,738,876 17,294 1.33 1,694,438 6,476 0.51 Savings deposits 2,670,555 36,362 1.82 2,818,817 20,616 0.98 Time deposits 961,577 29,582 4.11 413,359 6,889 2.23 Total interest-bearing deposits 5,371,008 83,238 2.07 4,926,614 33,981 0.92 Other borrowings 361,175 13,640 5.04 402,016 13,318 4.43 Junior subordinated debt 101,128 5,574 7.36 101,057 5,086 6.73 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,833,311 102,452 2.35 5,429,687 52,385 1.29 Noninterest-bearing deposits 2,584,705 3,153,807 Other liabilities 163,704 179,483 Shareholders equity 1,186,245 1,104,122 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 9,767,965 9,867,099 Net interest spread (2) 
 2.86 3.50 Net interest income and interest margin (3) 
 248,163 3.69 271,236 4.01 
 (1) Fully taxable equivalent (FTE). All yields and rates are calculated using specific day counts for the period and year as applicable. 
 (2) Net interest spread represents the average yield earned on interest-earning assets minus the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (3) Net interest margin is computed by calculating the difference between interest income and interest expense, divided by the average balance of i nterest-earning assets, then annualized based on the number of days in the given period . 
 Net interest income (FTE) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 23.1 million, or 9 , to 248.2 million compared to 271.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. In addition, net interest margin declined 32 basis points to 3.69 , compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease in net interest income is primarily attributed to an increased cost of interest bearing liabilities, primarily on deposits. The cost of interest bearing deposits increased by 115 basis points during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in the prior year. In addition, the average balance of noninterest-bearing deposits decreased by 569.1 million from the nine month average for the period ended September 30, 2023 amidst a continued migration of customer funds to interest-bearing products, as discussed above. The increases in the cost of interest bearing liabilities were partially offset by increased interest and fee income on loans. As compared to the same period in the prior year, the average balance of loans increased 262.3 million and average loan yields increased 42 basis points from 5.37 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 5.79 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The accretion of discounts from acquired loans added 6 and 9 basis points to loan yields during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Summary of Changes in Interest Income and Expense due to Changes in Average Asset and Liability Balances and Yields Earned and Rates Paid 
 The following table sets forth, for the period identified, a summary of the changes in interest income and interest expense from changes in average asset and liability balances (volume) and changes in average interest rates for the periods indicated. Changes not solely attributable to volume or rates have been allocated in proportion to the respective volume and rate components. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Three months ended September 30, 2024 
 compared with three months ended September 30, 2023 
 (in thousands) Volume Rate Total Increase (decrease) in interest income: Loans 1,281 5,097 6,378 Investment securities 
 (2,742) 351 (2,391) Cash at Federal Reserve and other banks 829 15 844 Total interest-earning assets (632) 5,463 4,831 Increase (decrease) in interest expense: Interest-bearing demand deposits (34) 2,250 2,216 Savings deposits (351) 4,027 3,676 Time deposits 3,795 3,622 7,417 Other borrowings (3,089) 127 (2,962) Junior subordinated debt 1 131 132 Total interest-bearing liabilities 322 10,157 10,479 Decrease in net interest income (954) (4,694) (5,648) 
 
 The following commentary regarding net interest income, interest income and interest expense may be best understood while referencing the Summary of Average Balances, Yields/Rates and Interest Differential and the Summary of Changes in Interest Income and Expense due to Changes in Average Asset and Liability Balances and Yields Earned and Rates Paid shown above. 
 Net interest income (FTE) during the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 5.6 million to 82.9 million compared to 88.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The overall decrease in net interest income (FTE) was due to increasing interest rates elevating interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, most significantly deposits. Elevated interest rates also improved interest income on earning assets by 4.8 million, partially offsetting the increases in interest expense. 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 compared with nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 (in thousands) Volume Rate Total Increase (decrease) in interest income: Loans 10,565 21,366 31,931 Investment securities 
 (8,481) 2,273 (6,208) Cash at Federal Reserve and other banks 1,106 165 1,271 Total interest-earning assets 3,190 23,804 26,994 Increase (decrease) in interest expense: Interest-bearing demand deposits 170 10,648 10,818 Savings deposits (1,090) 16,836 15,746 Time deposits 9,169 13,524 22,693 Other borrowings (1,357) 1,679 322 Junior subordinated debt 4 484 488 Total interest-bearing liabilities 6,896 43,171 50,067 Decrease in net interest income (3,706) (19,367) (23,073) 
 Net interest income (FTE) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 23.1 million to 248.2 million compared to 271.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The overall decrease in net interest income (FTE) was due to increasing interest rates elevating interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, most significantly deposits and other borrowings, resulting in a net increase of 49.3 million and 0.3 million, respectively. Elevated interest rates also improved interest income on earning assets by 27.0 million, partially offsetting the increases in interest expense. 
 
 Asset Quality and Credit Loss Provisioning 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a provision for credit losses of 0.2 million, as compared to 0.4 million during the trailing quarter, and 4.2 million during the third quarter of 2023. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Addition to allowance for credit losses 320 3,120 4,670 16,415 Addition to (reversal of) reserve for unfunded loan commitments 
 (100) 1,035 260 1,585 Total provision for credit losses 220 4,155 4,930 18,000 
 The provision for credit losses on loans of 0.3 million during the recent quarter was the result of net charge-offs approximating 0.1 million and decreases in reserves for qualitative factors due to improved concentration levels and overall lower loan balances, offset by a 3.7 million increase in specific reserves for individually evaluated credits within the commercial and industrial portfolio. 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Balance, beginning of period 123,517 117,329 121,522 105,680 Provision for credit losses 320 3,120 4,670 16,415 Loans charged-off (444) (5,357) (3,329) (7,391) Recoveries of previously charged-off loans 367 720 897 1,108 Balance, end of period 123,760 115,812 123,760 115,812 
 The allowance for credit losses (ACL) was 123.8 million or 1.85 of total loans as of September 30, 2024. The Company utilizes a forecast period of approximately eight quarters and obtains the forecast data from publicly available sources as of the balance sheet date. This forecast data continues to evolve and includes improving shifts in the magnitude of changes for both the unemployment and GDP factors leading up to the balance sheet date. Core inflation is slowing but prices remain elevated relative to wage increases, as reflected by higher living costs such as housing, energy and general services. Actions by the Federal Reserve to cut rates during 2024 and beyond may help improve this outlook overall, but the uncertainty associated with the extent and timing of these potential reductions has inhibited a material change to forecasted reserve levels. Furthermore, geopolitical risks remain elevated and appear to be getting worse, which may lead to further negative effects on domestic economic outcomes. As a result, management continues to believe that certain credit weaknesses are present in the overall economy and that it is appropriate to maintain a reserve level that incorporates such risk factors. 
 Loans past due 30 days or more increased by 7.5 million during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, to 37.9 million, as compared to 30.4 million at June 30, 2024. The majority of loans identified as past due are well-secured by collateral, and approximately 16.3 million is less than 90 days delinquent. Non-performing loans were 41.6 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 8.9 million from 32.8 million as of June 30, 2024, and an increase of 11.8 million from 29.8 million as of September 30, 2023. Management continues to proactively work with these borrowers to identify actionable and appropriate resolution strategies which are customary for the industries. Of the 41.6 million loans designated as non-performing as of September 30, 2024, approximately 10.0 million are current or less than 30 days past due with respect to payments required under their existing loan agreements. 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 of Loans Outstanding June 30, 2024 of Loans Outstanding September 30, 2023 of Loans Outstanding Risk Rating: Pass 6,461,451 96.7 6,536,223 96.9 6,532,424 97.4 Special Mention 104,759 1.6 101,324 1.5 94,614 1.4 Substandard 117,681 1.8 104,979 1.6 81,628 1.2 Total 6,683,891 6,742,526 6,708,666 Classified loans to total loans 1.76 1.56 1.22 Loans past due 30+ days to total loans 0.57 0.45 0.12 
 The ratio of classified loans to total loans of 1.76 as of September 30, 2024, increased 20 basis points from June 30, 2024, and increased 55 basis points from the comparative quarter ended 2023. The change in classified loans outstanding as compared to the trailing quarter totaled 16.1 million. Loans with the risk grade classification substandard increased by 12.7 million over the trailing quarter and relate primarily to the commercial and industrial portfolio. As a percentage of total loans outstanding, classified assets remain consistent with volumes experienced prior to the recent quantitative easing cycle spurred by the COVID pandemic and reflect management's historically conservative approach to credit risk monitoring. The Company's combined criticized loan balances totaled 222.4 million as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 46.2 million from September 30, 2023. 
 Outstanding balances on construction loans, which have historically been associated with elevated levels of risk, experienced balance reductions of 7.3 million during the current quarter and 44.9 million since September 30, 2023. These reductions were primarily associated with balances that were converted to term loans upon the completion of construction and achievement of stabilized occupancy, and were partially offset by new draws or originations. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Management continues to proactively assess the repayment capacity of borrowers that will be subject to rate resets in the near term. To date this analysis as well as management's observations of loans that have experienced a rate reset, have resulted in an insignificant need to provide concessions to borrowers. 
 As of September 30, 2024, other real estate owned consisted of 10 properties with a carrying value of approximately 2.8 million, compared to 10 properties with a carrying value of approximately 2.5 million as of June 30, 2024. Non-performing assets of 44.4 million at September 30, 2024, represented 0.45 of total assets, a change from the 35.3 million or 0.36 and 32.7 million or 0.33 as of June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Non-interest Income 
 The following table summarizes the Company s non-interest income for the periods indicated (in thousands): Three months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change ATM and interchange fees 6,472 6,728 (256) (3.8) Service charges on deposit accounts 4,979 4,851 128 2.6 Other service fees 1,224 1,142 82 7.2 Mortgage banking service fees 439 445 (6) (1.3) Change in value of mortgage servicing rights (332) (91) (241) 264.8 Total service charges and fees 12,782 13,075 (293) (2.2) Increase in cash value of life insurance 786 684 102 14.9 Asset management and commission income 1,502 1,141 361 31.6 Gain on sale of loans 549 382 167 43.7 Lease brokerage income 62 160 (98) (61.3) Sale of customer checks 303 396 (93) (23.5) (Loss) gain on sale or exchange of investment securities 2 2 n/m (Loss) gain on marketable equity securities 356 (81) 437 (539.5) Other 153 227 (74) (32.6) Total other non-interest income 3,713 2,909 804 27.6 Total non-interest income 16,495 15,984 511 3.2 
 Non-interest income increased 0.5 million or 3.2 to 16.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 16.0 million during the comparative quarter ended September 30, 2023. Elevated activity and volumes of assets under management drove an increase in asset management and commission income, in addition to the benefit mentioned above related to Visa stock. These increases were partially offset by a decline in interchange fees earned related to decreased customer activity in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the equivalent quarter in 2023. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change ATM and interchange fees 19,013 19,928 (915) (4.6) Service charges on deposit accounts 14,489 12,863 1,626 12.6 Other service fees 3,876 3,300 576 17.5 Mortgage banking service fees 1,305 1,364 (59) (4.3) Change in value of mortgage servicing rights (468) (215) (253) 117.7 Total service charges and fees 38,215 37,240 975 2.6 Increase in cash value of life insurance 2,420 2,274 146 6.4 Asset management and commission income 3,989 3,233 756 23.4 Gain on sale of loans 1,198 883 315 35.7 Lease brokerage income 377 332 45 13.6 Sale of customer checks 916 1,091 (175) (16.0) (Loss) gain on sale or exchange of investment securities (43) (164) 121 (73.8) (Loss) gain on marketable equity securities 207 (81) 288 (355.6) Other 853 552 301 54.5 Total other non-interest income 9,917 8,120 1,797 22.1 Total non-interest income 48,132 45,360 2,772 6.1 
 Non-interest income increased 2.8 million or 6.1 to 48.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 45.4 million during the comparative nine months ended September 30, 2023. As noted above, interchange fees as driven by customer activities was elevated in the 2023 period and resulted in a decrease of 0.9 million as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Meanwhile, service charges on deposit accounts increased by 1.6 million or 12.6 as compared to the equivalent period in 2023 following 0.9 million in waived or reversed fees as a courtesy to customers in the 2023 year. As noted above, elevated activity within asset management and the gain on Visa stock further contributed to the overall improvement. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Non-interest Expense 
 The following table summarizes the Company s non-interest expense for the periods indicated: Three months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Base salaries, net of deferred loan origination costs 24,407 23,616 791 3.3 Incentive compensation 4,361 4,391 (30) (0.7) Benefits and other compensation costs 6,782 6,456 326 5.0 Total salaries and benefits expense 35,550 34,463 1,087 3.2 Occupancy 4,191 3,948 243 6.2 Data processing and software 5,258 5,246 12 0.2 Equipment 1,374 1,503 (129) (8.6) Intangible amortization 1,030 1,590 (560) (35.2) Advertising 1,152 881 271 30.8 ATM and POS network charges 1,712 1,606 106 6.6 Professional fees 1,893 1,752 141 8.0 Telecommunications 507 567 (60) (10.6) Regulatory assessments and insurance 1,256 1,194 62 5.2 Postage 335 306 29 9.5 Operational losses 603 474 129 27.2 Courier service 542 492 50 10.2 (Gain) loss on sale or acquisition of foreclosed assets 26 (152) 178 (117.1) (Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets 6 4 2 50.0 Other miscellaneous expense 4,052 4,004 48 1.2 Total other non-interest expense 23,937 23,415 522 2.2 Total non-interest expense 59,487 57,878 1,609 2.8 Average full time equivalent staff 1,161 1,215 (54) (4.4) 
 Total non-interest expense increased 1.6 million or 2.8 to 59.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 57.9 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. Total salaries and benefits expense increased by 1.1 million or 3.2 , reflecting the increase of 0.8 million in salaries and 0.3 million in benefits and other costs. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Base salaries, net of deferred loan origination costs 72,279 70,675 1,604 2.3 Incentive compensation 12,329 11,663 666 5.7 Benefits and other compensation costs 20,647 19,402 1,245 6.4 Total salaries and benefits expense 105,255 101,740 3,515 3.5 Occupancy 12,205 12,099 106 0.9 Data processing and software 15,459 13,916 1,543 11.1 Equipment 4,060 4,322 (262) (6.1) Intangible amortization 3,090 4,902 (1,812) (37.0) Advertising 2,733 2,656 77 2.9 ATM and POS network charges 5,360 5,217 143 2.7 Professional fees 5,047 5,326 (279) (5.2) Telecommunications 1,576 1,971 (395) (20.0) Regulatory assessments and insurance 3,651 3,979 (328) (8.2) Postage 983 916 67 7.3 Operational losses 1,199 1,999 (800) (40.0) Courier service 1,581 1,314 267 20.3 (Gain) loss on sale or acquisition of foreclosed assets (12) (152) 140 (92.1) (Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets 12 22 (10) (45.5) Other miscellaneous expense 12,131 12,688 (557) (4.4) Total other non-interest expense 69,075 71,175 (2,100) (3.0) Total non-interest expense 174,330 172,915 1,415 0.8 Average full time equivalent staff 1,170 1,215 (45) (3.7) 
 Total non-interest expense increased 1.4 million or 0.8 to 174.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 172.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was largely attributed to an increase of 3.5 million or 3.5 in total salaries and benefits expense to 105.3 million, from annual compensation adjustments and other routine increases in benefits and compensation. Salaries expense was also impacted by an increase in average compensation per employee as various strategic talent acquisitions were made in order to further prepare the Company to execute its growth objectives beyond 10 billion in total assets. Additionally, data processing and software expenses increased by 1.5 million or 11.1 related to ongoing investments in the Company's data management and security infrastructure. These increases were partially offset by declines in non-cash intangible amortization expense of 1.8 million or 37.0 and reductions in operational losses of 0.8 million or 40.0 due to non-recurring ATM burglary expenses totaling 0.7 million in the comparative period. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company s effective tax rate was 26.3 and 26.1 for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively as compared to 27.3 and 26.7 for the comparative periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Differences between the Company's effective tax rate and applicable federal and state blended statutory rate of approximately 29.6 are due to the proportion of non-taxable revenues, non-deductible expenses, and benefits from tax credits as compared to the levels of pre-tax earnings. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 For financial reporting purposes, the Company does not separately track the changes in assets and liabilities based on branch location or regional geography. The following is a comparison of the quarterly change in certain assets and liabilities: 
 Ending balances September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Annualized Change (dollars in thousands) Change Total assets 9,823,890 9,741,399 82,491 3.4 Total loans 6,683,891 6,742,526 (58,635) (3.5) Total investments 2,116,469 2,086,090 30,379 5.8 Total deposits 8,037,091 8,050,230 (13,139) (0.7) Total other borrowings 266,767 247,773 18,994 30.7 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Loans outstanding decreased by 58.6 million or 3.5 on an annualized basis during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. During the quarter, loan originations/draws totaled approximately 310.1 million while payoffs/repayments of loans totaled 368.7 million, which compares to originations/draws and payoffs/repayments during the trailing quarter ended of 325.5 million and 321.3 million, respectively. Origination volume activity levels remain slightly lower relative to the comparative period in 2023 due in part to disciplined pricing and underwriting, as well as decreased borrower demand given economic uncertainties. The increase in payoffs/repayments as compared to the trailing quarter was spread amongst numerous borrowers, regions and loan types. 
 Investment security balances decreased 30.4 million or 5.8 on an annualized basis during the current quarter as a result of net prepayments, and maturities, collectively totaling approximating 164.0 million and, to a lesser extent, sales totaling 28.6 million, partially offset by security purchases totaling 53.5 million, in addition to net increases in the market value of securities of 4.1 million. Investment security purchases were comprised of floating rate instruments tied to SOFR with an initial weighted average coupon of 6.77 and a weighted average life of 4.7 years. Investment security sales were primarily comprised of fixed rate instruments with a weighted average coupon of 2.39 and a weighted average life of 3.8 years. While management intends to primarily utilize cash flows from the investment security portfolio and organic deposit growth to support loan growth, excess liquidity will be utilized for purchases of investment securities to support net interest income growth and net interest margin expansion. 
 Deposit balances increased by 13.1 million or 0.7 annualized during the quarter, led by growth within time deposits. 
 Other borrowings totaled 266.8 million at September 30, 2024, representing a net decrease of 19.0 million from the trailing quarter. This quarter over quarter decrease was facilitated by proceeds from the sale, call or maturity of investment securities, and growth in deposits. 
 The following is a comparison of the year over year change in certain assets and liabilities: 
 Ending balances As of September 30, Change (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Total assets 9,823,890 9,897,006 (73,116) (0.7) Total loans 6,683,891 6,708,666 (24,775) (0.4) Total investments 2,116,469 2,333,162 (216,693) (9.3) Total deposits 8,037,091 8,009,643 27,448 0.3 Total other borrowings 266,767 537,975 (271,208) (50.4) 
 Investment Securities 
 The following table presents the available for sale debt securities portfolio by major type as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Fair Value Fair Value Debt securities available for sale : 
 Obligations of U.S. government agencies 1,101,997 55.7 1,221,737 56.8 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 229,342 11.6 236,375 11.0 Corporate bonds 5,864 0.3 5,602 0.3 Asset backed securities 363,540 18.3 355,281 16.5 Non-agency mortgage backed 278,527 14.1 333,509 15.4 Total debt securities available for sale 1,979,270 100.0 2,152,504 100.0 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Amortized Cost Amortized Cost Debt securities held to maturity : 
 Obligations of U.S. government and agencies 114,558 97.7 130,823 98.0 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 2,701 2.3 2,671 2.0 Total debt securities held to maturity 117,259 100.0 133,494 100.0 
 Investment securities held to maturity decreased 16.2 million to 117.3 million as of September 30, 2024, as compared to December 31, 2023. This decrease is attributable to calls and principal repayments of 16.0 million, and amortization of net purchase premiums of 0.1 million. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Loans 
 The Company focuses its primary lending activities in six principal areas: commercial real estate loans, consumer loans, commercial and industrial loans, construction loans, agriculture production loans and leases. The interest rates charged for the loans made by the Company vary with the degree of risk, the size and duration of the loans, the borrower s relationship with the Company and prevailing money market rates indicative of the Company s cost of funds. 
 The majority of the Company s loans are direct loans made to individuals, and local or regional businesses which service a variety of industries. The Company relies substantially on local promotional activity and personal contacts by bank officers, directors and employees to compete with other financial institutions. The Company makes loans to borrowers whose applications include a sound purpose, a viable repayment source and a plan of repayment established at inception and generally backed by a secondary source of repayment. 
 The following table shows the Company s loan balances, net of deferred loan costs and discounts, as of the dates indicated: 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Commercial real estate 4,487,524 67.1 4,394,802 64.7 Consumer 1,283,963 19.2 1,313,268 19.3 Commercial and industrial 484,763 7.3 586,455 8.6 Construction 276,095 4.1 347,198 5.1 Agriculture production 144,123 2.2 144,497 2.2 Leases 7,423 0.1 8,250 0.1 Total loans 6,683,891 100.0 6,794,470 100.0 

Nonperforming Assets 
 The following tables set forth the amount of the Company s NPAs as of the dates indicated. Performing nonaccrual loans are loans that may be current for both principal and interest payments, or are less than 90 days past due, but for which payment in full of both principal and interest is not expected, and are not well secured and in the process of collection: 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Performing nonaccrual loans 20,026 25,380 Nonperforming nonaccrual loans 21,525 6,500 Total nonaccrual loans 41,551 31,880 Loans 90 days past due and still accruing 85 11 Total nonperforming loans 41,636 31,891 Foreclosed assets 2,764 2,704 Total nonperforming assets 44,400 34,595 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.45 0.35 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.62 0.47 Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans 297 381 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in nonperforming assets during the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 (in thousands) Balance at June 30, 2024 New NPA / Valuation Adjustments Pay-downs /Sales /Upgrades Charge-offs/ (1) 
 Write-downs 
 Transfers to Foreclosed Assets Balance at September 30, 2024 Commercial real estate: CRE non-owner occupied 4,882 587 (1,846) 3,623 CRE owner occupied 3,426 (148) 3,278 Multifamily 502 502 Farmland 13,071 (104) 12,967 Total commercial real estate loans 21,379 1,089 (2,098) 20,370 Consumer SFR 1-4 1st DT liens 5,189 878 (70) 5,997 SFR HELOCs and junior liens 3,291 1,046 (99) 4,238 Other 72 113 (4) (64) 117 Total consumer loans 8,552 2,037 (173) (64) 10,352 Commercial and industrial 2,623 8,631 (338) (274) 10,642 Construction 63 (4) 59 Agriculture production 157 198 (142) 213 Leases Total nonperforming loans 32,774 11,955 (2,755) (338) 41,636 Foreclosed assets 2,493 665 (394) 2,764 Total nonperforming assets 35,267 12,620 (3,149) (338) 44,400 
 (1) The table above does not include deposit overdraft charge-offs. 
 Nonperforming assets increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 by 9.1 million or 25.9 to 44.4 million compared to 35.3 million at June 30, 2024. The increase in nonperforming assets during the third quarter of 2024 was primarily the result of nonperforming loan pay-downs and upgrades, which totaled 2.8 million during the quarter, as well as 0.3 million in charge-offs. Management is actively engaged in the collection and recovery efforts for all nonperforming assets and believes that the loan loss reserves associated with these loans is sufficient as of September 30, 2024. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in nonperforming assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 (in thousands) Balance at December 31, 2023 New NPA / Valuation Adjustments Pay-downs /Sales /Upgrades Charge-offs/ (1) 
 Write-downs 
 Transfers to Foreclosed Assets Balance at September 30, 2024 Commercial real estate: CRE non-owner occupied 2,024 4,211 (2,612) 3,623 CRE owner occupied 3,994 26 (742) 3,278 Multifamily 502 502 Farmland 14,484 (1,517) 12,967 Total commercial real estate loans 20,502 4,739 (4,871) 20,370 Consumer SFR 1-4 1st DT liens 2,811 3,647 (435) (26) 5,997 SFR HELOCs and junior liens 3,571 1,802 (1,095) (40) 4,238 Other 105 308 (35) (261) 117 Total consumer loans 6,487 5,757 (1,565) (327) 10,352 Commercial and industrial 2,513 10,607 (1,204) (1,274) 10,642 Construction 67 9 (5) (12) 59 Agriculture production 2,321 217 (875) (1,450) 213 Leases Total nonperforming loans 31,890 21,329 (8,520) (3,051) (12) 41,636 Foreclosed assets 2,705 442 (395) 12 2,764 Total nonperforming assets 34,595 21,771 (8,915) (3,051) 44,400 
 (1) The table above does not include deposit overdraft charge-offs. 
 Nonperforming assets increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 by 9.8 million or 28.3 to 44.4 million compared to 34.6 million at December 31, 2023. The increase in nonperforming assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily the result of nonperforming loan increases/down-grades, which totaled 21.3 million. Management is actively engaged in the collection and recovery efforts for all nonperforming assets and believes that the loan loss reserves associated with these loans is sufficient as of September 30, 2024. 
 Loan charge-offs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded 0.4 million in loan charge-offs and 0.1 million in deposit overdraft charge-offs less 0.3 million in loan recoveries and 0.02 million in deposit overdraft recoveries, which collectively resulted in 0.1 million in net charge-offs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 3.3 million in loan charge-offs and 0.2 million in deposit overdraft charge-offs less 0.9 million in loan recoveries and 0.1 million in deposit overdraft recoveries, which collectively resulted in 3.0 million in net charge-offs. 
 
 The Components of the Allowance for Credit Losses for Loans 
 The following table sets forth the allowance for credit losses for loans as of the dates indicated: (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Allowance for credit losses: Qualitative and forecast factor allowance 85,518 84,291 80,923 Cohort model allowance reserves 33,514 34,139 33,325 Allowance for individually evaluated loans 4,728 3,092 1,564 Total allowance for credit losses 123,760 121,522 115,812 Allowance for credit losses for loans / total loans 1.85 1.79 1.73 
 For additional information regarding the allowance for loan losses, including changes in specific, formula, and environmental factors allowance categories, see Asset Quality and Loan Loss Provisioning at Results of Operations , above. Based on the current conditions of the loan portfolio, management believes that the 123.8 million allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2024 is adequate to absorb probable losses inherent in the Bank s loan portfolio. No assurance can be given, however, that adverse economic conditions or other circumstances will not result in increased losses in the portfolio. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the allocation of the allowance for credit losses between loan types and by percentage of the total allowance for credit losses on loans as of the dates indicated: 
 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Commercial real estate 71,339 57.6 68,864 56.7 66,675 57.6 Consumer 27,504 22.2 27,453 22.6 26,618 23.0 Commercial and industrial 14,453 11.7 12,750 10.5 12,290 10.6 Construction 7,119 5.8 8,856 7.3 8,097 7.0 Agriculture production 3,312 2.7 3,589 2.9 2,125 1.8 Leases 33 0.0 10 0.0 7 0.0 Total allowance for credit losses 123,760 100.0 121,522 100.0 115,812 100.0 
 The following table summarizes the allocation of the allowance for credit losses as a percentage of the total loans for each loan category as of the dates indicated: 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Commercial real estate 1.59 1.57 1.53 Consumer 2.14 2.09 2.07 Commercial and industrial 2.98 2.17 2.05 Construction 2.58 2.55 2.52 Agriculture production 2.30 2.48 1.72 Leases 0.44 0.12 0.09 Total loans 1.85 1.79 1.73 

57 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the activity in the allowance for credit losses for the periods indicated: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Allowance for credit losses: Balance at beginning of period 123,517 117,329 121,522 105,680 Provision for credit losses 320 3,120 4,670 16,415 Loans charged-off: Commercial real estate: CRE non-owner occupied CRE owner occupied (3,608) (3,608) Multifamily Farmland Consumer: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens (26) SFR HELOCs and junior liens (41) (42) Other (170) (133) (538) (438) Commercial and industrial (274) (1,616) (1,274) (3,303) Construction Agriculture production (1,450) Leases Total loans charged-off (444) (5,357) (3,329) (7,391) Recoveries of previously charged-off loans: 
 Commercial real estate: CRE non-owner occupied CRE owner occupied 1 2 1 Multifamily Farmland Consumer: SFR 1-4 1st DT liens 262 262 SFR HELOCs and junior liens 196 314 296 416 Other 63 52 184 129 Commercial and industrial 106 91 389 267 Construction Agriculture production 1 1 26 33 Leases Total recoveries of previously charged-off loans 367 720 897 1,108 Net charge-offs (77) (4,637) (2,432) (6,283) Balance at end of period 123,760 115,812 123,760 115,812 Average total loans 6,690,326 6,597,400 6,755,916 6,493,585 Ratios (annualized): Net (charge-offs) recoveries during period to average loans outstanding during period (0.28) (0.05) (0.13) Provision for credit losses to average loans outstanding during period 0.02 0.19 0.09 0.34 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Foreclosed Assets, Net of Allowance for Losses 
 The following table details the components and summarize the activity in foreclosed assets, net of allowances for losses, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: (in thousands) Balance at December 31, 2023 Sales Valuation Adjustments Transfers from Loans Balance at September 30, 2024 Land construction 154 12 39 205 Residential real estate 1,673 446 (262) 1,857 Commercial real estate 878 218 (394) 702 Total foreclosed assets 2,705 458 (5) (394) 2,764 
 
 Deposits 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s deposits increased by 203.1 million to 8.0 billion at quarter end. There were no brokered deposits included in the deposit balances as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Estimated uninsured deposits totaled 2.5 billion and 2.4 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 See Note 9 to the condensed consolidated financial statements at Item 1 of Part I of this report for information about the Company s commitments and contingencies including off-balance-sheet arrangements. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 The current and projected capital position of the Company and the impact of capital plans and long-term strategies are reviewed regularly by Management. 
 On February 25, 2021 the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 2,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock (the 2021 Repurchase Plan), which approximated 6.7 of the shares outstanding as of the approval date. The actual timing of any share repurchases will be determined by the Company's management and therefore the total value of the shares to be purchased under the 2021 Repurchase Plan is subject to change. The Company may repurchase its outstanding shares of common stock from time to time in open market or privately-negotiated transactions, including block trades, or pursuant to 10b5-1 trading plans. The 2021 Repurchase Plan has no expiration date (in accordance with applicable laws and regulations). 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased zero and 344,324 shares with market values of 0.0 million and 12.5 million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased zero and 150,000 shares with market values of zero and 7.0 million, respectively. In addition, the Company s Tier 1 common equity and tangible capital ratios increased to 13.1 and 9.7 , respectively as of September 30, 2024, compared to 12.2 and 8.8 , respectively, as of December 31, 2023. 
 Total shareholders' equity increased by 64.0 million during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as net income of 29.1 million and a 44.5 million decrease in accumulated other comprehensive losses was partially offset by cash dividend payments on common stock of approximately 10.9 million. As a result, the Company s book value grew to 37.55 per share at September 30, 2024, compared to 32.18 at September 30, 2023. The Company s tangible book value per share, a non-GAAP measure, calculated by subtracting goodwill and other intangible assets from total shareholders equity and dividing that sum by total shares outstanding, was 28.09 per share at September 30, 2024, as compared to 22.67 at September 30, 2023. As noted previously, changes in the fair value of available-for-sale investment securities, net of deferred taxes continue to create moderate levels of volatility in tangible book value per share. 
 Current Year Balance Sheet Change 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Ratio Minimum Regulatory Requirement Ratio Minimum Regulatory Requirement Total risk based capital 15.6 10.5 14.7 10.5 Tier I capital 13.8 8.5 12.9 8.5 Common equity Tier 1 capital 13.1 7.0 12.2 7.0 Leverage 11.6 4.0 10.7 4.0 
 See Note 10 and Note 16 to the condensed consolidated financial statements at Item 1 of Part I of this report for additional information about the Company s capital resources. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

As of September 30, 2024, we had an effective shelf registration statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission that allows us to issue various types of debt securities, as well as common stock, preferred stock, warrants, depository shares representing fractional interest in shares of preferred stock, purchase contracts and units from time to time in one or more offerings. Each issuance under the shelf registration statement will require the filing of a prospectus supplement identifying the amount and terms of the securities to be issued. The registration statement does not limit the amount of securities that may be issued thereunder. Our ability to issue securities is subject to market conditions and other factors including, in the case of our debt securities, our credit ratings and compliance with current and prospective covenants in credit agreements. 
 
 Liquidity 
 The Company's primary sources of liquidity include the following for the periods indicated: 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Borrowing capacity at correspondent banks and FRB 2,757,640 2,921,525 Less: borrowings outstanding (250,000) (600,000) Unpledged available-for-sale investment securities 
 1,312,745 1,558,506 Cash held or in transit with FRB 
 274,908 51,253 Total primary liquidity 4,095,293 3,931,284 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company's primary sources of liquidity represented 51 of total deposits and 163 of estimated total uninsured (excluding collateralized municipal deposits and intercompany balances) deposits, respectively. As secondary sources of liquidity, the Company's held-to-maturity investment securities had a fair value of 112.0 million, including approximately 5.3 million in net unrealized losses. 
 The Company s profitability during the first nine months of 2024 generated cash flows from operations of 85.5 million compared to 102.4 million during the first nine months of 2023. Net cash from investing activities was 345.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash from investing activities of 13.6 million during the nine months ending 2023. Financing activities used 209.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 84.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The changes in contractual obligations of the Company and Bank, to include but not limited to term subordinated debt, operating leases, deferred compensation and supplemental retirement plans as well as off-balance sheet commitments such as unfunded loans and letters of credit, are consistent with similar balances or totals as of December 31, 2023. 
 The Company is dependent upon the payment of cash dividends by the Bank to service its commitments, which have historically included dividends to shareholders, scheduled debt service payments, and general operations. Shareholder dividends are expected to continue subject to the Board s discretion and management's continuing evaluation of capital levels, earnings, asset quality and other factors. The Company expects that the cash dividends paid by the Bank to the Company will be sufficient to cover the Company's cash flow needs. However, the Company and its ability to generate liquidity through either the issuance of stock or debt, also serves as a potential source of strength for the Bank. Dividends paid by the Company to holders of its common stock used 32.8 million and 29.9 million of cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company s liquidity is dependent on dividends received from the Bank. Dividends from the Bank are subject to certain regulatory restrictions. 

60 

Table of Contents 

 TRICO BANCSHARES NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 (Unaudited. Dollars in thousands) 
 
 In addition to results presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP), this filing contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Management has presented these non-GAAP financial measures in this filing because it believes that they provide useful and comparative information to assess trends in the Company's core operations reflected in the current quarter's results, and facilitate the comparison of our performance with the performance of our peers. However, these non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and are not a substitute for any analysis based on GAAP. Where applicable, comparable earnings information using GAAP financial measures is also presented. Because not all companies use the same calculations, our presentation may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures as calculated by other companies. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures, see the tables below: 
 
 Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net interest margin Acquired loans discount accretion, net: Amount (included in interest income) 1,018 1,324 3,200 4,192 Effect on average loan yield 0.06 0.08 0.06 0.09 Effect on net interest margin (FTE) 0.05 0.06 0.05 0.06 Net interest margin (FTE) 3.71 3.88 3.69 4.01 Net interest margin less effect of acquired loan discount accretion (Non-GAAP) 3.66 3.82 3.64 3.95 

Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Pre-tax pre-provision return on average assets or equity Net income (GAAP) 29,051 30,590 85,834 91,315 Exclude provision for income taxes 10,348 11,484 30,382 33,190 Exclude provision for credit losses 220 4,155 4,930 18,000 Net income before income tax and provision expense (Non-GAAP) 39,619 46,229 121,146 142,505 Average assets (GAAP) 9,666,979 9,874,240 9,767,965 9,867,099 Average equity (GAAP) 1,214,510 1,112,404 1,186,245 1,104,122 Return on average assets (GAAP) (annualized) 1.20 1.23 1.17 1.24 Pre-tax pre-provision return on average assets (Non-GAAP) (annualized) 1.63 1.86 1.66 1.93 Return on average equity (GAAP) (annualized) 9.52 10.91 9.67 11.06 Pre-tax pre-provision return on average equity (Non-GAAP) (annualized) 12.98 16.49 13.64 17.26 

61 

Table of Contents 

 Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Return on tangible common equity Average total shareholders' equity 1,214,510 1,112,404 1,186,245 1,104,122 Exclude average goodwill 304,442 304,442 304,442 304,442 Exclude average other intangibles 8,093 12,563 9,098 14,219 Average tangible common equity (Non-GAAP) 901,975 795,399 872,705 785,461 Net income (GAAP) 29,051 30,590 85,834 91,315 Exclude amortization of intangible assets, net of tax effect 725 1,120 2,175 3,453 Tangible net income available to common shareholders (Non-GAAP) 29,776 31,710 88,009 94,768 Return on average equity (GAAP) (annualized) 9.52 10.91 9.67 11.06 Return on average tangible common equity (Non-GAAP) 13.13 15.82 13.47 16.13 
 
 As of (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Tangible shareholders' equity to tangible assets Shareholders' equity (GAAP) 1,239,015 1,159,682 Exclude goodwill and other intangible assets, net 311,904 314,994 Tangible shareholders' equity (Non-GAAP) 927,111 844,688 Total assets (GAAP) 9,823,890 9,910,089 Exclude goodwill and other intangible assets, net 311,904 314,994 Total tangible assets (Non-GAAP) 9,511,986 9,595,095 Shareholders' equity to total assets (GAAP) 12.61 11.70 Tangible shareholders' equity to tangible assets (Non-GAAP) 9.75 8.80 
 
 As of (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Tangible common shareholders' equity per share Tangible shareholders' equity (Non-GAAP) 927,111 844,688 Common shares outstanding at end of period 33,000,508 33,268,102 Common shareholders' equity (book value) per share (GAAP) 37.55 34.86 Tangible common shareholders' equity (tangible book value) per share (Non-GAAP) 28.09 25.39 

62 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Based on the changes in interest rates as well as the mix shift of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities occurring subsequent to December 31, 2023, the following update of the Company s assessment of market risk as of September 30, 2024 is being provided. These updates and changes should be read in conjunction with the additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company's loan portfolio consisted of approximately 6.7 billion in outstanding principal with a weighted average coupon rate of 5.49 . During the three-month periods ending September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, the weighted average coupon on loan production in the quarter was 7.63 , 7.98 and 7.31 , respectively. Included in the September 30, 2024, total loans are adjustable rate loans totaling 4.2 billion, of which, 891.6 million are considered floating based on the Wall Street Prime index. In addition, the Company holds certain investment securities with fair values totaling 371.1 million which are subject to repricing on not less than a quarterly basis. 
 Management funds the acquisition of nearly all of its earning assets through its core deposit gathering activities. As of September 30, 2024, non-interest bearing deposits represented 31.7 of total deposits. Further, during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the cost of interest bearing deposits were 2.23 and the cost of total deposits were 1.52 . With the intent of stabilizing or increasing net interest income, management intends to continue to deploy its excess liquidity and/or seek to migrate certain earning assets into higher yielding categories. However, in situations where deposit balances contract, management may rely upon various borrowing facilities or the use of brokered deposits. Through the third quarter of 2024 and during the entire 2023 year, management did not utilize any brokered deposits. Management did however utilize borrowing lines from the FHLB, both overnight and term structured up to 12 months, due to expectations that such borrowings will be needed through the remainder of the year and into 2025 to support earning asset strategies. 
 As of September 30, 2024 the overnight Federal funds effective rate, the rate primarily used in these interest rate shock scenarios, was 4.83 . These scenarios assume that 1) interest rates increase or decrease evenly (in a ramp fashion) over a twelve-month period and remain at the new levels beyond twelve months or 2) that interest rates change instantaneously shock ). The simulation results shown below assume no changes in the structure of the Company s balance sheet over the twelve months being measured. 
 
 The following table summarizes the estimated effect on net interest income and market value of equity to changing interest rates as measured against a flat rate (no interest rate change) instantaneous parallel shock scenario over a twelve month period utilizing a interest sensitivity (GAP) analysis based on the Company's specific mix of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities as of September 30, 2024. 
 Interest Rate Risk Simulations: Change in Interest Rates (Basis Points) Estimated Change in Net Interest Income (NII) (as of NII) Estimated Change in Market Value of Equity (MVE) (as of MVE) +300 (shock) (7.4) (5.6) +200 (shock) (5.0) (3.7) +100 (shock) (2.4) (0.8) + 0 (flat) -100 (shock) 0.2 (2.8) -200 (shock) 0.1 (9.6) -300 (shock) 1.5 (20.8) 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are controls and procedures designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis. Disclosure controls are also designed to reasonably assure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, there were no changes in our internal controls or in other factors that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 Due to the nature of our business, we are involved in legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. While the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable, we do not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 
 In evaluating an investment in the Company's common stock, investors should consider carefully, among other things, the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024, and in the information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our other reports and registration statements. 
 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The following table shows the repurchases made by the Company or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) during the periods indicated: Period (a) Total number of 
 shares purchased (1) 
 (b) Average price paid per share (c) Total number of shares purchased as of part of publicly announced plans or programs (d) Maximum number 
 of shares that may 
 yet be purchased under 
 the plans or programs at period end (2) 
 July 1-31, 2024 1,551 42.98 865,478 August 1-31, 2024 865,478 September 1-30, 2024 865,478 Total 1,551 42.98 
 (1) Includes shares purchased by the Company s Employee Stock Ownership Plan in open market purchases and shares tendered by employees pursuant to various other equity incentive plans. See Notes 10 and 11 to the condensed consolidated financial statements at Item 1 of Part I of this report, for a discussion of the Company s stock repurchased under equity compensation plans. 
 (2) Does not include shares that may be purchased by the Company s Employee Stock Ownership Plan and pursuant to various other equity incentive plans. See Note 11 to the condensed consolidated financial statements at Item 1 of Part I of this report, for a discussion of the Company s stock repurchase plan. 

Item 5 Other Information 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 
 
 (a) TriCo Bancshares (the Company adopted a form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the RSU Agreement and a form of Performance Award Agreement (the PSU Agreement to be used to document grants of awards to executives made under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan during 2024. The agreements were signed by the executives on November 6, 2024. 
 
 The RSU Agreement provides that awards of restricted stock units RSUs vest in three equal annual installments. RSUs vest automatically upon a recipient s employment termination due to death or disability. 
 
 The PSU Agreement provides that performance stock units PSUs vest in a single tranche three years after the grant date. The number of PSUs earned upon vesting depends on the total shareholder return for the Company s common stock relative to the KBW Nasdaq Regional Banking Index over a three-year performance period beginning on the date of grant. The actual number of shares earned on vesting ranges from 0 to 150 of the target number granted, depending on the performance of the Company s common stock compared to the index over the performance period. Upon a recipient s employment termination due to death or disability, the final day of the performance period will be adjusted to be the executive s termination date and a pro rata portion of the PSUs will vest based on the portion of the original three-year performance period elapsed. In the event of a change of control, the performance period will be adjusted to end the day immediately prior to the change of control and a pro rata portion of the PSUs will vest based on the portion of the original three-year performance period elapsed, provided that if the recipient is terminated within 12 months of the date of the change of control, the recipient shall instead be entitled to 100 of the number of PSU determined as of the end of the adjusted performance period. 
 
 The RSU Agreement and PSU Agreement further provide that if an executive recipient having at least six full years of service with the Company retires from employment at age 62 or greater, a percentage of the outstanding and unvested equity awards granted by the Company pursuant to these agreements will continue to vest following retirement, subject to certain conditions, including that (1) the participant provides at least 9 months written notice of their intent to retire, (2) the Company determines that the continued vesting is appropriate, based on the recipient s performance and (3) the recipient executes of a release of claims in favor of the Company. The percentage of the awards entitled to post-retirement vesting is based on the number of full years of service with the Company that participant has completed at retirement and ranges from 20 (with six full years of service) to 100 (with 10 or more full years of service), 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 provided that if the Company s pre-tax, pre-provision income is negative for any of the four quarters immediately preceding the participant s retirement, the number of awards entitled to post-retirement vesting will be reduced by 25 . 
 
 This summary of the RSU Agreement and the PSU Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the forms such agreements filed as exhibits to this report. Form of these agreements are included as exhibits 10.2 and 10.4 to this Form 10-Q. 
 
 (b) N/A 
 
 (c) During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, (in each case, as defined in item 408 of Regulation S-K) for the purchase or sale of the Company's common stock. 
 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Exhibit 10.1 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Grant Notice for Non-Executives pursuant to TriCo s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 10.2 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Grant Notice for Executives pursuant to TriCo s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 10.3 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement and Grant Notice for Non-Executives pursuant to TriCo s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 10.4 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement and Grant Notice for Executives pursuant to TriCo s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of CEO 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of CFO 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of CEO 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of CFO 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. TRICO BANCSHARES (Registrant) Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Peter G. Wiese Peter G. Wiese Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Duly authorized officer and principal financial and chief accounting officer) 
 
 66 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 a101-2024nonexecrsuawardgr.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

 TRICO BANCSHARES 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE 

TriCo Bancshares, a California corporation (the Company ), pursuant to its 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants to the holder listed below (the Participant or you ), a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Award ). The Award is comprised of restricted stock units (the Units or RSUs ), each of which is a right to receive one (1) share of Common Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement attached hereto (including Appendix A , the Award Agreement and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Grant Notice and the Award Agreement. 
 
 Participant insert name 
 Grant Date March 1, 2024 
 Number of Units Shares Subject to Award 

Vesting Schedule 
 The Award will vest in three (3) equal annual installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the Grant Date (such period, Vesting Period subject to the Participant s Continuous Service following the Grant Date through each applicable vesting date, or as otherwise provided herein. 
 For vesting dates that fall on weekends and holidays, this date will be the next business day following such date. 
 Vesting Date 1 3 of the RSUs (to the extent vested) shall be paid out on the first anniversary of the of the Grant Date. 
 1 3 of the RSUs (to the extent vested) shall be paid on the second anniversary of the of the Grant Date. 
 1 3 of the RSUs (to the extent vested) shall be paid out on the third anniversary of the of the Grant Date. 

By signing below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Award Agreement and the Grant Notice. The Participant has reviewed and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, the Award Agreement (including Appendix A), and the Grant Notice in their entirety and has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing below. The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan, the Award Agreement, the Grant Notice or relating to the Units. 
 TRICO BANCSHARES PARTICIPANT By 
 By 
 Name Richard P. Smith 
 Print Name 
 Title President & CEO 
 
 Address 63 Constitution Drive 
 Address 
 Chico, CA 95973 

2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 

ATTACHMENTS Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. A copy of the TriCo Bancshares 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and the prospectus for the Plan prepared in connection with the registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Award are available on the Human Resources section of the Company s intranet or upon request to Human Resources. 

2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 2 

2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 3 

TriCo Bancshares 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice Grant Notice and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (including Appendix A , the Award Agreement ), TriCo Bancshares (the Company has awarded you a Restricted Stock Unit Award under its 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, (the Plan for the number of RSUs specified in the Grant Notice (collectively, the Award ). Except where indicated otherwise, defined terms not explicitly defined in this Award Agreement but defined in the Plan or Grant Notice shall have the same definitions as in the Plan or Grant Notice. You agree that any shares of Common Stock issued with respect to the Award are subject to the minimum holding requirements described in Section 10(f) of the Plan. 
 The details of your Award are as follows 
 1. Number of Restricted Stock Units and Shares of Common Stock . The number of RSUs subject to your Award is set forth in the Grant Notice. Each RSU shall represent the right to receive one (1) share of Common Stock. The number of RSUs will increase by any dividend equivalents, as described in Section 3 below. The number of RSUs subject to your Award and the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable with respect to such RSUs may be adjusted from time to time for capitalization adjustments as described in Section 11(a) of the Plan. 
 
 2. Vesting . 
 
 (a) Normal Vesting . Except as otherwise provided by this Award Agreement, Units shall vest and become Vested Units as provided in the Grant Notice. 
 
 (b) Death Disability . If you die or become Permanently Disabled (as defined below) while you are eligible to vest in RSUs under this Award, the RSUs will immediately vest and, if you die, will be distributed in shares of Common Stock (after applicable tax withholding, if any) to your designated beneficiary on file with the Company s stock administration department or Human Resources, or if no beneficiary has been designated or survives you or if beneficiary designation is not recognized by local legislation, then to your estate (in the case of death) or to you (in the case of Permanent Disability). Any shares of Common Stock will be distributed no later than the end of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year which contains your date of death or Permanent Disability however, with respect to shares of Common Stock issued due to death, our administrative practice is to register such shares of Common Stock in the name of your beneficiary or estate within 60 days of the Company s receipt of any required documentation. 
 
 (i) Permanently Disabled means your permanent disability as such term is defined in the long-term disability insurance provided by the Company, or if such insurance is not provided by Company, the term shall mean that you have 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 4 

has been deemed by a medical care provider to indefinitely be unable to perform the essential functions of your position with the Company with or without reasonable accommodation, such event satisfies the requirements of you becoming disabled under Code Section 409 and you have satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 
 (ii) Release Certification . You shall meet the Release Certification requirements, if (i) within 55 days following your Termination of Continuous Service because you are Permanently Disabled, you execute and deliver a general release of claims in favor of the Company, having such form and terms as the Company shall specify, and such release becomes irrevocable, and (ii) in all cases, you have complied with all other terms of the Award Agreement. 
 
 (c) Continued Vesting on Retirement Full Career Eligibility . In the event and for so long as you meet the Retirement Full Career Eligibility Requirements described in Appendix A hereto at the time of your Termination of Continuous Service then, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement (including, but not limited to, Section 12 - Right to Set Off and Section 20 - Clawback in this Award Agreement and the sections entitled Your Obligations and Additional Conditions Precedent in Appendix A ), you will be eligible to continue to vest (as you otherwise would vest had you remain employed by the Company and or an Affiliate through the applicable Vesting Date) with respect to this Award following your Termination of Continuous Service due to your qualifying Retirement Full Career Eligibility. 
 
 (d) No Vesting on Termination of Continuous Service . In the event of the Participant s Termination of Continuous Service for any reason prior to the Vesting Date, with or without Cause, other than as described in Sections 2(b) or 2(c), or as determined by the Company under Section 11 of the Plan, and to the extent any Units otherwise remain unvested upon the Participant s Termination of Continuous Service, the Participant shall forfeit and the Company shall automatically reacquire all Units which are not, as of the time of such termination, Vested Units, and the Participant shall not be entitled to any payment with respect to the shares of Common Stock or other consideration therefor. 
 
 3. Dividends . If the Company pays dividends with respect to the Common Stock (the date of any such payment is a Dividend Date ), then Dividend equivalents shall then be credited to any then outstanding RSU. The amount of such dividend equivalent credit will be equal to the dollar value of dividends paid on an actual share of Common Stock on the Dividend Date, multiplied by the number of outstanding RSUs held by you pursuant to this Award as of the Dividend Date. This aggregate dollar amount will then be divided by the Fair Market Value on the Dividend Date of a share of Common Stock, and the resulting quotient shall be the number of additional RSUs Additional RSUs that will be credited to this Award. Such Additional RSUs will be subject to the Plan and the same vesting (on a pro-rata basis based on each vesting tranche of RSUs outstanding hereunder on the Dividend Date), forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and settlement provisions as apply to the RSUs that are the subject of this Award and for avoidance of doubt Additional RSUs will also be eligible to accrue future dividend equivalents. 
 
 4. No Ownership Rights Rights as a Shareholder Other Restrictions . You shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock which may be 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 5 

issued in settlement of this Award until the date of the issuance of such share of Common Stock under the terms of this Award Agreement (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment shall be made for dividends, dividend equivalents, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 1. 
 
 You also acknowledge that should there be a determination that the cancellation provisions of this award apply during the period when the vesting of any outstanding RSUs has been suspended, then you agree that such RSUs may be cancelled in whole or part. (See Section 12 Right to Set Off and Section 20 - Clawback in this Award Agreement and the section entitled Additional Conditions Precedent in Appendix A , as well as Section 24 - Amendment permitting suspension of vesting.) 
 
 With respect to any applicable vesting date, the Company may impose for any reason, as of such vesting date for such period as it may specify in its sole discretion, such restrictions on the Common Stock to be issued to you as it may deem appropriate, including, but not limited to, restricting the sale, transfer, pledging, assignment, hedging or encumbrance of such shares of Common Stock. Such restrictions described in the last sentence shall not impact your right to vote or receive dividends with respect to the Common Stock. By accepting this Award, you acknowledge that during such specified period should there be a determination that the recovery provisions of this award apply, then you agree that you may be required to pay the Company up to an amount equal to the fair market value (determined as of the applicable vesting date) of the gross number of shares subject to such restrictions (notwithstanding the limitation set forth in the Section 12 - Right to Set Off). (See Section 20 - Clawback in this Award Agreement and the section Additional Conditions Precedent in Appendix A .) 
 
 5. Payment . Subject to Section 11 below, you will not be required to make any payment to the Company with respect to your receipt of the Award, vesting of the RSUs, or the delivery of the shares of Common Stock subject to the RSUs. 
 
 6. Delivery of Shares . Subject to Sections 7 and 11 below, the Company will issue you one share of Common Stock for each RSU which vests under this Award Agreement, on the applicable vesting date or as soon as practicable thereafter, but not later than thirty (30) days from the Vesting Dates (the actual date of such issuance during such period shall be solely determined by the Company). The form of delivery (e.g., a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares of Common Stock) shall be determined by the Company. You hereby authorize the Company, in its sole discretion, to deposit for your benefit with a Company-designated brokerage firm or, at the Company s discretion, any other broker with which you have an account relationship of which the Company has notice any or all shares of Common Stock acquired by you pursuant to the settlement of the Award. Except as provided by the preceding sentence, a certificate for the shares of Common Stock as to which the Award is settled shall be registered in your name, or, if applicable, in the names of your heirs. 
 
 7. Restrictions on Grant of the Award and Issuance of Shares . The grant of the Award and issuance of shares of Common Stock upon settlement of the Award shall be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of U.S. federal or state law with respect to such 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 6 

securities. No shares of Common Stock may be issued hereunder if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock would constitute a violation of any applicable U.S. federal or state securities laws or other laws or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Common Stock may then be listed. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company s legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance of any shares of Common Stock subject to the Award shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue such shares of Common Stock as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained. As a condition to the settlement of the Award, the Company may require you to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect thereto as may be requested by the Company. Further, regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any State, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the shares of Common Stock (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any State, or any other law. 
 
 8. Transfer Restrictions . Prior to the time that the shares of Common Stock subject to your Award have been delivered to you, you may not transfer, pledge, sell or otherwise dispose of such shares of Common Stock or of the RSUs. For example, you may not use shares of Common Stock that may be issued in respect of your RSUs as security for a loan, nor may you transfer, pledge, sell or otherwise dispose of such shares of Common Stock. This restriction on transfer will lapse upon delivery to you of shares of Common Stock in respect of your vested RSUs. Your Award is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Company, you may designate a third party who, in the event of your death, shall thereafter be entitled to receive any distribution of shares of Common Stock in respect of vested RSUs pursuant to this Award Agreement. 
 
 9. Award Not a Service Contract . Your Award is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your Award shall be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the service of the Company or any Affiliate, or on the part of the Company or any Affiliate to continue such service. In addition, nothing in your Award shall obligate the Company or any Affiliate, their respective shareholders, boards of directors or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as an Employee or Consultant of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 
 10. Unsecured Obligation . Your Award is unfunded, and even as a holder of vested RSUs, you shall be considered an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company s obligation, if any, to issue shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Award Agreement. Nothing contained in this Award Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person. 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 7 

11. Withholding of Taxes . At the time the Grant Notice is executed, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for, any sums required to satisfy the U.S. federal, state, and local taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising as a result of your participation in the Plan (referred to herein as Tax-Related Items ). The Company or any Affiliate, as appropriate, shall have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require you to remit an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable Tax-Related Items or to take such other action as may be reasonably necessary to satisfy such Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize the Company and any Affiliate, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following 
 
 (a) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you or 
 (b) withholding from proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting and settlement of the RSUs, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) or 
 (c) withholding in shares of Common Stock to be issued upon vesting and settlement of the RSUs or 
 (d) direct payment from you. 
 The Company does not have any duty or obligation to minimize your liability for Tax-Related Items arising from the Award, and, will not be liable to you for any Tax-Related Items arising in connection with the Award. Finally, you shall pay any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or any Affiliate may be required to withhold as a result of his or her participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the shares of Common Stock that may be issued in connection with the settlement of the RSUs if you fail to comply with your Tax-Related Items obligations. 
 You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATION ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE UNITS. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
 12. Right to Set Off. Although the Company expects to settle this award in share(s) of Common Stock as of the applicable vesting date, as set forth in your Award Agreement, the Company may, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law (including Section 409A of the Code to the extent it is applicable to you), retain for itself funds or the shares of Common Stock resulting from any vesting of this award to satisfy any obligation or debt that you owe to the Company and or an Affiliate. Notwithstanding any bank account agreement with the 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 8 

Company and or an Affiliate to the contrary, the Company will not recoup or recover any amount owed from any funds or unrestricted securities held in your name and maintained at the Company and or Affiliate pursuant to such bank account agreement to satisfy any obligation or debt owed by you under this award without your consent. This restriction on the Company does not apply to accounts described and authorized in Section 6 Delivery of Shares described above. 
 
 13. Notices. Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Participant shall be in writing and addressed to the Participant at the address maintained for the Participant in the Company s records or at the address of the local office of the Company or Affiliate at which the Participant works. 
 
 14. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) The rights and obligations of the Company with respect to your Award shall be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns. 
 (b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award. 
 (c) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Award Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company. 
 (d) The Participant s rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with the Units are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit the Participant to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting the Units, the Participant expressly acknowledges that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Units or other Awards to the Participant. The Units are not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of the Participant s normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of the Participant s salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
 15. Headings . The headings of the Sections and subsections in this Award Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part of this Award Agreement or to affect the meaning of this Award Agreement. 
 
 16. Severability . If all or any part of this Award Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Award Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 9 

or invalid. Any Section of this Award Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 17. Compliance with Code Section 409A . 
 
 (a) It is intended that the RSUs granted hereunder be exempt from or comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A, so that none of the RSUs, or the resulting shares of Common Stock or compensation, if any, shall be subject to the additional tax imposed by Section 409A. The vesting and settlement of such RSUs are intended to qualify for the short-term deferral exemption from Code Section 409A. Each installment of RSUs that vests is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). As such, each eligible vested RSU shall be settled, per the terms of the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Award Agreement, within the short-term deferral period, as defined in Code Section 409A, the applicable Treasury Regulations and related guidance issued thereunder. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, this Award Agreement, or the Grant Notice 
 (i) The Plan, this Award Agreement and the Grant Notice shall be interpreted in accordance with, and incorporate the terms and conditions required by, Code Section 409A and any Department of Treasury regulations and other applicable guidance issued thereunder (including any regulations or guidance that may be issued after the date hereof), and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted to so comply. 
 (ii) The Company reserves the right, to the extent the Company deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally amend or modify the Plan and or this Award Agreement to ensure that the RSUs qualify for exemption from, comply with or otherwise avoid the imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Code Section 409A provided , however , that the Company makes no representations that the RSUs will be exempt from Code Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Code Section 409A from applying to the RSUs. 
 (b) Separation from Service Required Delay in Payment to Specified Employee. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, no amount payable pursuant to this Award Agreement on account of your termination of Service which constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A shall be paid unless and until you have incurred a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Furthermore, to the extent that you are a Specified Employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A as of the date of your separation from service, no amount that constitutes a deferral of compensation which is payable on account of your separation from service that would result in the imposition of additional tax under Code Section 409A if issued to you on or within the six (6) month period following your termination of an employment shall be paid to you before the date (the Delayed Payment Date which is the first day of the seventh month after the date of your separation from service or, if earlier, ten (10) days following the date of your death following such separation from service. All such amounts that would, but for this Section, become payable prior to the Delayed Payment Date will be accumulated and paid on the Delayed Payment Date. 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 10 

18. Restrictions on Contracts and Payments for Insured Depository Institutions in Troubled Status . The parties acknowledge and agree that the restrictions contained in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, Section 18(k) 12 U.S.C. 1828(k) , relating to contracts for and payment of executive compensation and benefits by insured depository institutions in troubled condition could apply in the future. In the event that any such restrictions or any contractual arrangement with or required by a regulatory authority require the Company to seek or demand repayment or return of any payments made to you under this Award Agreement and the Plan for any reason, you agree to repay to the Company the aggregate amount of such payments no later than thirty (30) days following your receipt of a written notice from the Company indicating that payments received by you under this Award Agreement and the Plan are subject to recapture or clawback. 
 
 19. Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information . You hereby authorize and direct the Company to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the Data ), the nature and amount of your compensation and the fact and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number, salary, job title, number of shares held and the details of all RSUs or any other entitlement to shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any Affiliate, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a brokerage firm or other third party assisting with administration of the Award or with whom shares acquired upon settlement of this Award or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. Furthermore, Participant acknowledges and understands that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any Affiliate, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. You may at any time withdraw the consents herein, by contacting the Company s stock administration department in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to realize benefits from the Award, and your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 20. Clawback. In consideration of the grant of this Award, you agree that this Award is subject to any clawback under Section 15 of the Plan and the Company s Compensation Clawback Policy (or any successor policy, the Policy adopted by the Board and in effect from time to time, as permitted by law. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these terms and conditions in any way limits the rights of the Company and or an Affiliate under the Policy. 
 
 21. Counterparts . The Grant Notice may be executed in counterparts, including execution by facsimile, pdf or other electronic transmission, which, when taken together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 22. Administration . The Committee shall have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee or the Board in good faith shall be final and binding upon you, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Committee or the Board shall be personally liable for any action, 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 11 

determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan, this Award Agreement or the Units. 
 
 1. Governing Law . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. without regard to the conflict-of-laws rules thereof or of any other jurisdiction. 
 
 24. Amendment. The Committee or its nominee reserves the right to amend this Award Agreement in any manner, at any time and for any reason provided, however, that no such amendment shall materially adversely affect your rights under this Award Agreement without your consent except to the extent that the Committee or its delegate considers advisable to (i) comply with applicable laws or changes in or interpretation of applicable laws, regulatory requirements and accounting rules or standards and or (ii) make a change in a scheduled vesting date or impose the restrictions described above under Section 4 - No Ownership Rights Rights as Shareholder Other Restrictions, in either case, to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code if it is applicable to you. This Award Agreement may not be amended except in writing signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chair of the Committee of the Company. 
 
 25. Internal Revenue Code Section 280G. Notwithstanding any provision of this Award Agreement to the contrary, in the event of a change in control and the Award is accelerated, and it would be more likely than not that all or a portion of any benefit payment under this Award Agreement, alone or together with any other compensation or benefit payable to Participant, will be a non-deductible expense to the Company by reason of Code Section 280G, the Company shall reduce, but not less than zero, the benefits payable under this Award Agreement or the Plan as necessary to avoid the application of Section 280G. 
 
 26. Governing Plan Documents . The Grant Notice, this Award Agreement, and the RSUs evidenced hereby (i) are made and granted pursuant to the Plan and are in all respects limited by and subject to the terms of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan, and (ii) constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company on the subject matter hereof and supersede all proposals, written or oral, and all other communications between the parties related to the subject matter. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of your Award and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 12 

Appendix A to Restricted Stock Agreement 
 
 Termination of Employment 
 Except as explicitly set forth under Section 2 - Vesting of the Award Agreement and this Appendix A , any unvested RSUs outstanding under this Award will be cancelled effective on the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason. 
 Subject to these terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, Sections 12 Right to Set Off and 20 - Clawback in the Award Agreement, and the Sections Your Obligations and Additional Conditions Precedent in this Appendix A ), however, a portion of your Award will be eligible to continue vesting as if you were still employed by the Company or an Affiliate though the Vesting Date if the following circumstances apply to you 
 Retirement Full Career Eligibility 
 Your RSUs under this Award may be eligible for continued vesting upon your qualified retirement if the Chief Executive Officer (or, if you are the Chief Executive Officer, the Committee or its nominee) determines, in their sole discretion, that 
 you voluntarily terminated your Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate, and 
 you had completed at least eleven (11) years of Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate immediately preceding your termination date, and 
 your age on your date of termination equaled or exceeded sixty-five (65) and 
 you provided at least nine (9) months advance written notice to the Company of your intention to voluntarily terminate your employment under this provision, during which notice period you provided such services as requested by the Company and or an Affiliate in a cooperative and professional manner and you did not perform any services for any other employer, and 
 continued vesting shall be appropriate, which determination shall be made prior to your termination and will be based on your performance and conduct (before and after providing notice), and 
 you satisfied the Release Confirmation Requirements set forth below. 
 After receipt of such advance written notice, the Company and or an Affiliate may choose to have you continue to provide services during such nine (9) month period as a condition to continued vesting or may, in its sole discretion, elect to shorten the length of the nine (9) month period to a date no earlier than the date you would otherwise meet the age and service requirements. 
 Portion of Your Award Subject to Continued Vesting Following Retirement 
 If you meet the requirements of this Appendix A , the number of RSUs under this Award that will be eligible to continue vesting following the termination of your Continuous Service, if any, will be a percentage of the RSUs that would have vested if your Continuous Service had continued through the Vesting Date (as determined in accordance with the Award Agreement) based on your years of Continuous Service preceding your Termination of Continuous Service, as follows 
 0 if you have at least 10 or less years of Continuous Service, 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 13 

20 if you have at least 11 but less than 12 years of Continuous Service, 
 40 if you have at least 12 but less than 13 years of Continuous Service, 
 60 if you have at least 13 but less than 14 years of Continuous Service, 
 80 if you have at least 14 but less than 15 years of Continuous Service, or 
 100 if you have 15 or more years of Continuous Service. 
 There is no pro rata credit for partial years of Continuous Service. 
 The portion of your Award that is subject to continued vesting upon your qualifying retirement is referred to as the CV Award. Any portion of your Award that does not continue to vest hereunder will, upon the date of your Termination of Continuous Service, be immediately cancelled and forfeited as of such date without any payment or other consideration therefor. 
 So, for example if you had 100 unvested Units and you had 12.5 years of Continuous Service immediately preceding your Termination of Continuous Service, and you complied with the terms of Appendix A , the number of your CV Award would be 40 RSUs (40 of 100 RSUs) , subject to the pro-rata adjustments and the terms set forth in this Appendix A . The remaining 60 RSUs would be immediately forfeited on the date your Continuous Service terminates. 
 Release Confirmation 
 To qualify for continued vesting after your Termination of Continuous Service as described in this Appendix A 
 you must timely execute and deliver a release of claims in favor of the Company and its Affiliates, having such form and terms as the Company shall specify within 30 days of the Termination of your Continuous Service, 
 prior to the Termination of your Continuous Service, you must confirm with management that you meet the eligibility criteria (including providing at least nine (9) months advance written notification), advise that you are seeking to be treated as an individual eligible for Retirement Full Career Eligibility , and receive written consent to such continued vesting, and 
 in all cases, complied with all other terms of the Award Agreement. (See section captioned Your Obligations .) 
 Your Obligations 
 In consideration of the grant of this CV Award , you agree to comply with and be bound by the obligations set forth below next to the subsections captioned --Confidentiality & Non-Solicitation , --False Statements , --Cooperation , --Compliance with Award Agreement and --Notice Period. 
 Confidentiality & Non-Solicitation 
 You will not, either during your Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate or thereafter, directly or indirectly use or disclose to anyone any Confidential Information (as defined herein) related to the Company and or an Affiliate s business or its customers except as explicitly permitted by the TriCo Bancshares Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Policy (as amended or replaced from time to time, the Code of Conduct and applicable policies or law or legal process. Confidential Information includes but is not limited to (i) information received by the Company and or an Affiliate from third parties under confidential conditions (ii) intellectual property and trade 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 14 

secrets, technical, product, business, financial, or development information from the Company and or an Affiliate, the use or disclosure of which reasonably might be construed to be contrary to the interest of the Company and or an Affiliate or (iii) other proprietary information or data, including, but not limited to, customer lists and information. In addition, following your termination of employment, you will not, without prior written authorization, access the Company and or an Affiliate s private and internal information through telephonic, intranet or internet means. 
 If you are required by law or requested to provide information to any private party, including the news media, related to your or anyone else s employment with the Company and or an Affiliate, you will, in advance of providing any response (to the extent lawfully permitted), and within five days of receiving any such legal demand or request, provide written notice to the Company and or an Affiliate. Additionally, you agree to cooperate with the Company and or an Affiliate in connection with the request for such information to the extent lawfully permitted. 
 False Statements 
 You will not, either during your Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate or thereafter, make any untrue statements, such that they are made with knowledge of their falsity or with reckless disregard for their truth or falsity, about the Company and or an Affiliate, its employees, officers, directors or shareholders as a group in verbal, written, electronic or any other form. 
 Cooperation 
 You will cooperate with any Company and or Affiliate investigation, inquiry, or litigation, and provide full and accurate information to the Company and or an Affiliate and its counsel with respect to any matter that relates to issues or events about which you may have knowledge or information, subject to reimbursement for actual, appropriate and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by you. 
 Compliance with Award Agreement 
 You will provide the Company and or an Affiliate with any information reasonably requested to determine compliance with the Award Agreement, and you authorize the Company and or an Affiliate to disclose the terms of the Award Agreement to any third party who might be affected thereby, including your prospective employer. 
 Additional Conditions Precedent 
 Detrimental Conduct, Risk Related and Other Cancellation Recapture 
 In addition to the cancellation provisions described under Sections 12 - Right to Set Off and 20 - Clawback in the Award Agreement, up to 100 of continued vesting of your RSUs under this CV Award is further subject to the condition that neither the Company nor an Affiliate in its sole discretion determines that 
 o Any of the following detrimental and risk-related conduct has occurred 
 you engaged in conduct detrimental to the Company and or an Affiliate insofar as it causes material financial or reputational harm to the Company and or an Affiliate or its business activities, or 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 15 

this CV Award was based on materially inaccurate performance metrics, whether or not you were responsible for the inaccuracy, or 
 this CV Award was based on a material misrepresentation by you, or 
 you improperly or with gross negligence failed to identify, raise or assess, in a timely manner and as reasonably expected, risks and or concerns with respect to risks material to the Company and or an Affiliate or its business activities, or 
 your Continuous Service was terminated for Cause (as defined herein) or, in the case of a determination after the termination of your employment, that your Continuous Service could have been terminated for Cause or 
 o you have failed to comply with any of the advance notice cooperation requirements or employment restrictions applicable to your termination of employment, or 
 o you have failed to sign and return the release described under the section captioned Release Confirmation by the specified deadline, or 
 o you have violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations . 
 
 A termination for cause , as such term may be defined in any written employment, consulting agreement, or change in control agreement (or similar agreement) entered into by and between the Company and you, but for the purpose of this Appendix A also includes your willful, continued and unreasonable failure to perform your duties or obligations under this Award Agreement, or if none, shall mean 
 (b) A material breach of your written employment or consulting agreement (or similar agreement) entered into by and between the Company and you 
 (c) Your material violation of any written policies or procedures of Company 
 (d) Your breach of duty of loyalty to the Company 
 (e) You engage in any activity that brings disrepute or discredit on Company 
 (f) You commit any act which is unlawful or materially detrimental to the business and affairs of Company 
 (g) You commit any act of fraud, theft or embezzlement or other abuse of the property, information or funds of Company or 
 (h) You are convicted of any felony or a crime involving deceit, moral turpitude or fraud. 
 (i) Your willful, continued and unreasonable failure to perform your duties or obligations under this Award Agreement. 
 Performance Assessment by CEO Committee for CEO 
 Up to 75 of your CV Award may be cancelled if the Chief Executive Officer of the Company determines in his or her sole discretion that cancellation of up to 75 of the CV Award is appropriate in light of either or both of the following factors 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 16 

o Your performance in relation to the priorities for your position have been unsatisfactory for a sustained period of time, or 
 o Your conduct is not consistent with the Company s expectations as document in the Code of Conduct or the applicable ethics and conduct sections of the Company s and or Affiliate s Employee Handbook. 
 
 Any determination above with respect to these performance provisions is subject to ratification by the Committee. In the case of an award to the Chief Executive Officer, all such determinations shall be made by the Committee and ratified by the Board. 

Company Performance 
 
 If the Company s pre-tax provision income is negative for any of the four calendar quarters immediately preceding the date of the termination of your Continuous Service, then (1) only 25 of such portion of your CV Award shall be eligible for vesting on the Vesting Date and (2) the remaining 75 of such portion of your CV award shall be automatically canceled and forfeited. 
 
 Recovery 
 In addition, you may be required to pay the Company and or an Affiliate up to an amount equal to the fair market value (determined as of the applicable Vesting Date) of the gross number of shares of Common Stock previously distributed under this CV Award as follows 
 o Payment may be required with respect to any shares of Common Stock distributed within the three year period prior to a notice-of-recovery under this section, if the Company and or an Affiliate in its sole discretion determines that 
 you committed a fraudulent act, or engaged in knowing and willful misconduct related to your employment, or 
 you violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations , or 
 you violated the restrictions and conditions set forth in this Appendix A following the termination of your employment. 
 Notice-of-recovery under this subsection is a written (including electronic) notice from the Company and or an Affiliate to you either requiring payment under this subsection or stating that the Company is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection. Without limiting the foregoing, notice-of-recovery will be deemed provided if the Company makes a good faith attempt to provide written (including electronic) notice at your last known address maintained in the Company s and or an Affiliate s employment records. For the avoidance of doubt, a notice-of-recovery that the Company is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection shall preserve the Company s rights to require payment as set forth above in all respects and the Company shall be under no obligation to complete its evaluation other than as the Company may determine in its sole discretion. 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 17 

For purposes of this subsection, shares of Common Stock distributed under this CV Award include shares of Common Stock withheld for tax purposes. However, it is the Company s intention that you only be required to pay the amounts under this subsection with respect to shares of Common Stock that are or may be received by you following a determination of tax liability and that you will not be required to pay amounts with respect to shares of Common Stock representing irrevocable tax withholdings or tax payments previously made (whether by you or the Company and or an Affiliate) that you will not be able to recover, recapture or reclaim (including as a tax credit, refund or other benefit). Accordingly, the Company will not require you to pay any amount that the Company or its nominee in his or her sole discretion determines is represented by such withholdings or tax payments. 
 Payment may be made in shares of Common Stock or in cash. You agree that any repayment will be a lawful recovery under the terms and conditions of your Award Agreement and is not to be construed in any manner as a penalty. 
 Nothing in the section in any way limits your obligations under Section 20 Clawback in the Award Agreement. 
 Right to an Injunction 
 You acknowledge that a violation or attempted violation of any of the provisions set forth in Your Obligations set forth herein will cause immediate and irreparable damage to the Company and or an Affiliate, and therefore agree that the Company and or an Affiliate shall be entitled as a matter of right to an injunction, from any court of competent jurisdiction, restraining any violation or further violation of any of the provisions set forth in Your Obligations such right to an injunction, however, shall be cumulative and in addition to whatever other remedies the Company and or an Affiliate may have under law or equity. 
 Suspension of Vesting 
 To the extent provided under Section 24 Amendment in the Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to suspend vesting of the CV Award and or distribution of shares of Common Stock under the CV Award, including, without limitation, during any period that the Company is evaluating whether this CV Award is subject to cancellation and or recovery and or whether the conditions for distributions of shares of Common Stock under the CV Award are satisfied. The Company is not responsible for any price fluctuations during any period of suspension and, if applicable, suspended units will be reinstated consistent with Plan administration procedures. See Section 4 - No Ownership Rights Rights as a Shareholder Other Restrictions in the Award Agreement. 
 
 Limitation on Restrictions and Conditions 
 Nothing in this Appendix A precludes you from reporting to the Company and or an Affiliate s management or directors, the government, a regulator, a self-regulatory agency, your attorneys or a court, conduct you believe to be in violation of the law or concerns of any known or suspected Code of Conduct violation. It is also not intended to prevent you from responding truthfully to questions or requests from the government, a regulator or in a court of law. 
 2024 NonExec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 18 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 a102-2024execrsuawardgrant.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 

 TRICO BANCSHARES 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE 

TriCo Bancshares, a California corporation (the Company ), pursuant to its 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants to the holder listed below (the Participant or you ), a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Award ). The Award is comprised of restricted stock units (the Units or RSUs ), each of which is a right to receive one (1) share of Common Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement attached hereto (including Appendix A , the Award Agreement and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Grant Notice and the Award Agreement. 
 
 Participant insert name 
 Grant Date March 1, 2024 
 Number of Units Shares Subject to Award 

Vesting Schedule 
 The Award will vest in three (3) equal annual installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the Grant Date (such period, Vesting Period subject to the Participant s Continuous Service following the Grant Date through each applicable vesting date, or as otherwise provided herein. 
 For vesting dates that fall on weekends and holidays, this date will be the next business day following such date. 
 Vesting Date 1 3 of the RSUs (to the extent vested) shall be paid out on the first anniversary of the of the Grant Date. 
 1 3 of the RSUs (to the extent vested) shall be paid on the second anniversary of the of the Grant Date. 
 1 3 of the RSUs (to the extent vested) shall be paid out on the third anniversary of the of the Grant Date. 

By signing below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Award Agreement and the Grant Notice. The Participant has reviewed and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, the Award Agreement (including Appendix A), and the Grant Notice in their entirety and has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing below. The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan, the Award Agreement, the Grant Notice or relating to the Units. 
 TRICO BANCSHARES PARTICIPANT By 
 By 
 Name Richard P. Smith 
 Print Name 
 Title President & CEO 
 
 Address 63 Constitution Drive 
 Address 
 Chico, CA 95973 

2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 

ATTACHMENTS Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. A copy of the TriCo Bancshares 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and the prospectus for the Plan prepared in connection with the registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Award are available on the Human Resources section of the Company s intranet or upon request to Human Resources. 

2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 2 

2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 3 

TriCo Bancshares 
 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice Grant Notice and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (including Appendix A , the Award Agreement ), TriCo Bancshares (the Company has awarded you a Restricted Stock Unit Award under its 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, (the Plan for the number of RSUs specified in the Grant Notice (collectively, the Award ). Except where indicated otherwise, defined terms not explicitly defined in this Award Agreement but defined in the Plan or Grant Notice shall have the same definitions as in the Plan or Grant Notice. You agree that any shares of Common Stock issued with respect to the Award are subject to the minimum holding requirements described in Section 10(f) of the Plan. 
 The details of your Award are as follows 
 1. Number of Restricted Stock Units and Shares of Common Stock . The number of RSUs subject to your Award is set forth in the Grant Notice. Each RSU shall represent the right to receive one (1) share of Common Stock. The number of RSUs will increase by any dividend equivalents, as described in Section 3 below. The number of RSUs subject to your Award and the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable with respect to such RSUs may be adjusted from time to time for capitalization adjustments as described in Section 11(a) of the Plan. 
 
 2. Vesting . 
 
 (a) Normal Vesting . Except as otherwise provided by this Award Agreement, Units shall vest and become Vested Units as provided in the Grant Notice. 
 
 (b) Death Disability . If you die or become Permanently Disabled (as defined below) while you are eligible to vest in RSUs under this Award, the RSUs will immediately vest and, if you die, will be distributed in shares of Common Stock (after applicable tax withholding, if any) to your designated beneficiary on file with the Company s stock administration department or Human Resources, or if no beneficiary has been designated or survives you or if beneficiary designation is not recognized by local legislation, then to your estate (in the case of death) or to you (in the case of Permanent Disability). Any shares of Common Stock will be distributed no later than the end of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year which contains your date of death or Permanent Disability however, with respect to shares of Common Stock issued due to death, our administrative practice is to register such shares of Common Stock in the name of your beneficiary or estate within 60 days of the Company s receipt of any required documentation. 
 
 (i) Permanently Disabled means your permanent disability as such term is defined in the long-term disability insurance provided by the Company, or if such insurance is not provided by Company, the term shall mean that you have 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 4 

has been deemed by a medical care provider to indefinitely be unable to perform the essential functions of your position with the Company with or without reasonable accommodation, such event satisfies the requirements of you becoming disabled under Code Section 409 and you have satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 
 (ii) Release Certification . You shall meet the Release Certification requirements, if (i) within 55 days following your Termination of Continuous Service because you are Permanently Disabled, you execute and deliver a general release of claims in favor of the Company, having such form and terms as the Company shall specify, and such release becomes irrevocable, and (ii) in all cases, you have complied with all other terms of the Award Agreement. 
 
 (c) Continued Vesting on Retirement Full Career Eligibility . In the event and for so long as you meet the Retirement Full Career Eligibility Requirements described in Appendix A hereto at the time of your Termination of Continuous Service then, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement (including, but not limited to, Section 12 - Right to Set Off and Section 20 - Clawback in this Award Agreement and the sections entitled Your Obligations and Additional Conditions Precedent in Appendix A ), you will be eligible to continue to vest (as you otherwise would vest had you remain employed by the Company and or an Affiliate through the applicable Vesting Date) with respect to this Award following your Termination of Continuous Service due to your qualifying Retirement Full Career Eligibility. 
 
 (d) No Vesting on Termination of Continuous Service . In the event of the Participant s Termination of Continuous Service for any reason prior to the Vesting Date, with or without Cause, other than as described in Sections 2(b) and 2(c), or as determined by the Company under Section 11 of the Plan, and to the extent any Units otherwise remain unvested upon the Participant s Termination of Continuous Service, the Participant shall forfeit and the Company shall automatically reacquire all Units which are not, as of the time of such termination, Vested Units, and the Participant shall not be entitled to any payment with respect to the shares of Common Stock or other consideration therefor. 
 
 3. Dividends . If the Company pays dividends with respect to the Common Stock (the date of any such payment is a Dividend Date ), then Dividend equivalents shall then be credited to any then outstanding RSU. The amount of such dividend equivalent credit will be equal to the dollar value of dividends paid on an actual share of Common Stock on the Dividend Date, multiplied by the number of outstanding RSUs held by you pursuant to this Award as of the Dividend Date. This aggregate dollar amount will then be divided by the Fair Market Value on the Dividend Date of a share of Common Stock, and the resulting quotient shall be the number of additional RSUs Additional RSUs that will be credited to this Award. Such Additional RSUs will be subject to the Plan and the same vesting (on a pro-rata basis based on each vesting tranche of RSUs outstanding hereunder on the Dividend Date), forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and settlement provisions as apply to the RSUs that are the subject of this Award and for avoidance of doubt Additional RSUs will also be eligible to accrue future dividend equivalents. 
 
 4. No Ownership Rights Rights as a Shareholder Other Restrictions . You shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock which may be 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 5 

issued in settlement of this Award until the date of the issuance of such share of Common Stock under the terms of this Award Agreement (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment shall be made for dividends, dividend equivalents, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 1. 
 
 You also acknowledge that should there be a determination that the cancellation provisions of this award apply during the period when the vesting of any outstanding RSUs has been suspended, then you agree that such RSUs may be cancelled in whole or part. (See Section 12 Right to Set Off and Section 20 - Clawback in this Award Agreement and the section entitled Additional Conditions Precedent in Appendix A , as well as Section 24 - Amendment permitting suspension of vesting.) 
 
 With respect to any applicable vesting date, the Company may impose for any reason, as of such vesting date for such period as it may specify in its sole discretion, such restrictions on the Common Stock to be issued to you as it may deem appropriate, including, but not limited to, restricting the sale, transfer, pledging, assignment, hedging or encumbrance of such shares of Common Stock. Such restrictions described in the last sentence shall not impact your right to vote or receive dividends with respect to the Common Stock. By accepting this Award, you acknowledge that during such specified period should there be a determination that the recovery provisions of this award apply, then you agree that you may be required to pay the Company up to an amount equal to the fair market value (determined as of the applicable vesting date) of the gross number of shares subject to such restrictions (notwithstanding the limitation set forth in the Section 12 - Right to Set Off). (See Section 20 - Clawback in this Award Agreement and the section Additional Conditions Precedent in Appendix A .) 
 
 5. Payment . Subject to Section 11 below, you will not be required to make any payment to the Company with respect to your receipt of the Award, vesting of the RSUs, or the delivery of the shares of Common Stock subject to the RSUs. 
 
 6. Delivery of Shares . Subject to Sections 7 and 11 below, the Company will issue you one share of Common Stock for each RSU which vests under this Award Agreement, on the applicable vesting date or as soon as practicable thereafter, but not later than thirty (30) days from the Vesting Dates (the actual date of such issuance during such period shall be solely determined by the Company). The form of delivery (e.g., a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares of Common Stock) shall be determined by the Company. You hereby authorize the Company, in its sole discretion, to deposit for your benefit with a Company-designated brokerage firm or, at the Company s discretion, any other broker with which you have an account relationship of which the Company has notice any or all shares of Common Stock acquired by you pursuant to the settlement of the Award. Except as provided by the preceding sentence, a certificate for the shares of Common Stock as to which the Award is settled shall be registered in your name, or, if applicable, in the names of your heirs. 
 
 7. Restrictions on Grant of the Award and Issuance of Shares . The grant of the Award and issuance of shares of Common Stock upon settlement of the Award shall be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of U.S. federal or state law with respect to such 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 6 

securities. No shares of Common Stock may be issued hereunder if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock would constitute a violation of any applicable U.S. federal or state securities laws or other laws or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Common Stock may then be listed. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company s legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance of any shares of Common Stock subject to the Award shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue such shares of Common Stock as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained. As a condition to the settlement of the Award, the Company may require you to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect thereto as may be requested by the Company. Further, regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any State, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the shares of Common Stock (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any State, or any other law. 
 
 8. Transfer Restrictions . Prior to the time that the shares of Common Stock subject to your Award have been delivered to you, you may not transfer, pledge, sell or otherwise dispose of such shares of Common Stock or of the RSUs. For example, you may not use shares of Common Stock that may be issued in respect of your RSUs as security for a loan, nor may you transfer, pledge, sell or otherwise dispose of such shares of Common Stock. This restriction on transfer will lapse upon delivery to you of shares of Common Stock in respect of your vested RSUs. Your Award is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Company, you may designate a third party who, in the event of your death, shall thereafter be entitled to receive any distribution of shares of Common Stock in respect of vested RSUs pursuant to this Award Agreement. 
 
 9. Award Not a Service Contract . Your Award is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your Award shall be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the service of the Company or any Affiliate, or on the part of the Company or any Affiliate to continue such service. In addition, nothing in your Award shall obligate the Company or any Affiliate, their respective shareholders, boards of directors or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as an Employee or Consultant of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 
 10. Unsecured Obligation . Your Award is unfunded, and even as a holder of vested RSUs, you shall be considered an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company s obligation, if any, to issue shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Award Agreement. Nothing contained in this Award Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person. 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 7 

11. Withholding of Taxes . At the time the Grant Notice is executed, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for, any sums required to satisfy the U.S. federal, state, and local taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising as a result of your participation in the Plan (referred to herein as Tax-Related Items ). The Company or any Affiliate, as appropriate, shall have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require you to remit an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable Tax-Related Items or to take such other action as may be reasonably necessary to satisfy such Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize the Company and any Affiliate, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following 
 
 (a) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you or 
 (b) withholding from proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting and settlement of the RSUs, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) or 
 (c) withholding in shares of Common Stock to be issued upon vesting and settlement of the RSUs or 
 (d) direct payment from you. 
 The Company does not have any duty or obligation to minimize your liability for Tax-Related Items arising from the Award, and, will not be liable to you for any Tax-Related Items arising in connection with the Award. Finally, you shall pay any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or any Affiliate may be required to withhold as a result of his or her participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the shares of Common Stock that may be issued in connection with the settlement of the RSUs if you fail to comply with your Tax-Related Items obligations. 
 You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATION ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE UNITS. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
 12. Right to Set Off. Although the Company expects to settle this award in share(s) of Common Stock as of the applicable vesting date, as set forth in your Award Agreement, the Company may, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law (including Section 409A of the Code to the extent it is applicable to you), retain for itself funds or the shares of Common Stock resulting from any vesting of this award to satisfy any obligation or debt that you owe to the Company and or an Affiliate. Notwithstanding any bank account agreement with the 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 8 

Company and or an Affiliate to the contrary, the Company will not recoup or recover any amount owed from any funds or unrestricted securities held in your name and maintained at the Company and or Affiliate pursuant to such bank account agreement to satisfy any obligation or debt owed by you under this award without your consent. This restriction on the Company does not apply to accounts described and authorized in Section 6 Delivery of Shares described above. 
 
 13. Notices. Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Participant shall be in writing and addressed to the Participant at the address maintained for the Participant in the Company s records or at the address of the local office of the Company or Affiliate at which the Participant works. 
 
 14. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) The rights and obligations of the Company with respect to your Award shall be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns. 
 (b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award. 
 (c) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Award Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company. 
 (d) The Participant s rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with the Units are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit the Participant to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting the Units, the Participant expressly acknowledges that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Units or other Awards to the Participant. The Units are not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of the Participant s normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of the Participant s salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
 15. Headings . The headings of the Sections and subsections in this Award Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part of this Award Agreement or to affect the meaning of this Award Agreement. 
 
 16. Severability . If all or any part of this Award Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Award Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 9 

or invalid. Any Section of this Award Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 17. Compliance with Code Section 409A . 
 
 (a) It is intended that the RSUs granted hereunder be exempt from or comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A, so that none of the RSUs, or the resulting shares of Common Stock or compensation, if any, shall be subject to the additional tax imposed by Section 409A. The vesting and settlement of such RSUs are intended to qualify for the short-term deferral exemption from Code Section 409A. Each installment of RSUs that vests is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). As such, each eligible vested RSU shall be settled, per the terms of the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Award Agreement, within the short-term deferral period, as defined in Code Section 409A, the applicable Treasury Regulations and related guidance issued thereunder. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, this Award Agreement, or the Grant Notice 
 (i) The Plan, this Award Agreement and the Grant Notice shall be interpreted in accordance with, and incorporate the terms and conditions required by, Code Section 409A and any Department of Treasury regulations and other applicable guidance issued thereunder (including any regulations or guidance that may be issued after the date hereof), and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted to so comply. 
 (ii) The Company reserves the right, to the extent the Company deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally amend or modify the Plan and or this Award Agreement to ensure that the RSUs qualify for exemption from, comply with or otherwise avoid the imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Code Section 409A provided , however , that the Company makes no representations that the RSUs will be exempt from Code Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Code Section 409A from applying to the RSUs. 
 (b) Separation from Service Required Delay in Payment to Specified Employee. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, no amount payable pursuant to this Award Agreement on account of your termination of Service which constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A shall be paid unless and until you have incurred a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Furthermore, to the extent that you are a Specified Employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A as of the date of your separation from service, no amount that constitutes a deferral of compensation which is payable on account of your separation from service that would result in the imposition of additional tax under Code Section 409A if issued to you on or within the six (6) month period following your termination of an employment shall be paid to you before the date (the Delayed Payment Date which is the first day of the seventh month after the date of your separation from service or, if earlier, ten (10) days following the date of your death following such separation from service. All such amounts that would, but for this Section, become payable prior to the Delayed Payment Date will be accumulated and paid on the Delayed Payment Date. 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 10 

18. Restrictions on Contracts and Payments for Insured Depository Institutions in Troubled Status . The parties acknowledge and agree that the restrictions contained in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, Section 18(k) 12 U.S.C. 1828(k) , relating to contracts for and payment of executive compensation and benefits by insured depository institutions in troubled condition could apply in the future. In the event that any such restrictions or any contractual arrangement with or required by a regulatory authority require the Company to seek or demand repayment or return of any payments made to you under this Award Agreement and the Plan for any reason, you agree to repay to the Company the aggregate amount of such payments no later than thirty (30) days following your receipt of a written notice from the Company indicating that payments received by you under this Award Agreement and the Plan are subject to recapture or clawback. 
 
 19. Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information . You hereby authorize and direct the Company to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the Data ), the nature and amount of your compensation and the fact and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number, salary, job title, number of shares held and the details of all RSUs or any other entitlement to shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any Affiliate, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a brokerage firm or other third party assisting with administration of the Award or with whom shares acquired upon settlement of this Award or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. Furthermore, Participant acknowledges and understands that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any Affiliate, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. You may at any time withdraw the consents herein, by contacting the Company s stock administration department in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to realize benefits from the Award, and your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 20. Clawback. In consideration of the grant of this Award, you agree that this Award is subject to any clawback under Section 15 of the Plan and the Company s Compensation Clawback Policy (or any successor policy, the Policy adopted by the Board and in effect from time to time, as permitted by law. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these terms and conditions in any way limits the rights of the Company and or an Affiliate under the Policy. 
 
 21. Counterparts . The Grant Notice may be executed in counterparts, including execution by facsimile, pdf or other electronic transmission, which, when taken together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 22. Administration . The Committee shall have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee or the Board in good faith shall be final and binding upon you, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Committee or the Board shall be personally liable for any action, 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 11 

determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan, this Award Agreement or the Units. 
 
 1. Governing Law . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. without regard to the conflict-of-laws rules thereof or of any other jurisdiction. 
 
 24. Amendment. The Committee or its nominee reserves the right to amend this Award Agreement in any manner, at any time and for any reason provided, however, that no such amendment shall materially adversely affect your rights under this Award Agreement without your consent except to the extent that the Committee or its delegate considers advisable to (i) comply with applicable laws or changes in or interpretation of applicable laws, regulatory requirements and accounting rules or standards and or (ii) make a change in a scheduled vesting date or impose the restrictions described above under Section 4 - No Ownership Rights Rights as Shareholder Other Restrictions, in either case, to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code if it is applicable to you. This Award Agreement may not be amended except in writing signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chair of the Committee of the Company. 
 
 25. Internal Revenue Code Section 280G. Notwithstanding any provision of this Award Agreement to the contrary, in the event of a change in control and the Award is accelerated, and it would be more likely than not that all or a portion of any benefit payment under this Award Agreement, alone or together with any other compensation or benefit payable to Participant, will be a non-deductible expense to the Company by reason of Code Section 280G, the Company shall reduce, but not less than zero, the benefits payable under this Award Agreement or the Plan as necessary to avoid the application of Section 280G. 
 
 26. Governing Plan Documents . The Grant Notice, this Award Agreement, and the RSUs evidenced hereby (i) are made and granted pursuant to the Plan and are in all respects limited by and subject to the terms of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan, and (ii) constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company on the subject matter hereof and supersede all proposals, written or oral, and all other communications between the parties related to the subject matter. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of your Award and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 12 

Appendix A to Restricted Stock Agreement 
 
 Termination of Employment 
 Except as explicitly set forth under Section 2 - Vesting of the Award Agreement and this Appendix A , any unvested RSUs outstanding under this Award will be cancelled effective on the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason. 
 Subject to these terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, Sections 12 Right to Set Off and 20 - Clawback in the Award Agreement, and the Sections Your Obligations and Additional Conditions Precedent in this Appendix A ), however, a portion of your Award will be eligible to continue vesting as if you were still employed by the Company or an Affiliate though the Vesting Date if the following circumstances apply to you 
 Retirement Full Career Eligibility 
 Your RSUs under this Award may be eligible for continued vesting upon your qualified retirement if the Chief Executive Officer (or, if you are the Chief Executive Officer, the Committee or its nominee) determines, in their sole discretion, that 
 you voluntarily terminated your Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate, and 
 you had completed at least six (6) years of Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate immediately preceding your termination date, and 
 your age on your date of termination equaled or exceeded sixty-two (62) and 
 you provided at least nine (9) months advance written notice to the Company of your intention to voluntarily terminate your employment under this provision, during which notice period you provided such services as requested by the Company and or an Affiliate in a cooperative and professional manner and you did not perform any services for any other employer, and 
 continued vesting shall be appropriate, which determination shall be made prior to your termination and will be based on your performance and conduct (before and after providing notice), and 
 you satisfied the Release Confirmation Requirements set forth below. 
 After receipt of such advance written notice, the Company and or an Affiliate may choose to have you continue to provide services during such nine (9) month period as a condition to continued vesting or may, in its sole discretion, elect to shorten the length of the nine (9) month period to a date no earlier than the date you would otherwise meet the age and service requirements. 
 Portion of Your Award Subject to Continued Vesting Following Retirement 
 If you meet the requirements of this Appendix A , the number of RSUs under this Award that will be eligible to continue vesting following the termination of your Continuous Service, if any, will be a percentage of the RSUs that would have vested if your Continuous Service had continued through the Vesting Date (as determined in accordance with the Award Agreement) based on your years of Continuous Service preceding your Termination of Continuous Service, as follows 
 0 if you have at least 5 or less years of Continuous Service, 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 13 

20 if you have at least 6 but less than 7 years of Continuous Service, 
 40 if you have at least 7 but less than 8 years of Continuous Service, 
 60 if you have at least 8 but less than 9 years of Continuous Service, 
 80 if you have at least 9 but less than 10 years of Continuous Service, or 
 100 if you have 10 or more years of Continuous Service. 
 There is no pro rata credit for partial years of Continuous Service. 
 The portion of your Award that is subject to continued vesting upon your qualifying retirement is referred to as the CV Award. Any portion of your Award that does not continue to vest hereunder will, upon the date of your Termination of Continuous Service, be immediately cancelled and forfeited as of such date without any payment or other consideration therefor. 
 So, for example if you had 100 unvested Units and you had 7.5 years of Continuous Service immediately preceding your Termination of Continuous Service, and you complied with the terms of Appendix A , the number of your CV Award would be 40 RSUs (40 of 100 RSUs) , subject to the pro-rata adjustments and the terms set forth in this Appendix A . The remaining 60 RSUs would be immediately forfeited on the date your Continuous Service terminates. 
 Release Confirmation 
 To qualify for continued vesting after your Termination of Continuous Service as described in this Appendix A 
 you must timely execute and deliver a release of claims in favor of the Company and its Affiliates, having such form and terms as the Company shall specify within 30 days of the Termination of your Continuous Service, 
 prior to the Termination of your Continuous Service, you must confirm with management that you meet the eligibility criteria (including providing at least nine (9) months advance written notification), advise that you are seeking to be treated as an individual eligible for Retirement Full Career Eligibility , and receive written consent to such continued vesting, and 
 in all cases, complied with all other terms of the Award Agreement. (See section captioned Your Obligations .) 
 Your Obligations 
 In consideration of the grant of this CV Award , you agree to comply with and be bound by the obligations set forth below next to the subsections captioned --Confidentiality & Non-Solicitation , --False Statements , --Cooperation , --Compliance with Award Agreement and --Notice Period. 
 Confidentiality & Non-Solicitation 
 You will not, either during your Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate or thereafter, directly or indirectly use or disclose to anyone any Confidential Information (as defined herein) related to the Company and or an Affiliate s business or its customers except as explicitly permitted by the TriCo Bancshares Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Policy (as amended or replaced from time to time, the Code of Conduct and applicable policies or law or legal process. Confidential Information includes but is not limited to (i) information received by the Company and or an Affiliate from third parties under confidential conditions (ii) intellectual property and trade 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 14 

secrets, technical, product, business, financial, or development information from the Company and or an Affiliate, the use or disclosure of which reasonably might be construed to be contrary to the interest of the Company and or an Affiliate or (iii) other proprietary information or data, including, but not limited to, customer lists and information. In addition, following your termination of employment, you will not, without prior written authorization, access the Company and or an Affiliate s private and internal information through telephonic, intranet or internet means. 
 If you are required by law or requested to provide information to any private party, including the news media, related to your or anyone else s employment with the Company and or an Affiliate, you will, in advance of providing any response (to the extent lawfully permitted), and within five days of receiving any such legal demand or request, provide written notice to the Company and or an Affiliate. Additionally, you agree to cooperate with the Company and or an Affiliate in connection with the request for such information to the extent lawfully permitted. 
 False Statements 
 You will not, either during your Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate or thereafter, make any untrue statements, such that they are made with knowledge of their falsity or with reckless disregard for their truth or falsity, about the Company and or an Affiliate, its employees, officers, directors or shareholders as a group in verbal, written, electronic or any other form. 
 Cooperation 
 You will cooperate with any Company and or Affiliate investigation, inquiry, or litigation, and provide full and accurate information to the Company and or an Affiliate and its counsel with respect to any matter that relates to issues or events about which you may have knowledge or information, subject to reimbursement for actual, appropriate and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by you. 
 Compliance with Award Agreement 
 You will provide the Company and or an Affiliate with any information reasonably requested to determine compliance with the Award Agreement, and you authorize the Company and or an Affiliate to disclose the terms of the Award Agreement to any third party who might be affected thereby, including your prospective employer. 
 Additional Conditions Precedent 
 Detrimental Conduct, Risk Related and Other Cancellation Recapture 
 In addition to the cancellation provisions described under Sections 12 - Right to Set Off and 20 - Clawback in the Award Agreement, up to 100 of continued vesting of your RSUs under this CV Award is further subject to the condition that neither the Company nor an Affiliate in its sole discretion determines that 
 o Any of the following detrimental and risk-related conduct has occurred 
 you engaged in conduct detrimental to the Company and or an Affiliate insofar as it causes material financial or reputational harm to the Company and or an Affiliate or its business activities, or 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 15 

this CV Award was based on materially inaccurate performance metrics, whether or not you were responsible for the inaccuracy, or 
 this CV Award was based on a material misrepresentation by you, or 
 you improperly or with gross negligence failed to identify, raise or assess, in a timely manner and as reasonably expected, risks and or concerns with respect to risks material to the Company and or an Affiliate or its business activities, or 
 your Continuous Service was terminated for Cause (as defined herein) or, in the case of a determination after the termination of your employment, that your Continuous Service could have been terminated for Cause or 
 o you have failed to comply with any of the advance notice cooperation requirements or employment restrictions applicable to your termination of employment, or 
 o you have failed to sign and return the release described under the section captioned Release Confirmation by the specified deadline, or 
 o you have violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations . 
 
 A termination for cause , as such term may be defined in any written employment, consulting agreement, or change in control agreement (or similar agreement) entered into by and between the Company and you, but for the purpose of this Appendix A also includes your willful, continued and unreasonable failure to perform your duties or obligations under this Award Agreement, or if none, shall mean 
 (b) A material breach of your written employment or consulting agreement (or similar agreement) entered into by and between the Company and you 
 (c) Your material violation of any written policies or procedures of Company 
 (d) Your breach of duty of loyalty to the Company 
 (e) You engage in any activity that brings disrepute or discredit on Company 
 (f) You commit any act which is unlawful or materially detrimental to the business and affairs of Company 
 (g) You commit any act of fraud, theft or embezzlement or other abuse of the property, information or funds of Company or 
 (h) You are convicted of any felony or a crime involving deceit, moral turpitude or fraud. 
 (i) Your willful, continued and unreasonable failure to perform your duties or obligations under this Award Agreement. 
 Performance Assessment by CEO Committee for CEO 
 Up to 75 of your CV Award may be cancelled if the Chief Executive Officer of the Company determines in his or her sole discretion that cancellation of up to 75 of the CV Award is appropriate in light of either or both of the following factors 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 16 

o Your performance in relation to the priorities for your position have been unsatisfactory for a sustained period of time, or 
 o Your conduct is not consistent with the Company s expectations as document in the Code of Conduct or the applicable ethics and conduct sections of the Company s and or Affiliate s Employee Handbook. 
 
 Any determination above with respect to these performance provisions is subject to ratification by the Committee. In the case of an award to the Chief Executive Officer, all such determinations shall be made by the Committee and ratified by the Board. 

Company Performance 
 
 If the Company s pre-tax provision income is negative for any of the four calendar quarters immediately preceding the date of the termination of your Continuous Service, then (1) only 25 of such portion of your CV Award shall be eligible for vesting on the Vesting Date and (2) the remaining 75 of such portion of your CV award shall be automatically canceled and forfeited. 
 
 Recovery 
 In addition, you may be required to pay the Company and or an Affiliate up to an amount equal to the fair market value (determined as of the applicable Vesting Date) of the gross number of shares of Common Stock previously distributed under this CV Award as follows 
 o Payment may be required with respect to any shares of Common Stock distributed within the three year period prior to a notice-of-recovery under this section, if the Company and or an Affiliate in its sole discretion determines that 
 you committed a fraudulent act, or engaged in knowing and willful misconduct related to your employment, or 
 you violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations , or 
 you violated the restrictions and conditions set forth in this Appendix A following the termination of your employment. 
 Notice-of-recovery under this subsection is a written (including electronic) notice from the Company and or an Affiliate to you either requiring payment under this subsection or stating that the Company is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection. Without limiting the foregoing, notice-of-recovery will be deemed provided if the Company makes a good faith attempt to provide written (including electronic) notice at your last known address maintained in the Company s and or an Affiliate s employment records. For the avoidance of doubt, a notice-of-recovery that the Company is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection shall preserve the Company s rights to require payment as set forth above in all respects and the Company shall be under no obligation to complete its evaluation other than as the Company may determine in its sole discretion. 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 17 

For purposes of this subsection, shares of Common Stock distributed under this CV Award include shares of Common Stock withheld for tax purposes. However, it is the Company s intention that you only be required to pay the amounts under this subsection with respect to shares of Common Stock that are or may be received by you following a determination of tax liability and that you will not be required to pay amounts with respect to shares of Common Stock representing irrevocable tax withholdings or tax payments previously made (whether by you or the Company and or an Affiliate) that you will not be able to recover, recapture or reclaim (including as a tax credit, refund or other benefit). Accordingly, the Company will not require you to pay any amount that the Company or its nominee in his or her sole discretion determines is represented by such withholdings or tax payments. 
 Payment may be made in shares of Common Stock or in cash. You agree that any repayment will be a lawful recovery under the terms and conditions of your Award Agreement and is not to be construed in any manner as a penalty. 
 Nothing in the section in any way limits your obligations under Section 20 Clawback in the Award Agreement. 
 Right to an Injunction 
 You acknowledge that a violation or attempted violation of any of the provisions set forth in Your Obligations set forth herein will cause immediate and irreparable damage to the Company and or an Affiliate, and therefore agree that the Company and or an Affiliate shall be entitled as a matter of right to an injunction, from any court of competent jurisdiction, restraining any violation or further violation of any of the provisions set forth in Your Obligations such right to an injunction, however, shall be cumulative and in addition to whatever other remedies the Company and or an Affiliate may have under law or equity. 
 Suspension of Vesting 
 To the extent provided under Section 24 Amendment in the Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to suspend vesting of the CV Award and or distribution of shares of Common Stock under the CV Award, including, without limitation, during any period that the Company is evaluating whether this CV Award is subject to cancellation and or recovery and or whether the conditions for distributions of shares of Common Stock under the CV Award are satisfied. The Company is not responsible for any price fluctuations during any period of suspension and, if applicable, suspended units will be reinstated consistent with Plan administration procedures. See Section 4 - No Ownership Rights Rights as a Shareholder Other Restrictions in the Award Agreement. 
 
 Limitation on Restrictions and Conditions 
 Nothing in this Appendix A precludes you from reporting to the Company and or an Affiliate s management or directors, the government, a regulator, a self-regulatory agency, your attorneys or a court, conduct you believe to be in violation of the law or concerns of any known or suspected Code of Conduct violation. It is also not intended to prevent you from responding truthfully to questions or requests from the government, a regulator or in a court of law. 
 2024 Exec RSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final 
 18 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 a103-2024nonexecpsuawardgr.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 
 Exhibit 10.3 

 TRICO BANCSHARES 
 PERFORMANCE AWARD GRANT NOTICE 
 
 TriCo Bancshares, a California corporation (the Company ), pursuant to its 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants to the holder listed below (the Participant or you ), a Performance Award (the Award ). Such award shall be comprised of Performance Share Units (the Units or PSUs ), each of which is a right to receive the value of one (1) share of Common Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Performance Award Agreement attached hereto (the Award Agreement and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Grant Notice and the Award Agreement. 
 
 Participant 
 insert name 
 Grant Date 
 March 1, 2024 
 Target Number of Units 
 ____ , subject to adjustment as provided by the Award Agreement. 
 Maximum Number of Units 
 # which is 150 of the Target Number of Units, subject to adjustment as provided by the Award Agreement. 
 Performance Period 
 Three years beginning March 1, 2024 and ending March 1, 2027 subject to Sections 3, 7.1 and 7.2 of the Award Agreement. 
 For performance periods that fall on weekends and holidays, this date will be the next business trading day following such date. 
 Performance Measure 
 The difference, measured in percentage points, for the Performance Period between the Company Total Shareholder Return and the Benchmark Index Total Return, both determined in accordance with Section 2.2 of the Award Agreement (or as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement). 
 Benchmark Index 
 The KBW Regional Banking Index (Ticker Symbol KRX) 
 Relative Return Factor 
 A percentage (rounded to the nearest 1 10th of 1 and not greater than 150 or less than 0 equal to the sum of 100 plus the product of 2 multiplied by the difference (whether positive or negative) equal to (i) the Company Total Shareholder Return minus (ii) the Benchmark Index Total Return, as illustrated by Appendix A . 
 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -1- 

Vesting Date 
 The Vesting Date is the date upon which the Committee officially determines the degree of achievement of the Performance Measure in accordance with Section 2.2 of the Award Agreement (or as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement). The Vesting Date shall occur within 45 days following the final date of the Performance Period, except as otherwise provided by the Award Agreement. 
 Vested Units 
 Provided that there has been no Termination of Continuous Service of Participant prior to the Vesting Date (except as otherwise provided by the Award Agreement), the number of Vested Units, if any (not to exceed the Maximum Number of Units), shall equal the product of (i) the Target Number of Units and (ii) the Relative Return Factor (rounded down to the nearest whole share), as illustrated by Appendix A . 
 Settlement Date 
 For each Vested Unit, except as otherwise provided by the Award Agreement, a date occurring during the 28 day period following the Vesting Date, which date during such period shall be solely determined by the Company. 
 By signing below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Award Agreement (including Appendixes A and B and the Grant Notice. The Participant has reviewed and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, the Award Agreement, and the Grant Notice in their entirety and has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing below. The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan, the Award Agreement, the Grant Notice or relating to the Units. 
 TRICO BANCSHARES PARTICIPANT By 
 By 
 Name Richard P. Smith 
 Print Name 
 
 Title President & CEO 
 Address 63 Constitution Drive 
 Chico, CA 95973 
 Address 

2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -2- 

ATTACHMENTS Performance Award Agreement. A copy of the TriCo Bancshares 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and the prospectus for the Plan prepared in connection with the registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Award are available on the Human Resources section of the Company s intranet or upon request to Human Resources. 
 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -3- 

TRICO BANCSHARES 
 PERFORMANCE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 TriCo Bancshares (the Company has granted to the Participant named in the Performance Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice ), to which this Performance Award Agreement (including Appendixes A and B , this Award Agreement is attached, an Award consisting of Performance Share Units (the Units or PSUs subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Grant Notice and this Award Agreement. This Award has been granted pursuant to the TriCo Bancshares 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as amended, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference. Participant agrees that any shares of Common Stock issued with respect to the Award are subject to the minimum holding requirements described in Section 10(f) of the Plan. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein or in the Grant Notice, capitalized terms shall have the meanings assigned under the Plan. 
 1. The Award . 
 
 The Company hereby awards to the Participant the Target Number of Units set forth in the Grant Notice, which, depending on the extent to which a Performance Goal (as described by Plan) is attained during the Performance Period, may result in the Participant earning as little as zero (0) Units or as many as the Maximum Number of Units. Subject to the terms of this Award Agreement and the Plan, each Unit, to the extent it is earned and becomes a Vested Unit, represents a right to receive on the Settlement Date one (1) share of Common Stock or, at the discretion of the Committee, the Fair Market Value thereof in cash. Unless and until a Unit has vested and becomes a Vested Unit as set forth in the Grant Notice, the Participant will have no right to settlement of such Units (including any rights with respect dividends payable with respect to the underlying shares of Common Stock). Prior to settlement of any earned and vested Units, such Units will represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 
 2. Performance Measurement . 
 
 2.1 Level of Performance Measure Attained. As soon as practicable following completion of the Performance Period, but in any event no later than the Vesting Date, the Committee shall certify in writing the level of attainment of the Performance Measure during the Performance Period, the resulting Relative Return Factor and the number of Units which have become Vested Units. 
 
 2.2 Components of Performance Measure. The components of Performance Measure shall be determined for the Performance Period in accordance with the following 
 
 (a) Company Total Shareholder Return means the percentage point increase or decrease in (i) the Average Per Share Closing Price for the 30 trading day period 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -1- 

ending on the last day of the Performance Period over (ii) the Average Per Share Closing Price for the 30 trading day period ending on the first day of the Performance Period. 
 
 (b) Average Per Share Closing Price means the average of the daily closing prices per share of Common Stock as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market (or such other market on which shares of Common Stock are traded) for all trading days falling within an applicable 30 trading day period described in (a) above. The Average Per Share Closing Price shall be adjusted in each case to reflect an assumed reinvestment, as of the of applicable ex-dividend date, of all cash dividends and other cash distributions (excluding cash distributions resulting from share repurchases or redemptions by the Company) paid to shareholders during the 30 trading day period ending on the first day of the Performance Period and during the Performance Period. 
 
 (c) Benchmark Index Total Return means the percentage point increase or decrease in (i) the Average Closing Index Value for the 30 trading day period ending on the last day of the Performance Period over (ii) the Average Closing Index Value for the 30 trading day period ending on the first day of the Performance Period. 
 
 (d) Average Closing Index Value means the average of the daily closing index values of the Benchmark Index for all trading days falling within an applicable 30 trading day period described in (c) above. 
 
 3. Vesting . 
 
 3.1 Normal Vesting. Except as otherwise provided by this Award Agreement, Units shall vest and become Vested Units as provided in the Grant Notice. 
 
 3.2 Vesting Upon a Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control, vesting shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.1. 
 
 3.3 Vesting Upon Involuntary Termination Following a Change in Control. In the event that upon or within twelve (12) months following the consummation of a Change in Control, the Participant experiences a Termination of Continuous Service due to Involuntary Termination, then vesting shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.2. 
 
 3.4 Vesting Upon Death Disability. If you die or become Permanently Disabled (as defined below) while you are eligible to vest in PSUs under this Award, the PSUs will immediately vest pro rata in a similar fashion as set forth in Section 7 and, if you die, will be distributed in shares of Common Stock (after applicable tax withholding, if any) to your designated beneficiary on file with the Company s stock administration department or Human Resources, or if no beneficiary has been designated or survives you or if beneficiary designation is not recognized by local legislation, then to your estate (in the case of death) or to you (in the case of Permanent Disability). Any shares of Common Stock will be distributed no later than the end of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year which contains your date of death or Permanent Disability however, with respect to shares of Common Stock issued due to 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -2- 

death, our administrative practice is to register such shares of Common Stock in the name of your beneficiary or estate within 60 days of the Company s receipt of any required documentation. 
 
 (a) Permanently Disabled means your permanent disability as such term is defined in the long-term disability insurance provided by the Company, or if such insurance is not provided by Company, the term shall mean that you have been deemed by a medical care provider to indefinitely be unable to perform the essential functions your position with the Company or without reasonable accommodation, such event satisfies the requirements of you becoming disabled under Code Section 409 and you have satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 
 
 (b) Release Certification . You shall meet the Release Certification requirements, if (i) within 55 days following your Termination of Continuous Service because you are Permanently Disabled, you execute and deliver a general release of claims in favor of the Company, having such form and terms as the Company shall specify, and such release becomes irrevocable, and (ii) in all cases, you have complied with all other terms of the Award Agreement. 
 
 3.5 Continued Vesting on Retirement Full Career Eligibility. In the event and for so long as you meet the Retirement Full Career Eligibility Requirements described in Appendix B hereto at the time of your Termination of Continuous Service then, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement (including, but not limited to, Section 4.5 Right to Set Off and Section 11.1 Clawback in this Award Agreement and the sections entitled Your Obligations and Additional Conditions Precedent in Appendix B to this Award Agreement) you will be eligible to continue to vest (as you otherwise would vest had you remain employed by the Company and or an Affiliate through the Vesting Date) with respect to this Award following your Termination of Continuous Service due to your qualifying Retirement Full Career Eligibility. 
 
 3.6 No Vesting on Termination of Continuous Service. In the event of the Participant s Termination of Continuous Service for any reason prior to the Vesting Date, with or without Cause, other than as described in Sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, or 3.5 or as determined by the Company under Section 11 of the Plan, and to the extent any Units otherwise remain unvested upon the Participant s Termination of Continuous Service, the Participant shall forfeit and the Company shall automatically reacquire all Units which are not, as of the time of such termination, Vested Units, and the Participant shall not be entitled to any payment with respect to the shares of Common Stock or other consideration therefor. 
 
 3.7 Definitions. The following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 (a) Involuntary Termination means that a Participant experiences a Termination of Continuous Service by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason . 
 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -3- 

(b) Termination of Continuous Service for Cause means Termination of Continuous Service of the Participant by reason of any of the following 
 
 (i) A termination for cause , as such term may be defined in any written employment or consulting agreement (or similar agreement) entered into by and between the Company and the Participant 
 
 (ii) A material breach of the Participant s written employment or consulting agreement (or similar agreement) entered into by and between the Company and the Participant 
 
 (iii) A material violation of any written policies or procedures of Company 
 
 (iv) A breach of duty of loyalty to the Company 
 
 (v) The Participant engages in any activity that brings disrepute or discredit on Company 
 
 (vi) The Participant commits any act which is unlawful or materially detrimental to the business and affairs of Company 
 
 (vii) The Participant commits any act of fraud, theft or embezzlement or other abuse of the property, information or funds of Company or 
 
 (viii) The Participant is convicted of any felony or a crime involving deceit, moral turpitude or fraud. 
 
 (c) The Participant s Termination of Continuous Service for Good Reason means Participant experiences any of the following (without Participant s consent) 
 
 (i) a material diminution in the Participant s base compensation 
 
 (ii) a material diminution in the Participant s authority, duties, or responsibilities 
 
 (iii) a material change (of at least 50 miles) in geographic location at which the Participant must perform the services or 
 
 (iv) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach of the terms of an applicable employment or consulting agreement (or similar agreement). 
 If Participant wishes to resign for Good Reason, (A) the Participant must provide the Company with a written notice describing the event which is giving rise to such right, which notice must be 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -4- 

delivered to the Company no later than 60 days following the first occurrence of such event (B) the Company must fail to cure such condition within 30 days of receipt of such notice and (C) Participant must resign within 30 days of the expiration of such cure period. 
 
 Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 3 or as determined by the Committee under the terms of Section 11 of the Plan, in the event of a Change in Control, no acceleration of vesting shall occur with respect to the Units granted in this Award. 

4. Settlement of the Award . 
 
 4.1 Issuance of Shares of Common Stock or Cash Equivalent . Subject to the provisions of Section 4.3 and Section 5 below, the Company shall issue to the Participant on the Settlement Date with respect to each Vested Unit to be settled on such date one (1) share of Common Stock. Shares of Common Stock issued in settlement of Vested Units shall not be subject to any restriction on transfer other than any such restriction as may be required pursuant to Section 4.3 or provided for in Section 10(f) of the Plan. At the discretion of the Committee, payment with respect to all or any portion of the Vested Units may be made in a lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value, determined as of the Settlement Date, of the shares of Common Stock or other securities or property otherwise issuable in settlement of such Vested Units. 
 
 4.2 Beneficial Ownership of Shares Certificate Registration . The Participant hereby authorizes the Company, in its sole discretion, to deposit for the benefit of the Participant with a Company-designated brokerage firm or, at the Company s discretion, any other broker with which the Participant has an account relationship of which the Company has notice any or all shares of Common Stock acquired by the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Award. Except as provided by the preceding sentence, a certificate for the shares of Common Stock as to which the Award is settled shall be registered in the name of the Participant, or, if applicable, in the names of the Participant s heirs. 
 
 4.3 Restrictions on Grant of the Award and Issuance of Shares . The grant of the Award and issuance of shares of Common Stock upon settlement of the Award shall be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of U.S. federal or state law with respect to such securities. No shares of Common Stock may be issued hereunder if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock would constitute a violation of any applicable U.S. federal or state securities laws or other laws or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the shares of Common Stock may then be listed. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company s legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance of any shares of Common Stock subject to the Award shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue such shares of Common Stock as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained. As a condition to the settlement of the Award, the Company may require the Participant to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate, to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -5- 

with respect thereto as may be requested by the Company. Further, regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any State, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the shares of Common Stock (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any State, or any other law. 
 
 4.4 Fractional Shares . The Company shall not be required to issue fractional shares of Common Stock upon the settlement of the Award. 
 
 4.5 Right to Set Off. Although the Company expects to settle this award in share(s) of Common Stock as of the applicable vesting date, as set forth in your Award Agreement, the Company may, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law (including Section 409A of the Code to the extent it is applicable to you), retain for itself funds or the shares of Common Stock resulting from any vesting of this award to satisfy any obligation or debt that you owe to the Company and or an Affiliate. Notwithstanding any bank account agreement with the Company and or an Affiliate to the contrary, the Company will not recoup or recover any amount owed from any funds or unrestricted securities held in your name and maintained at the Company and or Affiliate pursuant to such bank account agreement to satisfy any obligation or debt owed by you under this award without your consent. 
 
 5. Tax Withholding and Advice . 
 
 5.1 In General. Subject to Section 5.2, at the time the Grant Notice is executed, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, the Participant hereby authorizes withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to the Participant, and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for, any sums required to satisfy the U.S. federal, state, and local taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan (referred to herein as Tax-Related Items ). 
 
 5.2 Withholding of Taxes. The Company or any Affiliate, as appropriate, shall have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require the Participant to remit an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable Tax-Related Items or to take such other action as may be reasonably necessary to satisfy such Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company and any Affiliate, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following 
 
 (a) withholding from the Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant or 
 
 (b) withholding from proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting and settlement of the PSUs, either through a voluntary sale or through a 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -6- 

mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on the Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization) or 
 
 (c) withholding in shares of Common Stock to be issued upon vesting and settlement of the PSUs or 
 
 (d) direct payment from the Participant. 
 
 The Company does not have any duty or obligation to minimize the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items arising from the Award, and, will not be liable to the Participant for any Tax-Related Items arising in connection with the Award. Finally, the Participant shall pay any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or any Affiliate may be required to withhold as a result of his or her participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the shares of Common Stock that may be issued in connection with the settlement of the PSUs if the Participant fails to comply with his or her Tax-Related Items obligations. 
 
 5.3 Tax Advice . The Participant represents, warrants and acknowledges that the Company has made no warranties or representations to the Participant with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement, and the Participant is in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. THE PARTICIPANT UNDERSTANDS THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. THE PARTICIPANT SHOULD CONSULT HIS OR HER OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE UNITS. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
 
 6. Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information . 
 
 The Participant hereby authorizes and directs the Participant s service recipient to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the Data ), the nature and amount of the Participant s compensation and the fact and conditions of the Participant s participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, the Participant s name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number, salary, job title, number of shares of Common Stock held and the details of all Units or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any Affiliate, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a brokerage firm or other third party assisting with administration of the Award or with whom shares of Common Stock acquired upon settlement of this Award or cash from the sale of such shares of Common Stock may be deposited. Furthermore, the Participant acknowledges and understands that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any Affiliate, or to any third parties is necessary for Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant may at any time withdraw the consents herein, by contacting the 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -7- 

Company s stock administration department in writing. The Participant further acknowledges that withdrawal of consent may affect the Participant s ability to realize benefits from the Award, and the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 7. Change in Control . 
 
 In the event of a Change in Control, this Section 7 shall determine the treatment of the Units which have not otherwise become Vested Units. 
 
 7.1 Effect of Change in Control on Award. In the event of a Change in Control which occurs more than 12 months following the Grant Date, the Performance Period shall end on the day immediately preceding the Change in Control (the Adjusted Performance Period ). The number and vesting of Units shall be determined for the Adjusted Performance Period in accordance with the following 
 
 (a) Vested Units. In the Committee s determination of the number of Vested Units for the Adjusted Performance Period, the following modifications shall be made to the components of the Relative Return Factor 
 
 (i) The Company Total Shareholder Return shall be determined as provided by Section 2.2, except that the Average Per Share Closing Price for the thirty (30) trading day period ending on the last day of the Adjusted Performance Period shall be replaced with the price per share of Common Stock to be paid to the holder thereof in accordance with the definitive agreement governing the transaction constituting the Change in Control (or, in the absence of such agreement, the closing price per share of Common Stock as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market for the last trading day of the Adjusted Performance Period), adjusted to reflect an assumed reinvestment, as of the applicable ex-dividend date, of all cash dividends and other cash distributions (excluding cash distributions resulting from share repurchases or redemptions by the Company) paid to shareholders during the Adjusted Performance Period, as illustrated in Section 2.2. 
 
 (ii) The Benchmark Index Total Return shall be determined as provided by Section 2.2, except that for the purposes of clause (a) thereof, the Average Closing Index Value shall be determined for the 30 trading day period ending on the last day of the Adjusted Performance Period. 
 
 (b) Vested Units. As of the last day of the Adjusted Performance Period and provided that the Participant has not Termination of Continuous Service prior to such date, a portion of the Units determined in accordance with Section 7.1(a) shall become Vested Units (the Accelerated Units ), with such portion determined by multiplying the total number of Units by a fraction, the numerator of which equals the number of days contained in the Adjusted Performance Period and the denominator of which equals the number of days contained in the original Performance Period determined without regard to this Section. The Accelerated Units shall be settled in accordance Section 4 immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control. 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -8- 

7.2 Involuntary Termination Upon or Following Change in Control. If Section 7.1 does not apply, in the event that upon or within twelve (12) months following the consummation of the Change in Control (but no earlier than the twelve month anniversary of the Grant Date), the Participant experiences an Involuntary Termination, the Units determined in accordance with Section 7.1(a) (as if Section 7.1 applied) shall be deemed Vested Units effective as of the date of the Participant s Involuntary Termination and shall be settled in accordance with Section 4, treating the date of the Participant s Termination of Continuous Service as the Vesting Date, provided that payment for each Vested Unit shall be made in the amount and in the form of the consideration (whether stock, cash, other securities or property or a combination thereof) to which a holder of a share of Common Stock on the effective date of the Change in Control was entitled (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock). 
 
 7.3 Internal Revenue Code Section 280G . Notwithstanding any provision of this Award Agreement to the contrary, in the event that it would be more likely than not that all or a portion of any benefit payment under this Award Agreement, alone or together with any other compensation or benefit payable to Participant, will be a non-deductible expense to the Company by reason of Code Section 280G, the Company shall reduce, but not less than zero, the benefits payable under this Award Agreement or the Plan as necessary to avoid the application of Section 280G. 
 
 8. Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure . 
 
 The number of Units awarded pursuant to this Award Agreement is subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11(a) of the Plan and otherwise is subject to Section 11(c) of the Plan, to the extent such section does not contradict Section 7 of this Award Agreement. Upon the occurrence of an event described in Plan Section 11(a), any and all new, substituted or additional securities or other property to which a holder of a share of Common Stock issuable in settlement of the Award would be entitled shall be immediately subject to the Award Agreement and included within the meaning of the terms shares of Common Stock for all purposes of the Award. The Participant shall be notified of such adjustments and such adjustments shall be binding upon the Company and the Participant. 
 
 9. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . 
 
 9.1 The Participant s rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with the Units are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit the Participant to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting the Units, the Participant expressly acknowledges that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Units or other Awards to the Participant. The Units are not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of the Participant s normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of the Participant s salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -9- 

9.2 Neither the Plan nor the Units shall be deemed to give the Participant a right to remain an Employee, Director or Consultant of the Company or any Affiliate. The Company reserves the right to terminate the employment or service of the Participant at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and the Participant s written employment or consulting agreement (or similar agreement) (if any), and the Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, this Award, Units or any other outstanding Award that is forfeited and or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
 
 10. Rights as a Shareholder . 
 
 The Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock which may be issued in settlement of this Award until the date of the issuance of such share of Common Stock under this Award Agreement (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment shall be made for dividends, dividend equivalents, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 8. 
 
 11. Miscellaneous Provisions . 

11.1 Clawback. In consideration of the grant of this Award, you agree that this Award is subject to any clawback under Section 15 of the Plan and the Company s Compensation Clawback Policy (or any successor policy, the Policy adopted by the Board and in effect from time to time, as permitted by law. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these terms and conditions in any way limits the rights of the Company and or an Affiliate under the Policy. 
 
 11.2 Amendment. The Committee may amend this Award Agreement at any time provided, however, that no such amendment may adversely affect the Participant s rights under this Award Agreement without the consent of the Participant, except to the extent such amendment is necessary to comply with applicable law, including, but not limited to, Code Section 409A. No amendment or addition to this Award Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties to this Award Agreement. 
 
 11.3 Nontransferability of the Award. Prior to the issuance of shares of Common Stock on the applicable Settlement Date, no right or interest of the Participant in the Award nor any shares of Common Stock issuable on settlement of the Award shall be in any manner pledged, encumbered, or hypothecated to or in favor of any party other than the Company or shall become subject to any lien, obligation, or liability of such Participant to any other party other than the Company. Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, no Award 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -10- 

shall be assigned, transferred or otherwise disposed of other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. All rights with respect to the Award shall be exercisable during the Participant s lifetime only by the Participant or the Participant s guardian or legal representative. 
 
 11.4 Further Instruments. The parties hereto agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may reasonably be necessary to carry out the intent of this Award Agreement. 
 
 11.5 Binding Effect. This Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and, subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, be binding upon the Participant and the Participant s heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 
 11.6 Notices. Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Participant shall be in writing and addressed to the Participant at the address maintained for the Participant in the Company s records or at the address of the local office of the Company or Affiliate at which the Participant works. 
 
 11.7 Construction of Award Agreement. The Grant Notice, this Award Agreement, and the Units evidenced hereby (i) are made and granted pursuant to the Plan and are in all respects limited by and subject to the terms of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of Participant s Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan, and (ii) constitute the entire agreement between the Participant and the Company on the subject matter hereof and supersede all proposals, written or oral, and all other communications between the parties related to the subject matter. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of Participant s Award and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. The headings of the Sections in this Award Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part of this Award Agreement or to affect the meaning of this Award Agreement. 
 
 11.8 Governing Law. The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. without regard to the conflict-of-laws rules thereof or of any other jurisdiction. 
 
 11.9 Section 409A. 
 
 (a) Compliance with Code Section 409A. It is intended that the Performance Share Units granted hereunder be exempt from or comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A, so that none of the Units, or the resulting shares of Common Stock or compensation, if any, shall be subject to the additional tax imposed by Section 409A. The vesting and settlement of such Units are intended to qualify for the short-term deferral exemption from Code Section 409A. Each installment of Units that vests is intended to constitute 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -11- 

a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). As such, each eligible Vested Unit shall be settled, per the terms of the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Award Agreement, within the short-term deferral period, as defined in Code Section 409A, the applicable Treasury Regulations and related guidance issued thereunder. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, this Award Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan 
 (i) The Plan, this Award Agreement and the Grant Notice shall be interpreted in accordance with, and incorporate the terms and conditions required by, Code Section 409A and any Department of Treasury regulations and other applicable guidance issued thereunder (including any regulations or guidance that may be issued after the date hereof), and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted to so comply. 
 (ii) The Company reserves the right, to the extent the Company deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally amend or modify the Plan and or this Award Agreement to ensure that the Units qualify for exemption from, comply with or otherwise avoid the imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Code Section 409A provided , however , that the Company makes no representations that the Units will be exempt from Code Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Code Section 409A from applying to the Units. 
 (b) Separation from Service Required Delay in Payment to Specified Employee. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, no amount payable pursuant to this Award Agreement on account of the Participant s Termination of Continuous Service which constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A shall be paid unless and until the Participant has incurred a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Furthermore, to the extent that the Participant is a Specified Employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A as of the date of the Participant s separation from service, no amount that constitutes a deferral of compensation which is payable on account of the Participant s separation from service that would result in the imposition of additional tax under Code Section 409A if issued to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following Participant s separation from service shall be paid to the Participant before the date (the Delayed Payment Date which is the first day of the seventh month after the date of the Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, ten (10) days following the date of the Participant s death following such separation from service. All such amounts that would, but for this Section, become payable prior to the Delayed Payment Date will be accumulated and paid on the Delayed Payment Date. 
 
 11.10 Restrictions on Contracts and Payments for Insured Depository Institutions in Troubled Status . The parties acknowledge and agree that while the restrictions contained in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, Section 18(k) 12 U.S.C. 1828(k) , relating to contracts for and payment of executive compensation and benefits by insured depository institutions in troubled condition, do not currently apply to the Company or the Participant, such provisions could apply in the future. In the event that any such restrictions or any contractual arrangement with or required by a regulatory authority require the Company to seek or demand repayment or return of any payments made to the Participant under this Award 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -12- 

Agreement and the Plan for any reason, the Participant agrees to repay to the Company the aggregate amount of such payments no later than thirty (30) days following the Participant s receipt of a written notice from the Company indicating that payments received by the Participant under this Award Agreement and the Plan are subject to recapture or clawback. 
 
 11.11 Administration. The Committee shall have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee or the Board in good faith shall be final and binding upon the Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Committee or the Board shall be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan, this Award Agreement or the Units. 
 11.12 Counterparts. The Grant Notice may be executed in counterparts, including execution by facsimile, pdf or other electronic transmission, which, when taken together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 11.13 Severability. If all or any part of this Award Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Award Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Award Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -13- 

APPENDIX A 
 
 ILLUSTRATION OF RELATIVE RETURN FACTOR AND RESULTING NUMBER OF VESTED UNITS 
 
 Percentage Point Difference of Company TSR Over Under Benchmark Index Total Return Relative Return Factor Vested Units (Per 1,000 Target Units) 25 and Over 150 1,500 20 140 1,400 15 130 1,300 10 120 1,200 9 118 1,180 8 116 1,160 7 114 1,140 6 112 1,120 5 110 1,010 4 108 1,080 3 106 1,060 2 104 1,040 1 102 1,020 0 100 1,000 -1 98 980 -2 96 960 -3 94 940 -4 92 920 -5 90 900 -6 88 880 -7 86 860 -8 84 840 -9 82 820 -10 80 800 -15 70 700 -20 60 600 -25 50 500 -25 and less 0 0 

2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -14- 

APPENDIX A (CONTINUED) 
 
 ILLUSTRATIONS OF CALCULATION OF VESTED UNITS 
 PER 1,000 TARGET UNITS 
 
 Company Total Shareholder Return Exceeds Benchmark Index Total Return 

Assumptions 

Target Number of Units 

1,000 
 TCBK 

Average Per Share Closing Price (beginning) 
 
 25.00 
 Average Per Share Closing Price (ending) 
 
 30.00 

KBW Regional Banking Index 

Average Closing Index Value (beginning) 
 
 80.00 
 Average Closing Index Value (ending) 
 
 90.00 

Computations 

Company Total Shareholder Return 
 ((30.00 25.00) - 1) x 100 
 20.0 

Benchmark Index Total Return 
 ((90.00 80.00) - 1) x 100 
 12.5 

Relative Return Factor 
 100 + (2.0 x (20.0 12.5)) 
 115.0 

Vested Units 
 1,000 x 115.0 
 1,150 

2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -15- 

APPENDIX A (CONTINUED) 
 
 ILLUSTRATIONS OF CALCULATION OF VESTED UNITS 
 PER 1,000 TARGET UNITS 
 
 Company Total Shareholder Return Is Less Than Benchmark Index Total Return 

Assumptions 

Target Number of Units 

1,000 
 TCBK 

Average Per Share Closing Price (beginning) 
 
 25.00 
 Average Per Share Closing Price (ending) 
 
 30.00 

KBW Regional Banking Index 

Average Closing Index Value (beginning) 
 
 80.00 
 Average Closing Index Value (ending) 
 
 100.00 

Computations 

Company Total Shareholder Return 
 ((30.00 25.00) - 1) x 100 
 20.0 

Benchmark Index Total Return 
 ((100.00 80.00) - 1) x 100 
 25.0 

Relative Return Factor 
 100 + (2.0 x (20.0 25.0)) 
 90.0 

Vested Units 
 1,000 x 90.0 
 900 

2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -16- 

Appendix B to Performance Award Agreement 
 Termination of Employment 
 Except as explicitly set forth under Section 3 - Vesting of the Award Agreement and this Appendix B , any unvested PSU outstanding under this Award will be cancelled effective on the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason. 
 Subject to these terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, Sections 4.5 Right to Set Off and Section 11.1 - Clawback in the Award Agreement, and the Sections Your Obligations and Additional Conditions Precedent in this Appendix B ), however, a portion of your PSUs will be eligible to continue vesting as if you were still employed by the Company or an Affiliate through the Vesting Date if the following circumstances apply to you 
 Retirement Full Career Eligibility 
 Your PSUs under this Award may be eligible for continued vesting upon your qualified retirement if the Chief Executive Officer (or, if you are the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Committee or its nominee) determines, in their sole discretion, that 
 you voluntarily terminated your Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate, and 
 you had completed at least eleven (11) years of Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate immediately preceding your termination date, and 
 your age on your date of termination equaled or exceeded sixty-five (65) and 
 you provided at least nine (9) months advance written notice to the Company of your intention to voluntarily terminate your employment under this provision, during which notice period you provided such services as requested by the Company and or an Affiliate in a cooperative and professional manner and you did not perform any services for any other employer, and 
 continued vesting shall be appropriate, which determination shall be made prior to you termination and will be based on your performance and conduct (before and after providing notice), and 
 you satisfied the Release Confirmation Requirements set forth below. 
 After receipt of such advance written notice, the Company and or an Affiliate may choose to have you continue to provide services during such nine (9) month period as a condition to continued vesting or may, in its sole discretion, elect to shorten the length of the nine (9) month period to a date no earlier than the date you would otherwise meet the age and service requirements. 
 Portion of Your PSUs Subject to Continued Vesting Following Retirement 
 If you meet the requirements of this Appendix B , the number of PSUs under this Award that will be eligible to continue vesting following the termination of your Continuous Service, if any, will be a percentage of the PSUs that would have vested if your Continuous Service had continued through the Vesting Date (as determined in accordance with the Award Agreement and 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -17- 

Appendix A based on your years of Continuous Service preceding your Termination of Continuous Service, as follows 
 0 if you have at least 10 or less years of Continuous Service, 
 20 if you have at least 11 but less than 12 years of Continuous Service, 
 40 if you have at least 12 but less than 13 years of Continuous Service, 
 60 if you have at least 13 but less than 14 years of Continuous Service, 
 80 if you have at least 14 but less than 15 years of Continuous Service, or 
 100 if you have 15 or more years of Continuous Service. 
 There is no pro rata credit for partial years of Continuous Service. 
 The portion of your Award that is subject to continued vesting upon your qualifying retirement is referred to as the CV Award. Any portion of your Award that does not continue to vest hereunder will, upon the date of your Termination of Continuous Service, be immediately cancelled and forfeited as of such date without any payment or other consideration therefor. 
 So, for example, if you have 12.5 years of Continuous Service immediately preceding your Termination of Continuous Service and the Committee determines that, based on the degree of achievement of the Performance Measures and the terms of Appendix A , the number of vested PSUs under your Award would be 110 PSUs, then you would be entitled to 44 PSUs (i.e., 40 of 110 PSUs), subject to potential adjustment described in this Appendix B . 
 Release Confirmation 
 To qualify for continued vesting after your Termination of Continuous Service as described in this Appendix B 
 you must timely execute and deliver a release of claims in favor of the Company and its Affiliates, having such form and terms as the Company shall specify within 30 days of the termination of your Continuous Service, 
 prior to the termination of your Continuous Service, you must confirm with management that you meet the eligibility criteria (including providing at least nine (9) months advance written notification), advise that you are seeking to be treated as an individual eligible for Retirement Full Career Eligibility , and receive written consent to such continued vesting, and 
 in all cases, complied with all other terms of the Award Agreement. (See section captioned Your Obligations .) 
 Your Obligations 
 In consideration of the grant of this CV Award, you agree to comply with and be bound by the obligations set forth below next to the subsections captioned --Confidentiality & Non-Solicitation , --False Statements , --Cooperation , --Compliance with Award Agreement and --Notice Period. 
 Confidentiality & Non-Solicitation 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -18- 

You will not, either during your Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate or thereafter, directly or indirectly use or disclose to anyone any Confidential Information (as defined herein) related to the Company and or an Affiliate s business or its customers except as explicitly permitted by the TriCo Bancshares Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Policy (as amended or replaced from time to time, the Code of Conduct and applicable policies or law or legal process. Confidential Information includes but is not limited to (i) information received by the Company and or an Affiliate from third parties under confidential conditions (ii) intellectual property and trade secrets, technical, product, business, financial, or development information from the Company and or an Affiliate, the use or disclosure of which reasonably might be construed to be contrary to the interest of the Company and or an Affiliate or (iii) other proprietary information or data, including, but not limited to, customer lists and information. In addition, following your termination of employment, you will not, without prior written authorization, access the Company and or an Affiliate s private and internal information through telephonic, intranet or internet means. 
 If you are required by law or requested to provide information to any private party, including the news media, related to your or anyone else s employment with the Company and or an Affiliate, you will, in advance of providing any response (to the extent lawfully permitted), and within five days of receiving any such legal demand or request, provide written notice to the Company and or an Affiliate. Additionally, you agree to cooperate with the Company and or an Affiliate in connection with the request for such information to the extent lawfully permitted. 
 False Statements 
 You will not, either during your Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate or thereafter, make any untrue statements, such that they are made with knowledge of their falsity or with reckless disregard for their truth or falsity, about the Company and or an Affiliate, its employees, officers, directors or shareholders as a group in verbal, written, electronic or any other form. 
 Cooperation 
 You will cooperate with any Company and or Affiliate investigation, inquiry, or litigation, and provide full and accurate information to the Company and or an Affiliate and its counsel with respect to any matter that relates to issues or events about which you may have knowledge or information, subject to reimbursement for actual, appropriate and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by you. 
 Compliance with Award Agreement 
 You will provide the Company and or an Affiliate with any information reasonably requested to determine compliance with the Award Agreement, and you authorize the Company and or an Affiliate to disclose the terms of the Award Agreement to any third party who might be affected thereby, including your prospective employer. 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -19- 

Additional Conditions Precedent 
 Detrimental Conduct, Risk Related and Other Cancellation Recapture 
 In addition to the cancellation provisions described under Sections 4.5 - Right to Set Off and 11.1 - Clawback in the Award Agreement, up to 100 of continued vesting of your PSUs under this CV Award is further subject to the condition that neither the Company nor an Affiliate in its sole discretion determines that 
 o Any of the following detrimental and risk-related conduct has occurred 
 you engaged in conduct detrimental to the Company and or an Affiliate insofar as it causes material financial or reputational harm to the Company and or an Affiliate or its business activities, or 
 this CV Award was based on materially inaccurate performance metrics, whether or not you were responsible for the inaccuracy, or 
 this CV Award was based on a material misrepresentation by you, or 
 you improperly or with gross negligence failed to identify, raise or assess, in a timely manner and as reasonably expected, risks and or concerns with respect to risks material to the Company and or an Affiliate or its business activities, or 
 your Continuous Service was terminated for Cause (as defined herein) or, in the case of a determination after the termination of your employment, that your Continuous Service could have been terminated for Cause, or 
 o you have failed to comply with any of the advance notice cooperation requirements or employment restrictions applicable to your termination of employment, or 
 o you have failed to sign and return the release described under the section captioned Release Confirmation by the specified deadline, or 
 o you have violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations . 
 The term Cause, has the meaning set forth in the Award Agreement, but for purposes of this Appendix B also includes your willful, continued and unreasonable failure to perform your duties or obligations under this Appendix B . 
 Performance Assessment 
 Up to 75 of your CV Award may be cancelled if the Chief Executive Officer of the Company determines in his or her sole discretion that cancellation of up to 75 of the CV Award is appropriate in light of either or both of the following factors 
 o Your performance in relation to the priorities for your position have been unsatisfactory for a sustained period of time, or 
 o Your conduct is not consistent with the Company s expectations as document in the Code of Conduct or the applicable ethics and conduct sections of the Company s and or Affiliate s Employee Handbook. 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -20- 

Any determination above with respect to these performance provisions is subject to ratification by the Committee. In the case of an award to the Chief Executive Officer, all such determinations shall be made by the Committee and ratified by the Board. 
 
 Company Performance 
 
 If the Company s pre-tax provision income is negative for any of the four calendar quarters immediately preceding the date of the termination of your Continuous Service, then (1) only 25 of such portion of your CV Award shall be eligible for vesting on the Vesting Date and (2) the remaining 75 of such portion of your CV award shall be automatically canceled and forfeited. 
 
 Recovery 
 In addition, you may be required to pay the Company and or an Affiliate up to an amount equal to the fair market value (determined as of the Vesting Date) of the gross number of shares of Common Stock previously distributed under this CV Award as follows 
 o Payment may be required with respect to any shares of Common Stock distributed within the three year period prior to a notice-of-recovery under this section, if the Company and or an Affiliate in its sole discretion determines that 
 you committed a fraudulent act, or engaged in knowing and willful misconduct related to your employment, or 
 you violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations , or 
 you violated the restrictions and conditions set forth in this Appendix B following the termination of your employment. 
 Notice-of-recovery under this subsection is a written (including electronic) notice from the Company and or an Affiliate to you either requiring payment under this subsection or stating that the Company is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection. Without limiting the foregoing, notice-of-recovery will be deemed provided if the Company makes a good faith attempt to provide written (including electronic) notice at your last known address maintained in the Company s and or an Affiliate s employment records. For the avoidance of doubt, a notice-of-recovery that the Company is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection shall preserve the Company s rights to require payment as set forth above in all respects and the Company shall be under no obligation to complete its evaluation other than as the Company may determine in its sole discretion. 
 For purposes of this subsection, shares of Common Stock distributed under this CV Award include shares of Common Stock withheld for tax purposes. However, it is the Company s intention that you only be required to pay the amounts under this subsection with respect to shares of Common Stock that are or may be received by you following a determination of tax liability and that you will not be required to pay amounts with respect to shares of Common Stock representing irrevocable tax withholdings or tax 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -21- 

payments previously made (whether by you or the Company and or an Affiliate) that you will not be able to recover, recapture or reclaim (including as a tax credit, refund or other benefit). Accordingly, the Company will not require you to pay any amount that the Company or its nominee in his or her sole discretion determines is represented by such withholdings or tax payments. 
 Payment may be made in shares of Common Stock or in cash. You agree that any repayment will be a lawful recovery under the terms and conditions of your Award Agreement and is not to be construed in any manner as a penalty. 
 Nothing in the section in any way limits your obligations under Section 11.1 - Clawback in the Award Agreement. 
 Right to an Injunction 
 You acknowledge that a violation or attempted violation of any of the provisions set forth in Your Obligations set forth herein will cause immediate and irreparable damage to the Company and or an Affiliate, and therefore agree that the Company and or an Affiliate shall be entitled as a matter of right to an injunction, from any court of competent jurisdiction, restraining any violation or further violation of any of the provisions set forth in Your Obligations such right to an injunction, however, shall be cumulative and in addition to whatever other remedies the Company and or an Affiliate may have under law or equity. 
 Suspension of Vesting 
 To the extent provided under Section 11.2 Amendment in the Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to suspend vesting of the CV Award and or distribution of shares of Common Stock under the CV Award, including, without limitation, during any period that the Company is evaluating whether the CV Award is subject to cancellation and or recovery and or whether the conditions for distributions of shares of Common Stock under the CV Award are satisfied. The Company is not responsible for any price fluctuations during any period of suspension and, if applicable, suspended units will be reinstated consistent with Plan administration procedures. See Section 10 - Rights as a Shareholder in the Award Agreement. 
 Limitation on Restrictions and Conditions 
 Nothing in this Appendix B precludes you from reporting to the Company and or an Affiliate s management or directors, the government, a regulator, a self-regulatory agency, your attorneys or a court, conduct you believe to be in violation of the law or concerns of any known or suspected Code of Conduct violation. It is also not intended to prevent you from responding truthfully to questions or requests from the government, a regulator or in a court of law. 
 
 2024 NonExec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -22- 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 a104-2024execpsuawardgrant.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 
 Exhibit 10.4 

 TRICO BANCSHARES 
 PERFORMANCE AWARD GRANT NOTICE 
 
 TriCo Bancshares, a California corporation (the Company ), pursuant to its 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants to the holder listed below (the Participant or you ), a Performance Award (the Award ). Such award shall be comprised of Performance Share Units (the Units or PSUs ), each of which is a right to receive the value of one (1) share of Common Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Performance Award Agreement attached hereto (the Award Agreement and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Grant Notice and the Award Agreement. 
 
 Participant 
 insert name 
 Grant Date 
 March 1, 2024 
 Target Number of Units 
 ____ , subject to adjustment as provided by the Award Agreement. 
 Maximum Number of Units 
 # which is 150 of the Target Number of Units, subject to adjustment as provided by the Award Agreement. 
 Performance Period 
 Three years beginning March 1, 2024 and ending March 1, 2027 subject to Sections 3, 7.1 and 7.2 of the Award Agreement. 
 For performance periods that fall on weekends and holidays, this date will be the next business trading day following such date. 
 Performance Measure 
 The difference, measured in percentage points, for the Performance Period between the Company Total Shareholder Return and the Benchmark Index Total Return, both determined in accordance with Section 2.2 of the Award Agreement (or as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement). 
 Benchmark Index 
 The KBW Regional Banking Index (Ticker Symbol KRX) 
 Relative Return Factor 
 A percentage (rounded to the nearest 1 10th of 1 and not greater than 150 or less than 0 equal to the sum of 100 plus the product of 2 multiplied by the difference (whether positive or negative) equal to (i) the Company Total Shareholder Return minus (ii) the Benchmark Index Total Return, as illustrated by Appendix A . 
 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -1- 

Vesting Date 
 The Vesting Date is the date upon which the Committee officially determines the degree of achievement of the Performance Measure in accordance with Section 2.2 of the Award Agreement (or as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement). The Vesting Date shall occur within 45 days following the final date of the Performance Period, except as otherwise provided by the Award Agreement. 
 Vested Units 
 Provided that there has been no Termination of Continuous Service of Participant prior to the Vesting Date (except as otherwise provided by the Award Agreement), the number of Vested Units, if any (not to exceed the Maximum Number of Units), shall equal the product of (i) the Target Number of Units and (ii) the Relative Return Factor (rounded down to the nearest whole share), as illustrated by Appendix A . 
 Settlement Date 
 For each Vested Unit, except as otherwise provided by the Award Agreement, a date occurring during the 28 day period following the Vesting Date, which date during such period shall be solely determined by the Company. 
 By signing below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Award Agreement (including Appendixes A and B and the Grant Notice. The Participant has reviewed and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, the Award Agreement, and the Grant Notice in their entirety and has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing below. The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan, the Award Agreement, the Grant Notice or relating to the Units. 
 TRICO BANCSHARES PARTICIPANT By 
 By 
 Name Richard P. Smith 
 Print Name 
 
 Title President & CEO 
 Address 63 Constitution Drive 
 Chico, CA 95973 
 Address 

2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -2- 

ATTACHMENTS Performance Award Agreement. A copy of the TriCo Bancshares 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and the prospectus for the Plan prepared in connection with the registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Award are available on the Human Resources section of the Company s intranet or upon request to Human Resources. 
 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -3- 

TRICO BANCSHARES 
 PERFORMANCE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 TriCo Bancshares (the Company has granted to the Participant named in the Performance Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice ), to which this Performance Award Agreement (including Appendixes A and B , this Award Agreement is attached, an Award consisting of Performance Share Units (the Units or PSUs subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Grant Notice and this Award Agreement. This Award has been granted pursuant to the TriCo Bancshares 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as amended, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference. Participant agrees that any shares of Common Stock issued with respect to the Award are subject to the minimum holding requirements described in Section 10(f) of the Plan. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein or in the Grant Notice, capitalized terms shall have the meanings assigned under the Plan. 
 1. The Award . 
 
 The Company hereby awards to the Participant the Target Number of Units set forth in the Grant Notice, which, depending on the extent to which a Performance Goal (as described by Plan) is attained during the Performance Period, may result in the Participant earning as little as zero (0) Units or as many as the Maximum Number of Units. Subject to the terms of this Award Agreement and the Plan, each Unit, to the extent it is earned and becomes a Vested Unit, represents a right to receive on the Settlement Date one (1) share of Common Stock or, at the discretion of the Committee, the Fair Market Value thereof in cash. Unless and until a Unit has vested and becomes a Vested Unit as set forth in the Grant Notice, the Participant will have no right to settlement of such Units (including any rights with respect dividends payable with respect to the underlying shares of Common Stock). Prior to settlement of any earned and vested Units, such Units will represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 
 2. Performance Measurement . 
 
 2.1 Level of Performance Measure Attained. As soon as practicable following completion of the Performance Period, but in any event no later than the Vesting Date, the Committee shall certify in writing the level of attainment of the Performance Measure during the Performance Period, the resulting Relative Return Factor and the number of Units which have become Vested Units. 
 
 2.2 Components of Performance Measure. The components of Performance Measure shall be determined for the Performance Period in accordance with the following 
 
 (a) Company Total Shareholder Return means the percentage point increase or decrease in (i) the Average Per Share Closing Price for the 30 trading day period 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -1- 

ending on the last day of the Performance Period over (ii) the Average Per Share Closing Price for the 30 trading day period ending on the first day of the Performance Period. 
 
 (b) Average Per Share Closing Price means the average of the daily closing prices per share of Common Stock as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market (or such other market on which shares of Common Stock are traded) for all trading days falling within an applicable 30 trading day period described in (a) above. The Average Per Share Closing Price shall be adjusted in each case to reflect an assumed reinvestment, as of the of applicable ex-dividend date, of all cash dividends and other cash distributions (excluding cash distributions resulting from share repurchases or redemptions by the Company) paid to shareholders during the 30 trading day period ending on the first day of the Performance Period and during the Performance Period. 
 
 (c) Benchmark Index Total Return means the percentage point increase or decrease in (i) the Average Closing Index Value for the 30 trading day period ending on the last day of the Performance Period over (ii) the Average Closing Index Value for the 30 trading day period ending on the first day of the Performance Period. 
 
 (d) Average Closing Index Value means the average of the daily closing index values of the Benchmark Index for all trading days falling within an applicable 30 trading day period described in (c) above. 
 
 3. Vesting . 
 
 3.1 Normal Vesting. Except as otherwise provided by this Award Agreement, Units shall vest and become Vested Units as provided in the Grant Notice. 
 
 3.2 Vesting Upon a Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control, vesting shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.1. 
 
 3.3 Vesting Upon Involuntary Termination Following a Change in Control. In the event that upon or within twelve (12) months following the consummation of a Change in Control, the Participant experiences a Termination of Continuous Service due to Involuntary Termination, then vesting shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.2. 
 
 3.4 Vesting Upon Death Disability. If you die or become Permanently Disabled (as defined below) while you are eligible to vest in PSUs under this Award, the PSUs will immediately vest pro rata in a similar fashion as set forth in Section 7 and, if you die, will be distributed in shares of Common Stock (after applicable tax withholding, if any) to your designated beneficiary on file with the Company s stock administration department or Human Resources, or if no beneficiary has been designated or survives you or if beneficiary designation is not recognized by local legislation, then to your estate (in the case of death) or to you (in the case of Permanent Disability). Any shares of Common Stock will be distributed no later than the end of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year which contains your date of death or Permanent Disability however, with respect to shares of Common Stock issued due to 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -2- 

death, our administrative practice is to register such shares of Common Stock in the name of your beneficiary or estate within 60 days of the Company s receipt of any required documentation. 
 
 (a) Permanently Disabled means your permanent disability as such term is defined in the long-term disability insurance provided by the Company, or if such insurance is not provided by Company, the term shall mean that you have been deemed by a medical care provider to indefinitely be unable to perform the essential functions your position with the Company or without reasonable accommodation, such event satisfies the requirements of you becoming disabled under Code Section 409 and you have satisfied the Release Certification Requirements set forth below. 
 
 (b) Release Certification . You shall meet the Release Certification requirements, if (i) within 55 days following your Termination of Continuous Service because you are Permanently Disabled, you execute and deliver a general release of claims in favor of the Company, having such form and terms as the Company shall specify, and such release becomes irrevocable, and (ii) in all cases, you have complied with all other terms of the Award Agreement. 
 
 3.5 Continued Vesting on Retirement Full Career Eligibility. In the event and for so long as you meet the Retirement Full Career Eligibility Requirements described in Appendix B hereto at the time of your Termination of Continuous Service then, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement (including, but not limited to, Section 4.5 Right to Set Off and Section 11.1 Clawback in this Award Agreement and the sections entitled Your Obligations and Additional Conditions Precedent in Appendix B to this Award Agreement) you will be eligible to continue to vest (as you otherwise would vest had you remain employed by the Company and or an Affiliate through the Vesting Date) with respect to this Award following your Termination of Continuous Service due to your qualifying Retirement Full Career Eligibility. 
 
 3.6 No Vesting on Termination of Continuous Service. In the event of the Participant s Termination of Continuous Service for any reason prior to the Vesting Date, with or without Cause, other than as described in Sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, or 3.5, or as determined by the Company under Section 11 of the Plan, and to the extent any Units otherwise remain unvested upon the Participant s Termination of Continuous Service, the Participant shall forfeit and the Company shall automatically reacquire all Units which are not, as of the time of such termination, Vested Units, and the Participant shall not be entitled to any payment with respect to the shares of Common Stock or other consideration therefor 
 
 3.7 Definitions. The following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 (a) Involuntary Termination means that a Participant experiences a Termination of Continuous Service by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason . 
 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -3- 

(b) Termination of Continuous Service for Cause means Termination of Continuous Service of the Participant by reason of any of the following 
 
 (i) A termination for cause , as such term may be defined in any written employment or consulting agreement (or similar agreement) entered into by and between the Company and the Participant 
 
 (ii) A material breach of the Participant s written employment or consulting agreement (or similar agreement) entered into by and between the Company and the Participant 
 
 (iii) A material violation of any written policies or procedures of Company 
 
 (iv) A breach of duty of loyalty to the Company 
 
 (v) The Participant engages in any activity that brings disrepute or discredit on Company 
 
 (vi) The Participant commits any act which is unlawful or materially detrimental to the business and affairs of Company 
 
 (vii) The Participant commits any act of fraud, theft or embezzlement or other abuse of the property, information or funds of Company or 
 
 (viii) The Participant is convicted of any felony or a crime involving deceit, moral turpitude or fraud. 
 
 (c) The Participant s Termination of Continuous Service for Good Reason means Participant experiences any of the following (without Participant s consent) 
 
 (i) a material diminution in the Participant s base compensation 
 
 (ii) a material diminution in the Participant s authority, duties, or responsibilities 
 
 (iii) a material change (of at least 50 miles) in geographic location at which the Participant must perform the services or 
 
 (iv) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach of the terms of an applicable employment or consulting agreement (or similar agreement). 
 If Participant wishes to resign for Good Reason, (A) the Participant must provide the Company with a written notice describing the event which is giving rise to such right, which notice must be 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -4- 

delivered to the Company no later than 60 days following the first occurrence of such event (B) the Company must fail to cure such condition within 30 days of receipt of such notice and (C) Participant must resign within 30 days of the expiration of such cure period. 
 
 Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 3 or as determined by the Committee under the terms of Section 11 of the Plan, in the event of a Change in Control, no acceleration of vesting shall occur with respect to the Units granted in this Award. 

4. Settlement of the Award . 
 
 4.1 Issuance of Shares of Common Stock or Cash Equivalent . Subject to the provisions of Section 4.3 and Section 5 below, the Company shall issue to the Participant on the Settlement Date with respect to each Vested Unit to be settled on such date one (1) share of Common Stock. Shares of Common Stock issued in settlement of Vested Units shall not be subject to any restriction on transfer other than any such restriction as may be required pursuant to Section 4.3 or provided for in Section 10(f) of the Plan. At the discretion of the Committee, payment with respect to all or any portion of the Vested Units may be made in a lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value, determined as of the Settlement Date, of the shares of Common Stock or other securities or property otherwise issuable in settlement of such Vested Units. 
 
 4.2 Beneficial Ownership of Shares Certificate Registration . The Participant hereby authorizes the Company, in its sole discretion, to deposit for the benefit of the Participant with a Company-designated brokerage firm or, at the Company s discretion, any other broker with which the Participant has an account relationship of which the Company has notice any or all shares of Common Stock acquired by the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Award. Except as provided by the preceding sentence, a certificate for the shares of Common Stock as to which the Award is settled shall be registered in the name of the Participant, or, if applicable, in the names of the Participant s heirs. 
 
 4.3 Restrictions on Grant of the Award and Issuance of Shares . The grant of the Award and issuance of shares of Common Stock upon settlement of the Award shall be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of U.S. federal or state law with respect to such securities. No shares of Common Stock may be issued hereunder if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock would constitute a violation of any applicable U.S. federal or state securities laws or other laws or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the shares of Common Stock may then be listed. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company s legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance of any shares of Common Stock subject to the Award shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue such shares of Common Stock as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained. As a condition to the settlement of the Award, the Company may require the Participant to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate, to evidence 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -5- 

compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect thereto as may be requested by the Company. Further, regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any State, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the shares of Common Stock (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any State, or any other law. 
 
 4.4 Fractional Shares . The Company shall not be required to issue fractional shares of Common Stock upon the settlement of the Award. 
 
 4.5 Right to Set Off. Although the Company expects to settle this award in share(s) of Common Stock as of the applicable vesting date, as set forth in your Award Agreement, the Company may, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law (including Section 409A of the Code to the extent it is applicable to you), retain for itself funds or the shares of Common Stock resulting from any vesting of this award to satisfy any obligation or debt that you owe to the Company and or an Affiliate. Notwithstanding any bank account agreement with the Company and or an Affiliate to the contrary, the Company will not recoup or recover any amount owed from any funds or unrestricted securities held in your name and maintained at the Company and or Affiliate pursuant to such bank account agreement to satisfy any obligation or debt owed by you under this award without your consent. 
 
 5. Tax Withholding and Advice . 
 
 5.1 In General. Subject to Section 5.2, at the time the Grant Notice is executed, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, the Participant hereby authorizes withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to the Participant, and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for, any sums required to satisfy the U.S. federal, state, and local taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan (referred to herein as Tax-Related Items ). 
 
 5.2 Withholding of Taxes. The Company or any Affiliate, as appropriate, shall have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require the Participant to remit an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable Tax-Related Items or to take such other action as may be reasonably necessary to satisfy such Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company and any Affiliate, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following 
 
 (a) withholding from the Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant or 
 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -6- 

(b) withholding from proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting and settlement of the PSUs, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on the Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization) or 
 
 (c) withholding in shares of Common Stock to be issued upon vesting and settlement of the PSUs or 
 
 (d) direct payment from the Participant. 
 
 The Company does not have any duty or obligation to minimize the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items arising from the Award, and, will not be liable to the Participant for any Tax-Related Items arising in connection with the Award. Finally, the Participant shall pay any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or any Affiliate may be required to withhold as a result of his or her participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the shares of Common Stock that may be issued in connection with the settlement of the PSUs if the Participant fails to comply with his or her Tax-Related Items obligations. 
 
 5.3 Tax Advice . The Participant represents, warrants and acknowledges that the Company has made no warranties or representations to the Participant with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement, and the Participant is in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. THE PARTICIPANT UNDERSTANDS THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. THE PARTICIPANT SHOULD CONSULT HIS OR HER OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE UNITS. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
 
 6. Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information . 
 
 The Participant hereby authorizes and directs the Participant s service recipient to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the Data ), the nature and amount of the Participant s compensation and the fact and conditions of the Participant s participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, the Participant s name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number, salary, job title, number of shares of Common Stock held and the details of all Units or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any Affiliate, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a brokerage firm or other third party assisting with administration of the Award or with whom shares of Common Stock acquired upon settlement of this Award or cash from the sale of such shares of Common Stock may be deposited. Furthermore, the Participant acknowledges and understands that the transfer of the Data to the 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -7- 

Company or any Affiliate, or to any third parties is necessary for Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant may at any time withdraw the consents herein, by contacting the Company s stock administration department in writing. The Participant further acknowledges that withdrawal of consent may affect the Participant s ability to realize benefits from the Award, and the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 7. Change in Control . 
 
 In the event of a Change in Control, this Section 7 shall determine the treatment of the Units which have not otherwise become Vested Units. 
 
 7.1 Effect of Change in Control on Award. In the event of a Change in Control which occurs more than 12 months following the Grant Date, the Performance Period shall end on the day immediately preceding the Change in Control (the Adjusted Performance Period ). The number and vesting of Units shall be determined for the Adjusted Performance Period in accordance with the following 
 
 (a) Vested Units. In the Committee s determination of the number of Vested Units for the Adjusted Performance Period, the following modifications shall be made to the components of the Relative Return Factor 
 
 (i) The Company Total Shareholder Return shall be determined as provided by Section 2.2, except that the Average Per Share Closing Price for the thirty (30) trading day period ending on the last day of the Adjusted Performance Period shall be replaced with the price per share of Common Stock to be paid to the holder thereof in accordance with the definitive agreement governing the transaction constituting the Change in Control (or, in the absence of such agreement, the closing price per share of Common Stock as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market for the last trading day of the Adjusted Performance Period), adjusted to reflect an assumed reinvestment, as of the applicable ex-dividend date, of all cash dividends and other cash distributions (excluding cash distributions resulting from share repurchases or redemptions by the Company) paid to shareholders during the Adjusted Performance Period, as illustrated in Section 2.2. 
 
 (ii) The Benchmark Index Total Return shall be determined as provided by Section 2.2, except that for the purposes of clause (a) thereof, the Average Closing Index Value shall be determined for the 30 trading day period ending on the last day of the Adjusted Performance Period. 
 
 (b) Vested Units. As of the last day of the Adjusted Performance Period and provided that the Participant has not Termination of Continuous Service prior to such date, a portion of the Units determined in accordance with Section 7.1(a) shall become Vested Units (the Accelerated Units ), with such portion determined by multiplying the total number of Units by a fraction, the numerator of which equals the number of days contained in the Adjusted Performance Period and the denominator of which equals the number of days contained in the original Performance Period determined without regard to this Section. The Accelerated 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -8- 

Units shall be settled in accordance Section 4 immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control. 
 
 7.2 Involuntary Termination Upon or Following Change in Control. If Section 7.1 does not apply, in the event that upon or within twelve (12) months following the consummation of the Change in Control (but no earlier than the twelve month anniversary of the Grant Date), the Participant experiences an Involuntary Termination, the Units determined in accordance with Section 7.1(a) (as if Section 7.1 applied) shall be deemed Vested Units effective as of the date of the Participant s Involuntary Termination and shall be settled in accordance with Section 4, treating the date of the Participant s Termination of Continuous Service as the Vesting Date, provided that payment for each Vested Unit shall be made in the amount and in the form of the consideration (whether stock, cash, other securities or property or a combination thereof) to which a holder of a share of Common Stock on the effective date of the Change in Control was entitled (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock). 
 
 7.3 Internal Revenue Code Section 280G . Notwithstanding any provision of this Award Agreement to the contrary, in the event that it would be more likely than not that all or a portion of any benefit payment under this Award Agreement, alone or together with any other compensation or benefit payable to Participant, will be a non-deductible expense to the Company by reason of Code Section 280G, the Company shall reduce, but not less than zero, the benefits payable under this Award Agreement or the Plan as necessary to avoid the application of Section 280G. 
 
 8. Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure . 
 
 The number of Units awarded pursuant to this Award Agreement is subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11(a) of the Plan and otherwise is subject to Section 11(c) of the Plan, to the extent such section does not contradict Section 7 of this Award Agreement. Upon the occurrence of an event described in Plan Section 11(a), any and all new, substituted or additional securities or other property to which a holder of a share of Common Stock issuable in settlement of the Award would be entitled shall be immediately subject to the Award Agreement and included within the meaning of the terms shares of Common Stock for all purposes of the Award. The Participant shall be notified of such adjustments and such adjustments shall be binding upon the Company and the Participant. 
 
 9. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . 
 
 9.1 The Participant s rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with the Units are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit the Participant to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting the Units, the Participant expressly acknowledges that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Units or other Awards to the Participant. The Units are not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of the Participant s normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of the 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -9- 

Participant s salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
 
 9.2 Neither the Plan nor the Units shall be deemed to give the Participant a right to remain an Employee, Director or Consultant of the Company or any Affiliate. The Company reserves the right to terminate the employment or service of the Participant at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and the Participant s written employment or consulting agreement (or similar agreement) (if any), and the Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, this Award, Units or any other outstanding Award that is forfeited and or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
 
 10. Rights as a Shareholder . 
 
 The Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock which may be issued in settlement of this Award until the date of the issuance of such share of Common Stock under this Award Agreement (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment shall be made for dividends, dividend equivalents, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 8. 
 
 11. Miscellaneous Provisions . 

11.1 Clawback. In consideration of the grant of this Award, you agree that this Award is subject to any clawback under Section 15 of the Plan and the Company s Compensation Clawback Policy (or any successor policy, the Policy adopted by the Board and in effect from time to time, as permitted by law. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these terms and conditions in any way limits the rights of the Company and or an Affiliate under the Policy. 
 
 11.2 Amendment. The Committee may amend this Award Agreement at any time provided, however, that no such amendment may adversely affect the Participant s rights under this Award Agreement without the consent of the Participant, except to the extent such amendment is necessary to comply with applicable law, including, but not limited to, Code Section 409A. No amendment or addition to this Award Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties to this Award Agreement. 
 
 11.3 Nontransferability of the Award. Prior to the issuance of shares of Common Stock on the applicable Settlement Date, no right or interest of the Participant in the Award nor any shares of Common Stock issuable on settlement of the Award shall be in any manner pledged, encumbered, or hypothecated to or in favor of any party other than the 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -10- 

Company or shall become subject to any lien, obligation, or liability of such Participant to any other party other than the Company. Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, no Award shall be assigned, transferred or otherwise disposed of other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. All rights with respect to the Award shall be exercisable during the Participant s lifetime only by the Participant or the Participant s guardian or legal representative. 
 
 11.4 Further Instruments. The parties hereto agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may reasonably be necessary to carry out the intent of this Award Agreement. 
 
 11.5 Binding Effect. This Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and, subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, be binding upon the Participant and the Participant s heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 
 11.6 Notices. Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Participant shall be in writing and addressed to the Participant at the address maintained for the Participant in the Company s records or at the address of the local office of the Company or Affiliate at which the Participant works. 
 
 11.7 Construction of Award Agreement. The Grant Notice, this Award Agreement, and the Units evidenced hereby (i) are made and granted pursuant to the Plan and are in all respects limited by and subject to the terms of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of Participant s Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan, and (ii) constitute the entire agreement between the Participant and the Company on the subject matter hereof and supersede all proposals, written or oral, and all other communications between the parties related to the subject matter. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of Participant s Award and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. The headings of the Sections in this Award Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part of this Award Agreement or to affect the meaning of this Award Agreement. 
 
 11.8 Governing Law. The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. without regard to the conflict-of-laws rules thereof or of any other jurisdiction. 
 
 11.9 Section 409A. 
 
 (a) Compliance with Code Section 409A. It is intended that the Performance Share Units granted hereunder be exempt from or comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A, so that none of the Units, or the resulting shares of Common Stock or compensation, if any, shall be subject to the additional tax imposed by Section 409A. The 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -11- 

vesting and settlement of such Units are intended to qualify for the short-term deferral exemption from Code Section 409A. Each installment of Units that vests is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). As such, each eligible Vested Unit shall be settled, per the terms of the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Award Agreement, within the short-term deferral period, as defined in Code Section 409A, the applicable Treasury Regulations and related guidance issued thereunder. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, this Award Agreement, the Grant Notice or the Plan 
 (i) The Plan, this Award Agreement and the Grant Notice shall be interpreted in accordance with, and incorporate the terms and conditions required by, Code Section 409A and any Department of Treasury regulations and other applicable guidance issued thereunder (including any regulations or guidance that may be issued after the date hereof), and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted to so comply. 
 (ii) The Company reserves the right, to the extent the Company deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally amend or modify the Plan and or this Award Agreement to ensure that the Units qualify for exemption from, comply with or otherwise avoid the imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Code Section 409A provided , however , that the Company makes no representations that the Units will be exempt from Code Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Code Section 409A from applying to the Units. 
 (b) Separation from Service Required Delay in Payment to Specified Employee. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, no amount payable pursuant to this Award Agreement on account of the Participant s Termination of Continuous Service which constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A shall be paid unless and until the Participant has incurred a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Furthermore, to the extent that the Participant is a Specified Employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A as of the date of the Participant s separation from service, no amount that constitutes a deferral of compensation which is payable on account of the Participant s separation from service that would result in the imposition of additional tax under Code Section 409A if issued to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following Participant s separation from service shall be paid to the Participant before the date (the Delayed Payment Date which is the first day of the seventh month after the date of the Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, ten (10) days following the date of the Participant s death following such separation from service. All such amounts that would, but for this Section, become payable prior to the Delayed Payment Date will be accumulated and paid on the Delayed Payment Date. 
 
 11.10 Restrictions on Contracts and Payments for Insured Depository Institutions in Troubled Status . The parties acknowledge and agree that while the restrictions contained in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, Section 18(k) 12 U.S.C. 1828(k) , relating to contracts for and payment of executive compensation and benefits by insured depository institutions in troubled condition, do not currently apply to the Company or the Participant, such provisions could apply in the future. In the event that any such restrictions or any 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -12- 

contractual arrangement with or required by a regulatory authority require the Company to seek or demand repayment or return of any payments made to the Participant under this Award Agreement and the Plan for any reason, the Participant agrees to repay to the Company the aggregate amount of such payments no later than thirty (30) days following the Participant s receipt of a written notice from the Company indicating that payments received by the Participant under this Award Agreement and the Plan are subject to recapture or clawback. 
 
 11.11 Administration. The Committee shall have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee or the Board in good faith shall be final and binding upon the Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Committee or the Board shall be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan, this Award Agreement or the Units. 
 11.12 Counterparts. The Grant Notice may be executed in counterparts, including execution by facsimile, pdf or other electronic transmission, which, when taken together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 11.13 Severability. If all or any part of this Award Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Award Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Award Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -13- 

APPENDIX A 
 
 ILLUSTRATION OF RELATIVE RETURN FACTOR AND RESULTING NUMBER OF VESTED UNITS 
 
 Percentage Point Difference of Company TSR Over Under Benchmark Index Total Return Relative Return Factor Vested Units (Per 1,000 Target Units) 25 and Over 150 1,500 20 140 1,400 15 130 1,300 10 120 1,200 9 118 1,180 8 116 1,160 7 114 1,140 6 112 1,120 5 110 1,010 4 108 1,080 3 106 1,060 2 104 1,040 1 102 1,020 0 100 1,000 -1 98 980 -2 96 960 -3 94 940 -4 92 920 -5 90 900 -6 88 880 -7 86 860 -8 84 840 -9 82 820 -10 80 800 -15 70 700 -20 60 600 -25 50 500 -25 and less 0 0 

2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -14- 

APPENDIX A (CONTINUED) 
 
 ILLUSTRATIONS OF CALCULATION OF VESTED UNITS 
 PER 1,000 TARGET UNITS 
 
 Company Total Shareholder Return Exceeds Benchmark Index Total Return 

Assumptions 

Target Number of Units 

1,000 
 TCBK 

Average Per Share Closing Price (beginning) 
 
 25.00 
 Average Per Share Closing Price (ending) 
 
 30.00 

KBW Regional Banking Index 

Average Closing Index Value (beginning) 
 
 80.00 
 Average Closing Index Value (ending) 
 
 90.00 

Computations 

Company Total Shareholder Return 
 ((30.00 25.00) - 1) x 100 
 20.0 

Benchmark Index Total Return 
 ((90.00 80.00) - 1) x 100 
 12.5 

Relative Return Factor 
 100 + (2.0 x (20.0 12.5)) 
 115.0 

Vested Units 
 1,000 x 115.0 
 1,150 

2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -15- 

APPENDIX A (CONTINUED) 
 
 ILLUSTRATIONS OF CALCULATION OF VESTED UNITS 
 PER 1,000 TARGET UNITS 
 
 Company Total Shareholder Return Is Less Than Benchmark Index Total Return 

Assumptions 

Target Number of Units 

1,000 
 TCBK 

Average Per Share Closing Price (beginning) 
 
 25.00 
 Average Per Share Closing Price (ending) 
 
 30.00 

KBW Regional Banking Index 

Average Closing Index Value (beginning) 
 
 80.00 
 Average Closing Index Value (ending) 
 
 100.00 

Computations 

Company Total Shareholder Return 
 ((30.00 25.00) - 1) x 100 
 20.0 

Benchmark Index Total Return 
 ((100.00 80.00) - 1) x 100 
 25.0 

Relative Return Factor 
 100 + (2.0 x (20.0 25.0)) 
 90.0 

Vested Units 
 1,000 x 90.0 
 900 

2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -16- 

Appendix B to Performance Award Agreement 
 Termination of Employment 
 Except as explicitly set forth under Section 3 - Vesting of the Award Agreement and this Appendix B , any unvested PSU outstanding under this Award will be cancelled effective on the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason. 
 Subject to these terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, Sections 4.5 Right to Set Off and Section 11.1 - Clawback in the Award Agreement, and the Sections Your Obligations and Additional Conditions Precedent in this Appendix B ), however, a portion of your PSUs will be eligible to continue vesting as if you were still employed by the Company or an Affiliate through the Vesting Date if the following circumstances apply to you 
 Retirement Full Career Eligibility 
 Your PSUs under this Award may be eligible for continued vesting upon your qualified retirement if the Chief Executive Officer (or, if you are the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Committee or its nominee) determines, in their sole discretion, that 
 you voluntarily terminated your Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate, and 
 you had completed at least six (6) years of Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate immediately preceding your termination date, and 
 your age on your date of termination equaled or exceeded sixty-two (62) and 
 you provided at least nine (9) months advance written notice to the Company of your intention to voluntarily terminate your employment under this provision, during which notice period you provided such services as requested by the Company and or an Affiliate in a cooperative and professional manner and you did not perform any services for any other employer, and 
 continued vesting shall be appropriate, which determination shall be made prior to you termination and will be based on your performance and conduct (before and after providing notice), and 
 you satisfied the Release Confirmation Requirements set forth below. 
 After receipt of such advance written notice, the Company and or an Affiliate may choose to have you continue to provide services during such nine (9) month period as a condition to continued vesting or may, in its sole discretion, elect to shorten the length of the nine (9) month period to a date no earlier than the date you would otherwise meet the age and service requirements. 
 Portion of Your PSUs Subject to Continued Vesting Following Retirement 
 If you meet the requirements of this Appendix B , the number of PSUs under this Award that will be eligible to continue vesting following the termination of your Continuous Service, if any, will be a percentage of the PSUs that would have vested if your Continuous Service had continued through the Vesting Date (as determined in accordance with the Award Agreement and 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -17- 

Appendix A based on your years of Continuous Service preceding your Termination of Continuous Service, as follows 
 0 if you have at least 5 or less years of Continuous Service, 
 20 if you have at least 6 but less than 7 years of Continuous Service, 
 40 if you have at least 7 but less than 8 years of Continuous Service, 
 60 if you have at least 8 but less than 9 years of Continuous Service, 
 80 if you have at least 9 but less than 10 years of Continuous Service, or 
 100 if you have 10 or more years of Continuous Service. 
 There is no pro rata credit for partial years of Continuous Service. 
 The portion of your Award that is subject to continued vesting upon your qualifying retirement is referred to as the CV Award. Any portion of your Award that does not continue to vest hereunder will, upon the date of your Termination of Continuous Service, be immediately cancelled and forfeited as of such date without any payment or other consideration therefor. 
 So, for example, if you have 7.5 years of Continuous Service immediately preceding your Termination of Continuous Service and the Committee determines that, based on the degree of achievement of the Performance Measures and the terms of Appendix A , the number of vested PSUs under your Award would be 110 PSUs, then you would be entitled to 44 PSUs (i.e., 40 of 110 PSUs), subject to potential adjustment described in this Appendix B . 
 Release Confirmation 
 To qualify for continued vesting after your Termination of Continuous Service as described in this Appendix B 
 you must timely execute and deliver a release of claims in favor of the Company and its Affiliates, having such form and terms as the Company shall specify within 30 days of the termination of your Continuous Service, 
 prior to the termination of your Continuous Service, you must confirm with management that you meet the eligibility criteria (including providing at least nine (9) months advance written notification), advise that you are seeking to be treated as an individual eligible for Retirement Full Career Eligibility , and receive written consent to such continued vesting, and 
 in all cases, complied with all other terms of the Award Agreement. (See section captioned Your Obligations .) 
 Your Obligations 
 In consideration of the grant of this CV Award, you agree to comply with and be bound by the obligations set forth below next to the subsections captioned --Confidentiality & Non-Solicitation , --False Statements , --Cooperation , --Compliance with Award Agreement and --Notice Period. 
 Confidentiality & Non-Solicitation 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -18- 

You will not, either during your Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate or thereafter, directly or indirectly use or disclose to anyone any Confidential Information (as defined herein) related to the Company and or an Affiliate s business or its customers except as explicitly permitted by the TriCo Bancshares Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Policy (as amended or replaced from time to time, the Code of Conduct and applicable policies or law or legal process. Confidential Information includes but is not limited to (i) information received by the Company and or an Affiliate from third parties under confidential conditions (ii) intellectual property and trade secrets, technical, product, business, financial, or development information from the Company and or an Affiliate, the use or disclosure of which reasonably might be construed to be contrary to the interest of the Company and or an Affiliate or (iii) other proprietary information or data, including, but not limited to, customer lists and information. In addition, following your termination of employment, you will not, without prior written authorization, access the Company and or an Affiliate s private and internal information through telephonic, intranet or internet means. 
 If you are required by law or requested to provide information to any private party, including the news media, related to your or anyone else s employment with the Company and or an Affiliate, you will, in advance of providing any response (to the extent lawfully permitted), and within five days of receiving any such legal demand or request, provide written notice to the Company and or an Affiliate. Additionally, you agree to cooperate with the Company and or an Affiliate in connection with the request for such information to the extent lawfully permitted. 
 False Statements 
 You will not, either during your Continuous Service with the Company and or an Affiliate or thereafter, make any untrue statements, such that they are made with knowledge of their falsity or with reckless disregard for their truth or falsity, about the Company and or an Affiliate, its employees, officers, directors or shareholders as a group in verbal, written, electronic or any other form. 
 Cooperation 
 You will cooperate with any Company and or Affiliate investigation, inquiry, or litigation, and provide full and accurate information to the Company and or an Affiliate and its counsel with respect to any matter that relates to issues or events about which you may have knowledge or information, subject to reimbursement for actual, appropriate and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by you. 
 Compliance with Award Agreement 
 You will provide the Company and or an Affiliate with any information reasonably requested to determine compliance with the Award Agreement, and you authorize the Company and or an Affiliate to disclose the terms of the Award Agreement to any third party who might be affected thereby, including your prospective employer. 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -19- 

Additional Conditions Precedent 
 Detrimental Conduct, Risk Related and Other Cancellation Recapture 
 In addition to the cancellation provisions described under Sections 4.5 - Right to Set Off and 11.1 - Clawback in the Award Agreement, up to 100 of continued vesting of your PSUs under this CV Award is further subject to the condition that neither the Company nor an Affiliate in its sole discretion determines that 
 o Any of the following detrimental and risk-related conduct has occurred 
 you engaged in conduct detrimental to the Company and or an Affiliate insofar as it causes material financial or reputational harm to the Company and or an Affiliate or its business activities, or 
 this CV Award was based on materially inaccurate performance metrics, whether or not you were responsible for the inaccuracy, or 
 this CV Award was based on a material misrepresentation by you, or 
 you improperly or with gross negligence failed to identify, raise or assess, in a timely manner and as reasonably expected, risks and or concerns with respect to risks material to the Company and or an Affiliate or its business activities, or 
 your Continuous Service was terminated for Cause (as defined herein) or, in the case of a determination after the termination of your employment, that your Continuous Service could have been terminated for Cause, or 
 o you have failed to comply with any of the advance notice cooperation requirements or employment restrictions applicable to your termination of employment, or 
 o you have failed to sign and return the release described under the section captioned Release Confirmation by the specified deadline, or 
 o you have violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations . 
 The term Cause, has the meaning set forth in the Award Agreement, but for purposes of this Appendix B also includes your willful, continued and unreasonable failure to perform your duties or obligations under this Appendix B . 
 Performance Assessment 
 Up to 75 of your CV Award may be cancelled if the Chief Executive Officer of the Company determines in his or her sole discretion that cancellation of up to 75 of the CV Award is appropriate in light of either or both of the following factors 
 o Your performance in relation to the priorities for your position have been unsatisfactory for a sustained period of time, or 
 o Your conduct is not consistent with the Company s expectations as document in the Code of Conduct or the applicable ethics and conduct sections of the Company s and or Affiliate s Employee Handbook. 
 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -20- 

Any determination above with respect to these performance provisions is subject to ratification by the Committee. In the case of an award to the Chief Executive Officer, all such determinations shall be made by the Committee and ratified by the Board. 
 
 Company Performance 
 
 If the Company s pre-tax provision income is negative for any of the four calendar quarters immediately preceding the date of the termination of your Continuous Service, then (1) only 25 of such portion of your CV Award shall be eligible for vesting on the Vesting Date and (2) the remaining 75 of such portion of your CV award shall be automatically canceled and forfeited. 
 
 Recovery 
 In addition, you may be required to pay the Company and or an Affiliate up to an amount equal to the fair market value (determined as of the Vesting Date) of the gross number of shares of Common Stock previously distributed under this CV Award as follows 
 o Payment may be required with respect to any shares of Common Stock distributed within the three year period prior to a notice-of-recovery under this section, if the Company and or an Affiliate in its sole discretion determines that 
 you committed a fraudulent act, or engaged in knowing and willful misconduct related to your employment, or 
 you violated any of the provisions as set forth above in the section captioned Your Obligations , or 
 you violated the restrictions and conditions set forth in this Appendix B following the termination of your employment. 
 Notice-of-recovery under this subsection is a written (including electronic) notice from the Company and or an Affiliate to you either requiring payment under this subsection or stating that the Company is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection. Without limiting the foregoing, notice-of-recovery will be deemed provided if the Company makes a good faith attempt to provide written (including electronic) notice at your last known address maintained in the Company s and or an Affiliate s employment records. For the avoidance of doubt, a notice-of-recovery that the Company is evaluating requiring payment under this subsection shall preserve the Company s rights to require payment as set forth above in all respects and the Company shall be under no obligation to complete its evaluation other than as the Company may determine in its sole discretion. 
 For purposes of this subsection, shares of Common Stock distributed under this CV Award include shares of Common Stock withheld for tax purposes. However, it is the Company s intention that you only be required to pay the amounts under this subsection with respect to shares of Common Stock that are or may be received by you following a determination of tax liability and that you will not be required to pay amounts with respect to shares of Common Stock representing irrevocable tax withholdings or tax payments previously made (whether by you or the Company and or an Affiliate) that you 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -21- 

will not be able to recover, recapture or reclaim (including as a tax credit, refund or other benefit). Accordingly, the Company will not require you to pay any amount that the Company or its nominee in his or her sole discretion determines is represented by such withholdings or tax payments. 
 Payment may be made in shares of Common Stock or in cash. You agree that any repayment will be a lawful recovery under the terms and conditions of your Award Agreement and is not to be construed in any manner as a penalty. 
 Nothing in the section in any way limits your obligations under Section 11.1 - Clawback in the Award Agreement. 
 Right to an Injunction 
 You acknowledge that a violation or attempted violation of any of the provisions set forth in Your Obligations set forth herein will cause immediate and irreparable damage to the Company and or an Affiliate, and therefore agree that the Company and or an Affiliate shall be entitled as a matter of right to an injunction, from any court of competent jurisdiction, restraining any violation or further violation of any of the provisions set forth in Your Obligations such right to an injunction, however, shall be cumulative and in addition to whatever other remedies the Company and or an Affiliate may have under law or equity. 
 Suspension of Vesting 
 To the extent provided under Section 11.2 Amendment in the Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to suspend vesting of the CV Award and or distribution of shares of Common Stock under the CV Award, including, without limitation, during any period that the Company is evaluating whether the CV Award is subject to cancellation and or recovery and or whether the conditions for distributions of shares of Common Stock under the CV Award are satisfied. The Company is not responsible for any price fluctuations during any period of suspension and, if applicable, suspended units will be reinstated consistent with Plan administration procedures. See Section 10 - Rights as a Shareholder in the Award Agreement. 
 Limitation on Restrictions and Conditions 
 Nothing in this Appendix B precludes you from reporting to the Company and or an Affiliate s management or directors, the government, a regulator, a self-regulatory agency, your attorneys or a court, conduct you believe to be in violation of the law or concerns of any known or suspected Code of Conduct violation. It is also not intended to prevent you from responding truthfully to questions or requests from the government, a regulator or in a court of law. 
 
 2024 Exec PSU Grant Notice Agreement for 2019 Plan - Final -22- 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 tcbk-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification of CEO 
 I, Richard P. Smith, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of TriCo Bancshares 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Richard P. Smith Richard P. Smith President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 tcbk-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification of CFO 
 I, Peter G. Wiese, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of TriCo Bancshares 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Peter G. Wiese Peter G. Wiese Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 tcbk-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of CEO 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of TriCo Bancshares (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard P. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. s Richard P. Smith Richard P. Smith President and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to TriCo Bancshares and will be retained by TriCo Bancshares and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 tcbk-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of CFO 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of TriCo Bancshares (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Peter G. Wiese, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company s Peter G. Wiese Peter G. Wiese Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to TriCo Bancshares and will be retained by TriCo Bancshares and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 tcbk-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 tcbk-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 tcbk-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 tcbk-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 tcbk-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

