<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1946997_0001946997-24-000117.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5942170</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>122743</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1113308</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1691985</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1566541</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1357602</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001946997-24-000117.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114142853
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001946997-24-000117
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EQT Exeter Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001946997
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				884108741
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-273163
		FILM NUMBER:		241460430

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FIVE RADNOR CORPORATE CENTER
		STREET 2:		100 MATSONFORD ROAD SUITE 250
		CITY:			RADNOR
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6108283200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FIVE RADNOR CORPORATE CENTER
		STREET 2:		100 MATSONFORD ROAD SUITE 250
		CITY:			RADNOR
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EQT Exeter Real Estate Income Trust Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220916

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001946997-24-000117.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 eqt-20240930.htm
 10-Q

eqt-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act : 
 Title of each class 
 Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 I ndicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 As of November 14, 2024, the registrant had the following shares of common stock outstanding: shares of Class I common stock, shares of Class A-I common stock and shares of Class E common stock. There were no shares of Class T common stock, Class S common stock, Class D common stock and Class A-II common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended S eptem ber 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 Consolidated Statements of Changes in (Deficit) Equity and Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest (unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 6 
 ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 22 
 ITEM 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 32 
 ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 33 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 34 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 34 
 ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 34 
 ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 35 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 35 
 ITEM 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 35 
 ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 
 36 
 SIGNATURES 
 39 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 EQT Exeter Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 September 30, 2024 (unaudited) December 31, 2023 Assets Investments in real estate, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Real estate related intangibles, net Deferred offering expenses Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and (Deficit) Equity Mortgage notes, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to affiliates Total Liabilities Redeemable non-controlling interest (Deficit) Equity Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized and shares of Class A liquidation preference per share, callable prior to December 31, 2024 at redemption premium per share) issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class T Shares, par value per share, authorized and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class S Shares, par value per share, authorized and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class D Shares, par value per share, authorized and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class I Shares, par value per share, authorized and shares and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class A-I Shares, par value per share, and shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class A-II Shares, par value per share, and shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class E Shares, par value per share, shares authorized and shares and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (including unvested restricted shares) 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total (Deficit) Equity ) Total Liabilities, Redeemable non-controlling interest and (Deficit) Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 1 

EQT Exeter Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Revenues Rental revenue Expenses Rental property operating expenses General and administrative expenses Organization expenses Depreciation and amortization Total Expenses Other Income/(expense) Interest income Interest expense ) ) Total other income/(expense) ) ) Net Income/(loss) ) ) ) Dividends to preferred stockholders ) ) ) ) Adjust redeemable non-controlling interest to redemption value ) ) Net income/(loss) attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders Net loss per share of common stock - basic and diluted Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding - basic and diluted 
 
 There were no operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

EQT Exeter Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in (Deficit) Equity and Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Stock Preferred Stock Class A Shares Amount Additional Paid- In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Equity (Deficit) Redeemable Non-controlling Interest Balance at January 1, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) ) Stock based compensation Contribution from redeemable non-controlling interest Adjust redeemable non-controlling interest to redemption value ) ) Offering expenses ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Stock based compensation Contribution from redeemable non-controlling interest Distributions to redeemable non-controlling interest ) Adjust redeemable non-controlling interest to redemption value ) ) Distribution reinvestment Preferred stock dividend ) ) Distributions declared on common stock ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Issuance of common stock Offering expenses ) ) Adjust redeemable non-controlling interest to redemption value ) ) Stock based compensation Contribution from redeemable non-controlling interest Distribution reinvestment Distributions declared on common stock ) ) Distributions to redeemable non-controlling interest ) Issuance of restricted stock awards ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

3 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock Class A Shares Amount Additional Paid- In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Equity Balance at January 1, 2023 ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of preferred stock Preferred stock dividend ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) Stock based compensation Issuance of restricted stock awards ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

EQT Exeter Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY/ (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities Depreciation and amortization Straight-line rent amortization ) Non-cash compensation expense Amortization of deferred financing costs Change in assets and liabilities Other assets ) Due to affiliates Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities ) CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisitions of real estate ) Net cash used in investing activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from mortgage notes Payment of deferred financing costs on mortgage notes ) Contributions from redeemable non-controlling interest Payment of deposit ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock Proceeds from issuance of common stock Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) Distributions paid on common stock ) Distributions paid on redeemable non-controlling interest ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Non-cash investing and financing activity Accrued offering expenses due to affiliates Other accrued costs due to affiliates Accrued acquisition costs Accrued deferred financing costs Working capital assumed Distribution reinvestment Distributions accrued and not paid redeemable non-controlling interest Distributions accrued and not paid common stock 
 
 There were no operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

EQT Exeter Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 
 
 1. 
 industrial properties. 

2. 
 
 6 

The Company may at times have bank balances in excess of federally insured amounts. As of September 30, 2024, the Company held of cash equivalents and did hold any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company held of restricted cash and did hold any restricted cash as of December 31, 2023. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company recorded net deferred financing costs of and did record any deferred financing costs as of December 31, 2023. 

Valuation of assets and liabilities not measured at fair value 
 The fair values of financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable and other financial instruments, included in other assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities approximate their respective carrying values at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 The carrying amount of the Company s mortgage notes approximate fair value as of September 30, 2024. There were no mortgage notes outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 
 7 

years Lease intangibles and leasehold improvements Lease term 
 
 8 

-month period following March 19, 2025. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Adviser and its affiliates have incurred organization and offering expenses on the Company s behalf of and , respectively, related to the Offering and private offerings. The Company recorded such advances on its Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of Due to affiliates. 
 
 of deferred offering expenses on its Consolidated Balance Sheets. These costs are charged to equity as shares are sold in the offerings. 
 million and (ii) March 19, 2025, which is the first anniversary of the date the Company broke escrow for the Offering, at which point the Company will reimburse the Adviser for all such advanced general and administrative expenses ratably over the months following such date. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Adviser has advanced and , respectively. The Company recorded such advances on its Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of Due to affiliates. 

9 

3. 
 Land and land improvements Total Accumulated depreciation ) Investment in real estate, net 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company acquired and real estate investments, respectively. 
 
 On March 20, 2024, the Company, through an indirect subsidiary, acquired a manufacturing and distribution warehouse facility in Georgetown, Texas (the "Georgetown Property"). On August 14, 2024, the Company, through an indirect subsidiary, acquired a bulk distribution warehouse facility in Middletown, Pennsylvania (the "Middletown Property"). On August 15, 2024, the Company, through an indirect subsidiary, acquired a bulk industrial facility in Portland, Tennessee (the Nashville Property ). 
 
 Land and land improvements In-place lease intangibles Tenant origination costs Total purchase price Working capital assumed ) ) Unpaid acquisition costs ) ) ) Net purchase price 
 
 10 

4. 
 have any intangibles as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Tenant origination costs Accumulated amortization: In-place lease intangibles ) Tenant origination costs ) Real estate related intangibles, net 
 
 The intangible assets associated with the properties are amortized over the remaining lease terms. As a result, the Company's real estate related intangibles have a weighted average amortization period of approximately years remaining. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter 
 
 5. 
 Prepaid expenses Other (1) 
 Other Assets 
 
 (1) Included in other assets is a million deposit with a financial institution that is refundable at September 30, 2024 based on the terms of the loan application. 

6. 
 
 million secured by the Middletown Property (the Middletown Mortgage Loan ). 
 11 

mortgage loan with State Farm, an unaffiliated lender, for borrowings of up to million (as subsequently supplemented, the State Farm Portfolio Mortgage Loan ). As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal balance of the State Farm Portfolio Mortgage Loan was million. 
 
 mortgage notes outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 
 September 30, 2024 Principal Balance Outstanding Indebtedness Weighted Average Interest Rate Weighted Average Maturity Date September 30, 2024 Fixed rate mortgage notes 4/14/2033 Total loans secured by real estate Deferred financing costs, net ) Mortgage notes, net 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total future principal payments 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized interest expense of related to its outstanding mortgage notes, which includes amortization of deferred financing costs of . There was interest expense recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The Company is subject to various financial covenants under certain of its mortgage notes. These covenants require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios, including net worth and liquidity, among others. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all of its loan covenants that could result in a default under such agreements. 
 
 7. 
 Advanced general and administrative expenses Due to Exeter Property Group Advisors, LLC Property management fee Total Due to Affiliates 
 
 The Company and EQRT OP entered into an amended and restated advisory agreement with the Adviser on March 19, 2024, which was renewed on July 31, 2024. Pursuant to the advisory agreement, the Adviser is responsible for sourcing, evaluating and monitoring the Company s investment opportunities and making decisions related to the acquisition, 
 12 

of the aggregate NAV represented by the Company s Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, of the aggregate NAV represented by the Company's Class A-I shares and of the aggregate NAV represented by the Company's Class A-II shares. Additionally, to the extent that EQRT OP issues EQRT OP units to parties other than the Company, EQRT OP will pay the Adviser a management fee equal to of the aggregate NAV of EQRT OP units not held by the Company per annum, payable monthly in arrears. management fee will be paid with respect to Class E shares or Class E units of EQRT OP. The management fee will be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash, Class E shares of common stock, or Class E units of EQRT OP. The Adviser has agreed to waive its management fee for the first six full calendar months following March 19, 2024, the date the Company broke escrow for the Offering. If the Adviser elects to receive any portion of its management fee in Class E shares or Class E units of EQRT OP, the Company may be obligated to repurchase such Class E shares or Class E units from the Adviser at a later date. Such repurchases will be outside the Company s share repurchase plan and thus will not be subject to the repurchase limits of the share repurchase plan or any Early Repurchase Deduction. See Note 10, "Equity and Redeemable Non-controlling Interest--Share Repurchases". 
 So long as the advisory agreement has not been terminated, the Special Limited Partner will hold a performance participation interest in EQRT OP that entitles it to receive an allocation from EQRT OP equal to of the annual Total Return, subject to a annual Hurdle Amount and a High-Water Mark, with a Catch-Up (each term as defined in the EQRT OP Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement). Such allocation will be measured annually and accrued monthly. Class E units of EQRT OP will not be subject to the performance participation allocation. Distributions on the performance participation interest may be distributable in cash or Class E units at the election of the Special Limited Partner. See Note 10, "Equity and Redeemable Non-controlling Interest--Share Repurchases". 
 In addition, EQTE Brokerage LLC, (the Dealer Manager ), an affiliate of the Adviser, serves as the dealer manager for the Offering. The Dealer Manager registered as a broker dealer with the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA on May 16, 2023. The Company entered into an agreement (the Dealer Manager Agreement with the Dealer Manager in connection with the Offering on August 1, 2023. The Dealer Manager also serves as the dealer manager for the Company s private offerings of Class A-I and Class A-II shares to accredited investors as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). 
 
 The Dealer Manager is entitled to receive upfront selling commissions of up to , and upfront dealer manager fees of , of the transaction price of each Class T share sold in the primary offering; however, such amounts may vary for certain selected dealers provided that the sum will not exceed of the transaction price. The Dealer Manager is entitled to receive upfront selling commissions of up to of the transaction price of each Class S share sold in the primary offering. The Dealer Manager is entitled to receive upfront selling commissions of up to of the transaction price of each Class D share sold in the primary offering. The Dealer Manager anticipates that all or a portion of the upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, selected dealers. No upfront selling commissions or dealer manager fees are paid with respect to purchases of Class A-I shares, Class A-II shares, Class I shares, Class E shares or shares of any class sold pursuant to the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 
 Subject to FINRA limitations on underwriting compensation and certain other limitations and subject to the provisions for the conversion of Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares into Class I shares, the Dealer Manager will also receive a distribution fee of , and per annum of the aggregate NAV of the Company s outstanding Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares, respectively. There is distribution fee with respect to Class A-I shares, Class A-II shares, Class I shares or Class E shares. The distribution fees will be paid monthly in arrears. The Dealer Manager will reallow (pay) all or a portion of the distribution fees to selected dealers and servicing broker-dealers, and will rebate distribution fees to the Company to the extent a broker-dealer is not eligible to receive them. The Company will cease paying the distribution fee with respect to any Class T share, Class S share or Class D share held in a stockholder s account at the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager, in conjunction with the transfer agent, determines that total upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and distribution fees paid with respect to the shares held by such stockholder within such account would equal or exceed, in the aggregate, (or a lower limit as set forth in the applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a selected dealer at the time such shares were issued) of the gross proceeds from the sale of such shares and purchased in a primary offering (i.e., an offering other than a distribution reinvestment plan) (collectively, the Fee Limit ). At the end of such month, each such Class T share, Class S share or Class D share in such account (including shares in such account purchased through the distribution reinvestment plan or received as a stock dividend) will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares) with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such share. The Company will accrue the cost of the distribution fee as an offering expense at the time each Class T, Class S and Class D share is sold during the primary offering. 
 13 

periods unless terminated by either party giving the other party notice not less than thirty ) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term. Pursuant to the Property Management Agreements, the Company will pay the Property Manager management fees equal to the lesser of the then-current market rate for services provided and the amount of such fee per the terms of the tenant lease. The Company will pay the Property Manager leasing commissions based on the then-current market rate; provided if the tenant is represented by a broker, the aggregate commissions would be no more than the then-current market rate. The Company w ill reimburse the Property Manager for all reasonable and actual expenditures. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company accrued and of property management fees due to the Property Manager, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, of property management fees remained unpaid to the Property Manager. 
 The Company may retain an affiliate of the Adviser to provide development and construction services for certain properties the Company acquires. In addition, the Company may retain certain of the Adviser s affiliates for necessary services relating to the Company s investments or its operations, including accounting services, valuation support services, account management services, corporate secretarial services, data management services, directorship services, information technology services, finance/ budget services, human resources, judicial processes, legal services, operational services, risk management services, tax services, treasury services, loan management services, property, title and/or other types of insurance and related services, transaction support services, transaction consulting services and other similar operational matters. The Adviser s affiliates may charge fees and expenses to the Company for the provision of such services. EQRT OP may also issue equity incentive compensation to certain employees of such affiliates for services provided. Any compensation paid to the Adviser s affiliates for any such services will not reduce the management fee nor the performance participation allocation. 
 In addition to the organization, offering and general and administrative expense reimbursements described herein (see Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies"), the Company will reimburse the Adviser for out-of-pocket costs and expenses the Adviser incurs in connection with the services it provides to the Company, including, but not limited to, (i) the actual cost of goods and services used by the Company and obtained from third parties, including fees paid to administrators, consultants, attorneys, technology providers and other service providers, and brokerage fees paid in connection with the purchase and sale of investments and securities, and (ii) expenses of managing and operating the Company s properties, whether payable to an affiliate or a non-affiliated person. 
 The Company will not pay the Adviser any acquisition, financing (except interest payments to the lender in cases where the lender is an affiliate of the Adviser) or other similar fees in connection with making investments. The Company will, however, reimburse the Adviser for out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the selection and acquisition of properties and real estate-related securities, whether or not such investments are acquired, and make payments to third parties in connection with making investments. In connection with the Company's acquisition of the Georgetown Property, on March 20, 2024, Middletown Property, on August 14, 2024, and the Nashville Property, on August 15, 2024, the Adviser assigned the respective purchase and sale agreements to the Company's subsidiaries for , and , respectively, representing the deposit amounts under the purchase and sale agreements. The Adviser also advanced in closing costs for the Georgetown Property, in closing costs for the Middletown Property and in closing costs for the Nashville Property. The Company repaid the Adviser for the deposits and all of the closing costs on the respective acquisition dates. 
 On July 11, 2023, the Adviser and EQRT OP entered into an Investment Management Agreement (the Investment Management Agreement with J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc. JP Morgan ). Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, JP Morgan will serve as a sub-advisor to the Adviser and act as the investment manager for the Company s portfolio of short-term investments, which may include real estate-related securities. Under the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, JP Morgan s fee for its services will be paid entirely by the Adviser and not by the Company. 
 
 In addition, see Note 10, "Equity and Redeemable Non-controlling Interest", for information regarding investments in the Company or EQRT OP by the Adviser, an affiliate of the Sponsor and eight officers and employees of the Adviser and its affiliates. 
 14 

8. 
 Variable lease payments Total rental revenue 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter 

9. 
 
 10. 
 and shares of common stock, par value per share, respectively, and up to shares of preferred stock, par value per share, respectively. Of the shares of preferred stock authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, shares were issued and classified as Class A shares. 
 15 

Class A-II Shares Class T Shares Class S Shares Class D Shares Class I Shares Class E Shares (1) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Included in Class E shares issued and outstanding is an aggregate of unvested restricted shares of Class E common stock, par value per share, with a grant date fair value of per share that the Company issued to its independent directors as compensation for their services pursuant to the Company s independent director compensation plan on September 3, 2024. See "Share Based Compensation" below for details. 
 Offerings 
 On August 1, 2023, the Company registered the Offering with the SEC for up to in shares of common stock, consisting of up to in shares in its primary offering and up to in shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan. The Company intends to sell any combination of classes of shares of its common stock in the Offering, Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. The share classes in the Offering have different upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees, and different ongoing distribution fees. The terms of the Offering required the Company to hold investors funds from the Offering in an interest-bearing escrow account until the Company received purchase orders for at least of its common stock or units of EQRT OP in the Offering or in separate private transactions (including purchase orders by the Adviser, the Sponsor, their affiliates and the Company s directors and officers, which purchases were not limited in amount) and the Company s board of directors authorized the release of funds in the escrow account to the Company. On March 19, 2024, EQT Exeter Holdings US, Inc. EQT Exeter Holdings ), an affiliate of the Sponsor, purchased Class E units of EQRT OP for , or per unit. As such, as of March 19, 2024, the Company satisfied the minimum offering requirement for all jurisdictions other than Pennsylvania and the Company s board of directors authorized the Company to break escrow in the Offering. As of August 14, 2024, the Company also satisfied the minimum offering requirement for Pennsylvania. The purchase price per share for each class of common stock in the Offering will vary and will generally equal the Company s prior month s NAV per share, as determined monthly, plus applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. 
 
 The Company is conducting a private offering of its Class A-I shares to accredited investors as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. This private offering is being conducted pursuant to Regulation D and other applicable exemptions. The Company intends to offer Class A-II shares in a separate private offering to accredited investors after the termination of the primary offering of Class A-I shares. The purchase price per share for each class of common stock in the private offerings will vary and will generally equal the Company's prior month's NAV per share, as determined monthly. 
 
 EQT Exeter Holdings has committed to purchase in Class E shares of the Company s common stock or Class E units of EQRT OP, or a combination thereof (the Sponsor Committed Amount provided that EQT Exeter Holdings may invest a smaller amount to the extent the reduction is offset by an investment by other affiliates of the Sponsor and their officers and employees. As of September 30, 2024, EQT Exeter Holdings had purchased Class E units of EQRT OP for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million as part of the Sponsor Committed Amount. 
 
 Class E shares and Class E units are not available for purchase in the Offering. Class E shares and Class E units are only available for purchase in private transactions by (i) the Adviser, the Sponsor and their affiliates, (ii) employees of the Adviser, the Sponsor and their affiliates and (iii) the Company s officers and directors. During the escrow period, the per share purchase price for Class E shares and Class E units was per share or unit. After the close of the escrow period, Class E shares and Class E units are sold at the then-current transaction price, which will generally be the prior month s NAV per share or unit for such class. The Class E shares and Class E units are not subject to any upfront selling 
 16 

investment by the Adviser in exchange for the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock. The Adviser may not sell, transfer or dispose of these shares to any party other than an affiliate of the Adviser while the Sponsor or any affiliate serves as the sponsor to the Company. 
 Distributions 
 
 Distributions are authorized at the discretion of the Company's board of directors, in accordance with its earnings, cash flows and general financial condition. The Company generally intends to distribute substantially all of its REIT taxable income, which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP, to its stockholders each year to comply with the REIT provisions of the Code. 

Preferred Stock 
 On June 9, 2023, the Company issued shares of Class A preferred stock to eight officers and employees of the Adviser and its affiliates at a price of per share. The shares of Class A preferred stock pay a annual dividend and have a per share liquidation preference. The Class A preferred stock may be redeemed at any time in the Company s discretion by payment of per share plus a per share redemption premium in the event of redemption prior to December 31, 2024. The shares of Class A preferred stock have no voting rights and may not be converted into any other class of security. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company's board of directors did declare any dividends on the Class A preferred shares. Cumulative dividends declared on the Class A preferred shares were and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Consolidated Statements of Operations includes of unpaid cumulative dividends on Class A preferred shares for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 that were not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 as the dividends were not declared by the Company's board of directors. These dividends would be payable to holders in December 2024 when and if declared by the board of directors. 
 
 shares of the Company's Class E common stock are available for issuance. The restricted shares of Class E common stock issued pursuant to the Director Compensation Plan vest (i) on the anniversary of the grant date, provided that the independent director remains on the board of directors on such vesting date, or (ii) upon the earlier occurrence of his or her termination of service due to his or her death, disability or, if approved by the board of directors, upon a change of control of the Company or for good reason. 
 
 On September 1, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of restricted shares of Class E common stock to the Company s independent directors as compensation for their services pursuant to the Director Compensation Plan; these restricted shares became fully vested on September 3, 2024, upon the one-year anniversary of the grant date. On September 3, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of restricted shares of Class E common stock to the Company s independent directors as compensation for their services pursuant to the Director Compensation Plan. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorde d and , respectively, of restricted stock amortization in general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded of restricted stock 
 17 

months Granted months Forfeited Vested ) Unvested restricted shares, end of period 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 
 The Company has adopted a distribution reinvestment plan whereby stockholders in the Offering (other than Alabama, Arkansas, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Vermont and Washington investors, and clients of certain selected dealers that do not permit automatic enrollment in the distribution reinvestment plan) will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of the Company s common stock unless they elect to receive their distributions in cash. Alabama, Arkansas, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Vermont and Washington investors in the Offering, and clients of certain selected dealers that do not permit automatic enrollment in the Company s distribution reinvestment plan, will automatically receive their distributions in cash unless they elect to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional shares of the Company s common stock. Investors in Class A-I and Class A-II common stock who purchase shares in private offerings will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of the Company's common stock unless they elect to receive their distributions in cash. Investors in Class E common stock may also elect to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional shares of the Company s common stock. The purchase price for shares purchased under the distribution reinvestment plan will be equal to the most recently disclosed transaction price for such shares at the time of the record date for the distribution. Stockholders will not pay upfront selling commissions or dealer manager fees when purchasing shares under the distribution reinvestment plan; however, all outstanding Class T, Class S and Class D shares, including those purchased under the distribution reinvestment plan, will be subject to ongoing distribution fees. 
 Share Repurchases 
 The Company has adopted a share repurchase plan whereby, on a monthly basis, stockholders may request that the Company repurchase all or any portion of their shares. The Company may choose to repurchase all, some or none of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased at the end of any particular month, in its discretion, subject to a number of limitations in the share repurchase plan. The aggregate NAV of total repurchases of Class A-I, Class A-II, Class T, Class S, Class D, Class I and Class E shares (including repurchases at certain non-U.S. investor access funds primarily created to hold shares of the Company s common stock, if any, but excluding any Early Repurchase Deduction (as defined below) applicable to the repurchased shares) is limited to no more than of the Company s aggregate NAV per month (measured using the aggregate NAV attributable to stockholders as of the end of the immediately preceding month) and no more than of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the average aggregate NAV attributable to stockholders as of the end of the immediately preceding three months). 
 EQT Exeter Holdings and affiliates of the Sponsor and their officers and employees purchasing Class E shares and Class E units in satisfaction of the Sponsor Committed Amount must agree to hold all such shares and units they acquire until the earlier of (i) the first date that the aggregate NAV of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock, along with the EQRT OP units held by parties other than the Company, reaches billion and (ii) March 19, 2027, which is from the date of the initial investment by EQT Exeter Holdings. Following such date, holders of Class E shares and Class E units purchased in connection with the Sponsor Committed Amount may request the Company repurchase such Class E shares or Class E units; provided, that (1) the Company will only process repurchases of such Class E shares or Class E units for cash after all other stockholder repurchase requests have been processed, (2) such repurchases of Class E shares 
 18 

monthly and quarterly limitations on repurchases and (3) upon a repurchase request, EQRT OP will repurchase Class E units for Class E shares or cash (at the holder s election) unless the board of directors of the Company determines that any such repurchase for cash would be prohibited by applicable law or the partnership agreement of EQRT OP, in which case such Class E units will be repurchased for an amount of Class E shares with an aggregate NAV equivalent to the aggregate NAV of such Class E units; provided further, that repurchases of Class E units for cash will be subject to the monthly and quarterly limitations on repurchases in the share repurchase plan treating all outstanding EQRT OP units held by persons other than the Company as having been exchanged for shares of the Company as of the respective monthly and quarterly measurement dates for calculation of the monthly and quarterly limitations under the repurchase plan. For the avoidance of doubt, repurchases of Class E units for Class E shares will not be subject to the requirement that all other stockholder repurchase requests under the share repurchase plan have been processed and will not be subject to the monthly and quarterly limitations on repurchases. Repurchases of Class E shares and Class E units acquired in connection with the Sponsor Committed Amount will not be subject to the Early Repurchase Deduction. 
 Shares held by the Adviser acquired as payment of the Adviser s management fee will not be subject to the share repurchase plan, including with respect to any repurchase limits or the Early Repurchase Deduction, and will not be included in the calculation of the Company s aggregate NAV for purposes of the monthly or quarterly limitations on repurchases. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has adopted a policy that requires the affiliated-transactions committee of the Company s board of directors to approve any repurchase request of the Adviser for Class E shares received as payment for the management fee that, when combined with any stockholder repurchase requests submitted through the share repurchase plan, would cause the Company to exceed the monthly or quarterly repurchase limitations of the share repurchase plan. Such approval must find that the repurchase will not impair the Company s capital or operations and is consistent with the fiduciary duties of the Company s independent directors. 
 In addition, holders of Class E units issued in connection with distributions on the performance participation interest may request EQRT OP repurchase such Class E units for Class E shares or cash (at the holder s election) unless the board of directors of the Company determines that any such repurchase for cash would be prohibited by applicable law or the partnership agreement of EQRT OP, in which case such Class E units will be repurchased for an amount of Class E shares with an aggregate NAV equivalent to the aggregate NAV of such Class E units; provided further, that repurchases of Class E units for cash will be subject to the monthly and quarterly limitations on repurchases in the share repurchase plan treating all outstanding EQRT OP units held by persons other than the Company as having been exchanged for shares of the Company as of the respective monthly and quarterly measurement dates for calculation of the monthly and quarterly limitations under the share repurchase plan. In addition, any repurchases of Class E units in respect of distributions on the performance participation interest will not be subject to the Early Repurchase Deduction. 
 Shares would be repurchased at a price equal to the transaction price in effect on the applicable repurchase date, subject to any Early Repurchase Deduction. Shares that have not been outstanding for at least would be repurchased at of the transaction price Early Repurchase Deduction ). The Early Repurchase Deduction will not apply to shares acquired through the Company s distribution reinvestment plan nor will it apply in the following circumstances (subject to the conditions described in the share repurchase plan): repurchases resulting from death, qualifying disability or divorce; in the event that a stockholder s shares are repurchased because the stockholder has failed to maintain the minimum account balance; or due to trade or operational error. Due to the illiquid nature of investments in real estate, the Company may not have sufficient liquid resources to fund repurchase requests and has established limitations on the amount of funds the Company may use for repurchases during any calendar month and quarter. The Company s board of directors may make exceptions to modify or suspend the share repurchase plan if it deems in its reasonable judgment such action to be in the Company s best interest. The Company s board of directors will not terminate the share repurchase plan absent a liquidity event which results in the Company s stockholders receiving cash or securities listed on a national securities exchange or where otherwise required by law. 
 Redeemable non-controlling interest 
 As of September 30, 2024, EQRT OP had issued Class E units to EQT Exeter Holdings for aggregate consideration of . The Company has classified these Class E units as redeemable non-controlling interest in mezzanine equity on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. The redeemable non-controlling interest is recorded at the greater of the carrying amount, adjusted for its share of the allocation of income or loss and dividends, or the redemption value, which is equivalent to fair value, of such EQRT OP units at the end of each measurement period. 
 
 19 

Contributions Offering expenses ) Net loss allocation ) Distributions to non-controlling interest ) Adjustment to redemption value Balance, September 30, 2024 

11. 
 
 12. 
 square foot bulk last mile industrial facility (the Washington Building located on approximately acres of land in Tukwila, Washington (the Washington Land that is subject to a Ground Lease (defined below). The purchase price to acquire the Washington Building and all of the seller s interest in the Ground Lease (together, the Washington Property was million, exclusive of closing costs. 
 
 At closing on October 16, 2024, the seller assigned its interest as a tenant in a ground lease (the Ground Lease for the Washington Land to the Washington Buyer, and the Washington Buyer acquired a leasehold interest in the Washington Land. The initial term of the Ground Lease expires on December 31, 2074, and the Ground Lease has extension options. As of October 16, 2024, the annualized base rent payable by the Washington Buyer to the landlord under the Ground Lease is approximately million. The base rent under the Ground Lease is subject to increases every with the next increase occurring on January 1, 2029. The Ground Lease is an absolute net lease whereby the Washington Buyer is required to pay all taxes, utilities, maintenance, and expenses associated with the Washington Land. 
 
 On August 15, 2024, the Company, through certain of its subsidiaries (collectively, the State Farm Borrowers ), entered into the State Farm Portfolio Mortgage Loan with State Farm, an unaffiliated lender, for borrowings of up to million. On October 16, 2024, in connection with the acquisition of the Washington Property, the Company drew down approximately million under the State Farm Portfolio Mortgage Loan, the Washington Property was added as additional collateral to secure the loan, and the Washington Buyer was added as one of the State Farm Borrowers. As of October 16, 2024, the outstanding principal balance of the State Farm Portfolio Mortgage Loan was approximately million, inclusive of approximately million that is held in an escrow account and is available for funding upon completion of certain tenant improvements at the Nashville Property and subject to the terms and conditions of the loan documents. As of October 16, 2024, the State Farm Portfolio Mortgage Loan was secured by the Washington Property, the Nashville Property and the Georgetown Property. 
 
 Distributions 
 
 On October 31, 2024, the Company declared a distribution of per share for its Class E, Class I and Class A-I common stock and a distribution of per unit for the Class E units of EQRT OP for stockholders and unitholders, respectively, as of the close of business on October 31, 2024. These distributions were paid on November 11, 2024 and were paid in cash or reinvested in shares of the Company's common stock for stockholders participating in the Company's distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 Capital Raising 
 
 20 

Class I shares of common stock in the Offering at a price per share of f or an aggregate purchase price of approximately million. 
 
 On November 1, 2024 , the Company issued Class I shares of common stock in the Offering at a price per share of f or an aggregate purchase price of approximately million. 
 
 On October 1, 2024 , the Company issued Class A-I shares of common stock at a price per share of to accredited investors in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million. 
 
 Class A-I shares of common stock at a price per share of to accredited investors in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 

21 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 References herein to EQRT , the Company, we, us, or our refer to EQT Exeter Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believe", "expect", "anticipate", "estimate", "plan", "continue", "intend", "should", "may" or similar expressions, or the negatives thereof. These may include our financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions, statements about plans, objectives and expectations with respect to future operations, statements with respect to acquisitions, statements regarding future performance and statements regarding identified but not yet closed acquisitions. Such forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and there are or may be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in such statements. We believe these factors also include but are not limited to those described under Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on March 29, 2024 (the "Annual Report") and in supplement no. 8 dated October 23, 2024 to our prospectus dated April 19, 2024, filed with the SEC, and any such updated factors included in our periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this document and our other filings with the SEC. Except as otherwise required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a Maryland corporation formed on September 2, 2022. We were formed to invest primarily in stabilized, income-oriented commercial real estate in the United States in a range of asset types. To a lesser extent, we also plan to invest in real estate related securities to provide a source of liquidity for our share repurchase plan, cash management and other purposes. We are an externally advised, perpetual-life corporation. We are externally managed by Exeter Property Group, LLC (our "Adviser" or "EQT Exeter"), an affiliate of EQT AB (our "Sponsor"). 
 Our investment objectives are to invest in assets that will enable us to: 
 generate current income in the form of regular stable cash distributions to achieve an attractive cash yield; 
 preserve and protect invested capital; 
 provide a source of potential inflation protection and realize appreciation in net asset value from proactive investment management and asset management; and 
 provide an investment alternative for stockholders seeking to allocate a portion of their long-term investment portfolios to commercial real estate with lower volatility than listed public real estate companies. 
 We cannot assure you that we will achieve our investment objectives. In particular, we note that the net asset value NAV of non-traded REITs may be subject to volatility related to the values of their underlying assets, and appraisal-based valuations are estimates of fair value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value. 
 We plan to own all or substantially all of our assets through our operating partnership, EQT Exeter REIT Operating Partnership, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the "Operating Partnership" or "EQRT OP"), of which we are the sole general partner. 
 Our board of directors will at all times have ultimate oversight and policy-making authority over us, including responsibility for governance, financial controls, compliance and disclosure. Pursuant to the advisory agreement among us, the Operating Partnership and our Adviser, however, we have delegated to our Adviser the authority to source, evaluate and monitor our investment opportunities and make decisions related to the acquisition, management, financing and disposition of our assets, in accordance with our investment objectives, guidelines, policies and limitations, subject to oversight by our board of directors. Affiliates of our Adviser also have extensive experience in providing responsive and professional property management and leasing services as well as development and construction services. We have retained and expect to continue to retain an affiliate of our Adviser to provide property management and leasing services for most, if 
 22 

not all, of the properties we acquire and to provide development and construction services as needed. We believe our most compelling potential competitive strength is our relationship with EQT Exeter, a premier investment manager and, of crucial importance, a vertically integrated operator built on the talent and experience of an extensive network of hyper-local real estate professionals. 
 From September 2, 2022 (date of our formation) to March 18, 2024, our activity had been to prepare for our fundraising through our initial public offering of our common stock. We have registered with the SEC an offering of up to 5,000,000,000 in shares of common stock (the "Offering"), consisting of up to 4,000,000,000 in shares in our primary offering and up to 1,000,000,000 in shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. The terms of the Offering required us to hold investors funds from the Offering in an interest-bearing escrow account until we received purchase orders for at least 25,000,000 of our common stock or units of the Operating Partnership in the Offering or in separate private transactions (including purchase orders by the Adviser, the Sponsor, their affiliates and our directors and officers, which purchases were not limited in amount) and our board of directors authorized the release of funds in the escrow account to us. On March 19, 2024, the Operating Partnership issued 6,220,000 Class E units to EQT Exeter Holdings US, Inc. EQT Exeter Holdings ), an affiliate of our Sponsor, for an aggregate purchase price of 62,200,000, or 10.00 per unit. As such, as of March 19, 2024, we satisfied the minimum offering requirement for all jurisdictions other than Pennsylvania and our board of directors authorized us to break escrow in the Offering. As of August 14, 2024, we also satisfied the minimum offering requirement for Pennsylvania. As of November 14, 2024, EQT Exeter Holdings had purchased 19,628,251.459 Class E units of the Operating Partnership for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 197.10 million as part of the Sponsor Committed Amount. See the discussion of the Sponsor Committed Amount under Liquidity and Capital Resources below. 
 As of November 14, 2024, we have sold 106,652.08 Class I shares in the primary portion of the Offering for gross offering proceeds of 1,072,600 and 471.80 Class I shares in the Offering pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan for an approximate total value of 4,731. As of November 14, 2024, we have not sold any Class T, Class S or Class D shares in the Offering. As of November 14, 2024, approximately 4,998,922,669 in shares remain available for sale pursuant to the Offering, including up to approximately 999,995,269 in shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 We are also conducting a private offering of Class A-I shares to accredited investors as defined in Regulation D ("Regulation D") promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. This private offering is being conducted pursuant to Regulation D and other applicable exemptions. As of November 14, 2024, we have sold approximately 993,064.76 Class A-I shares of common stock to accredited investors in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 9.95 million, including shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. We intend to offer Class A-II shares in a separate private offering to accredited investors after the termination of the primary offering of Class A-I shares. 
 
 On March 20, 2024, we acquired our first real estate investment, a 449,642 square foot light manufacturing and distribution warehouse facility on approximately 55 acres of land in Georgetown, Texas (the Georgetown Property ). The Georgetown Property, constructed in 2023, is 100 leased to a single tenant. The purchase price of the Georgetown Property was approximately 60.9 million, exclusive of closing costs. We initially funded the acquisition of the Georgetown Property with proceeds from the initial sale of Class E units of the Operating Partnership to EQT Exeter Holdings. 
 On August 14, 2024, we acquired a 1,219,021 square foot bulk distribution warehouse facility on approximately 196.3 acres of land in Middletown, Pennsylvania (the Middletown Property ). Construction was completed on the Middletown Property in 2023, and the Middletown Property is 100 leased to a single tenant. The purchase price of the Middletown Property was approximately 170.50 million, exclusive of closing costs. We funded the acquisition of the Middletown Property with proceeds from the sale of Class E units of our Operating Partnership to EQT Exeter Holdings and debt financing. 
 On August 15, 2024, we acquired a 638,330 square foot bulk industrial facility on approximately 38.1 acres of land in Portland, Tennessee (the Nashville Property ). Construction was completed on the Nashville Property in 2023, and the Nashville Property is 100 leased to a single tenant. The purchase price of the Nashville Property was 75.00 million, exclusive of closing costs. We funded the acquisition of the Nashville Property with proceeds from the sale of Class E units of our Operating Partnership to EQT Exeter Holdings and debt financing. 
 The number and type of properties or real estate-related securities that we acquire will depend upon real estate market conditions, the amount and timing of offering proceeds we raise and other circumstances existing at the time we acquire 
 23 

such assets. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, we acquired an industrial property in Tukwila, Washington. See Subsequent Events below. 
 We are not aware of any material trends or uncertainties, favorable or unfavorable, other than regional or global economic conditions affecting real estate generally, that may be reasonably anticipated to have a material impact on either capital resources or the revenues or income to be derived from acquiring properties or real estate-related securities, other than those referred to in our Annual Report. 
 Results of Operations 
 
 From September 2, 2022 (date of our formation) to March 18, 2024, our activity had been to prepare for our fundraising through our initial public offering of our common stock and we had not commenced principal operations. As such, comparative results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 have not been presented. 
 
 Rental revenue 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we earned 3,584,159 and 4,712,756 of rental income from our real estate investments, respectively. 
 
 Rental property operating expenses 
 
 Rental property operating expenses consist of the costs of ownership and operation of our real estate investments. Examples of rental property operating expenses include insurance, utilities, real estate taxes and repair and maintenance expenses. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, rental property operating expenses were 430,557 and 490,797, respectively. 
 
 General and administrative expenses and organization expenses 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded 848,215 of general and administrative expenses and no organization expenses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded 2,932,912 of general and administrative expenses and 1,186,955 of organization expenses. General and administrative expenses include but are not limited to audit expenses, legal expenses, transfer agent expenses and fund administration expenses. We do not expect to incur additional material organization expenses in the future as our formation is complete and we have commenced principal operations. For a discussion of our Adviser s support measures, see Liquidity and Capital Resources below. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses are mostly impacted by the fair values assigned to buildings and building improvements, land improvements, in-place lease intangibles and tenant origination costs as part of the initial purchase price allocation of our real estate investments. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded 1,145,357 and 1,654,751 in depreciation and amortization expenses, respectively. 
 
 Interest income 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded 118,548 and 136,768 of interest income, respectively, which consisted of interest earned from a short-term investments account. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded 1,134,803 of interest expense relating to our outstanding mortgage indebtedness, which includes amortization of deferred financing costs of 10,157. 
 
 Adjustment to redeemable non-controlling interest to redemption value 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Operating Partnership had issued 19,628,251 Class E units to EQT Exeter Holdings for aggregate consideration of 197,100,000. We have classified these Class E units as redeemable non-controlling interests in mezzanine equity on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The redeemable non-controlling interest is recorded at the greater of the carrying amount, adjusted for its share of the allocation of income or loss and dividends, or the redemption value, which is equivalent to fair value, of such Operating Partnership units at the end of each measurement period. 
 24 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded 394,792 and 4,145,705, respectively, as an adjustment to the redeemable non-controlling interest to record it at its redemption value. 
 
 Net Asset Value 
 
 We calculate NAV per share in accordance with the valuation guidelines that have been approved by our board of directors. The purchase price per share for each class of our common stock will generally be equal to our prior month's NAV per share for the applicable share class, as determined monthly, plus applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees. Our NAV for each class of shares is based on the net asset values of our investments (including real estate related securities), the addition of any other assets (such as cash on hand) and the deduction of any liabilities, including class-specific accruals, as described in our valuation guidelines. Our Adviser is ultimately responsible for the determination of our monthly NAV. For more information regarding the calculation of our NAV per share of each class and how our properties and real estate related securities are valued, see Net Asset Value Calculation and Valuation Guidelines in our prospectus, as amended and supplemented. 
 Our total NAV presented in the following tables includes the NAV of our outstanding classes of common stock as of September 30, 2024 as well as Class E units of our Operating Partnership held by an affiliate of our Sponsor. The following table provides a breakdown of the major components of our total NAV as of September 30, 2024 and shares/units in thousands): 
 Components of NAV September 30, 2024 Investments in real estate 293,474 Cash and cash equivalents 44,153 Restricted cash 14,522 Other assets 2,145 Mortgage notes, net of deferred financing costs (153,223) Other liabilities (3,346) Preferred stock (226) Net asset value 197,499 Number of outstanding shares/units 19,739 
 The following table sets forth our total NAV and NAV per share/unit by class as of September 30, 2024 and shares/units in thousands, except per share/unit data): 
 NAV Per Share/Unit Class I Shares Class E Shares Class E Units Total Net asset value 521 589 196,389 197,499 Number of outstanding shares/units 52 59 19,628 19,739 NAV per share/unit as of September 30, 2024 10.01 10.01 10.01 
 
 Consistent with our disclosure in our prospectus, as amended and supplemented, regarding our NAV calculation, our investments in real estate are initially valued at cost, which we expect to represent fair value at that time. In the future, as we establish new values for our newly acquired real estate investments, we will provide information on key assumptions used in the valuation methodology and a sensitivity analysis related thereto. 
 
 The valuation of the Georgetown Property as of September 30, 2024 was provided by Altus Group U.S. Inc., our Independent Valuation Advisor, in accordance with our valuation guidelines. Certain key assumptions that were used by the Independent Valuation Advisor in the discounted cash flow analysis are set forth in the following table. 
 Property Type Discount Rate Exit Capitalization Rate Industrial 7.25 5.75 
 
 A change in these assumptions would impact the calculation of the value of the Georgetown Property. For example, assuming all other factors remain unchanged, the changes listed below would result in the following effects on the value of the Georgetown Property: 
 
 25 

Input Hypothetical Change Industrial Property Value Discount Rate 0.25 decrease 2.05 0.25 increase (1.84) Exit Capitalization Rate 0.25 decrease 2.69 0.25 increase (2.49) 
 
 The following table reconciles deficit and redeemable non-controlling interest per our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 to our NAV shown in thousands): 
 
 Reconciliation of Deficit and Redeemable Non-controlling Interest to NAV As of September 30, 2024 Deficit under GAAP (3,532) Redeemable non-controlling interest 196,388 Total deficit and redeemable non-controlling interest under GAAP 192,856 Adjustments: Preferred stock and accumulated dividends (226) Organization, offering and operating expenses 4,287 Real estate investments, closing costs and straight-line rent (1,073) Accumulated depreciation and amortization 1,655 NAV 197,499 
 The following describes the adjustments to reconcile GAAP deficit and redeemable non-controlling interest per our Consolidated Balance Sheet to our NAV: 
 Our investments in real estate are presented at historical cost in our GAAP consolidated financial statements. As such, any changes in the fair values of our investments in real estate are not included in our GAAP results. For purposes of determining our NAV, our investments in real estate are recorded at fair value. In addition, adjustments made in accordance with GAAP for straight-line adjustments to rental income are excluded from NAV. 
 The Adviser has agreed to advance all of our organization and offering expenses on our behalf (other than upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and the distribution fees) through March 19, 2025, the first anniversary of the date on which we broke escrow for the Offering. We will reimburse our Adviser for all such advanced expenses ratably over the 60 months following March 19, 2025. For purposes of calculating our NAV, the organization and offering expenses advanced, waived or paid by our Adviser will not be recognized as expenses or as a component of equity and are not reflected in our NAV until we pay our Adviser for these costs. Our Adviser will advance on our behalf certain of our general and administrative expenses through the earlier of (i) the first date that the aggregate NAV of our outstanding shares of common stock, along with the Operating Partnership units held by parties other than us, reaches 500 million and (ii) March 19, 2025, the first anniversary of the date on which we broke escrow for the Offering, at which point we will reimburse our Adviser for all such advanced expenses ratably over the 60 months following such date. These advanced general and administrative expenses are not recognized as expenses or as a component of equity and are not reflected in our NAV until we reimburse the Adviser for these expenses. 
 In accordance with GAAP, we depreciate our investments in real estate and amortize certain other assets and liabilities. Such depreciation and amortization expenses are not included for purposes of determining our NAV. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary needs for liquidity and capital resources are to fund our investments, to make distributions to our stockholders, to repurchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase plan, to pay our offering and operating fees and expenses and to pay interest on our outstanding indebtedness. We anticipate our offering and operating fees and expenses will include, among other things, the management fee we will pay to our Adviser, distribution fees we will pay to the Dealer Manager, legal, audit and valuation expenses, federal and state filing fees, printing expenses, administrative fees, transfer agent fees, marketing and distribution expenses and fees related to acquiring, financing, appraising and managing our properties. In addition, the Operating Partnership will make distributions on the performance participation allocation to 
 26 

its special limited partner. We do not have any office or personnel expenses as we do not have any employees. We will reimburse our Adviser for certain out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with our operations. 
 Our Adviser has agreed to several support measures. Our Adviser agreed to waive its management fee for the first six full calendar months following March 19, 2024, the date on which we broke escrow for the Offering. We commenced accruing the management fee on October 1, 2024. Our Adviser has also agreed to advance all of our organization and offering expenses on our behalf (excluding upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and the distribution fees) through March 19, 2025, the first anniversary of the date on which we broke escrow for the Offering. We will reimburse our Adviser for all such advanced expenses ratably over the 60 months following March 19, 2025. 
 In addition, our Adviser will advance on our behalf certain of our general and administrative expenses through the earlier of (i) the first date that the aggregate NAV of our outstanding shares of common stock, along with the Operating Partnership units held by parties other than us, reaches 500 million and (ii) March 19, 2025, the first anniversary of the date on which we broke escrow for the Offering, at which point we will reimburse our Adviser for all such advanced expenses ratably over the 60 months following such date. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Adviser had incurred 6,827,630 and 5,470,431, respectively, of organization and offering expenses and 2,758,461 and 960,534, respectively, of general and administrative related costs on our behalf. 
 EQT Exeter Holdings has committed to purchase a total of 200,000,000 in Class E shares of our common stock or Class E units of our Operating Partnership, or a combination thereof (the Sponsor Committed Amount provided that EQT Exeter Holdings may invest a smaller amount to the extent the reduction is offset by an investment by other affiliates of the Sponsor or their officers and employees. As of November 14, 2024, EQT Exeter Holdings had purchased 19,628,251.459 Class E units of the Operating Partnership for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 197.10 million as part of the Sponsor Committed Amount. 
 
 Class E shares and Class E units are only available for purchase in private transactions by (i) the Adviser, the Sponsor and their affiliates, (ii) employees of the Adviser, the Sponsor and their affiliates and (iii) our officers and directors. The Class E shares and Class E units are not subject to any upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees, distribution fees, management fees payable to our Adviser or the performance participation allocation to the special limited partner. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, in connection with our real estate acquisitions, we incurred mortgage indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount of approximately 154.06 million. These mortgage notes are secured by our real estate investments and bear interest at fixed rates ranging from 5.35 to 5.75 . The notes have maturity dates ranging from March 1, 2032 to September 1, 2034. We intend to meet our obligations related to these mortgage notes through a combination of cash flows generated by our operations, proceeds from property dispositions, and refinancing activities as appropriate. We evaluate our debt obligations to optimize our capital structure and reduce the cost of capital. As of September 30, 2024, we are in compliance with all covenants related to our mortgage notes, including net worth and liquidity, among others. We believe that our existing cash balance, cash flows from operations and cash flows from financing activities are sufficient to meet our debt service obligations and other liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. 
 
 The following table details our outstanding mortgage notes as of September 30, 2024. There were no mortgage notes outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 September 30, 2024 Principal Balance Outstanding Indebtedness Weighted Average Interest Rate Weighted Average Maturity Date September 30, 2024 Fixed rate mortgage notes 5.53 4/14/2033 154,056,880 Total loans secured by real estate 154,056,880 Deferred financing costs, net (833,970) Mortgage notes, net 153,222,910 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, we made an additional draw on one of our mortgage notes. See Subsequent Events below. 
 
 27 

We intend to elect to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), commencing with our taxable year ending December 31, 2024. In order to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required to, among other things, distribute as dividends at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gains, to our stockholders and meet certain tests regarding the nature of our income and assets. No assurances can be provided regarding our qualification as a REIT. 
 Over time, we generally intend to fund our cash needs for items other than asset acquisitions from operations. We expect our cash needs for acquisitions will be funded primarily from the sale of shares of our common stock and units of the Operating Partnership and through the assumption or incurrence of debt. We may also fund repurchase requests under our share repurchase plan from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, the sale or repayment of our assets, borrowings or offering proceeds, and we have no limits on the amounts we may pay from such sources. 
 Although we have not received any commitments from lenders to fund a line of credit to date, we may decide to obtain a line of credit to fund acquisitions, to repurchase shares pursuant to our share repurchase plan and for any other corporate purpose. If we decide to obtain a line of credit, we would expect that it would afford us borrowing availability to fund repurchases. As our assets increase, however, it may not be commercially feasible or we may not be able to secure an adequate line of credit to fund share repurchases. Moreover, actual availability may be reduced at any given time if we use borrowings under the line of credit to fund share repurchases or for other corporate purposes. 
 
 Other potential future sources of capital include proceeds from the sale of assets. If necessary, we may use financings or other sources of capital in the event of unforeseen significant capital expenditures. 

Distributions 
 
 Distributions are authorized at the discretion of our board of directors, in accordance with our earnings, cash flows and general financial condition. Because we may receive income from interest or rents at various times during our fiscal year, distributions may not reflect our income earned in that particular distribution period but may be made in anticipation of cash flows which we expect to receive during a later quarter and may be made in advance of actual receipt of funds in an attempt to make distributions relatively uniform. 
 
 Beginning in April 2024, we have declared monthly distributions for each outstanding class of our common stock with a record date as of the close of business as of the last calendar day of each month. Such distributions are generally paid 10 days after month-end. The following table summarizes each record date for distributions and the distributions declared per share for each outstanding class of our common stock as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any outstanding shares of Class T, Class S, Class D, Class A-I or Class A-II common stock. 
 
 Record Date Class I shares Class E shares April 30, 2024 0.03724 May 31, 2024 0.03750 June 30, 2024 0.03761 July 31, 2024 0.03769 August 31, 2024 0.03784 September 30, 2024 0.03769 0.03769 Total 0.03769 0.22557 
 
 The following table summarizes distributions paid on our shares of common stock, shares of Class A preferred stock and Class E units of our Operating Partnership held by an affiliate of our Sponsor during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 28 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Distributions Paid in cash 1,088,099 99.8 1,555,965 99.1 Reinvested in shares 2,205 0.2 3,644 0.2 Dividends to preferred stockholders 11,000 0.7 Total distributions 1,090,304 100.0 1,570,609 100.0 Source of Distributions Paid from cash flow from current period operating activities 766,182 70.3 1,570,609 100.0 Paid from cash flow from prior period operating activities in excess of distributions paid during prior periods 324,122 29.7 Total sources of distributions 1,090,304 100.0 1,570,609 100.0 Net cash provided by operating activities 766,182 1,917,684 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our net loss was 2.55 million. 
 
 In addition to the distributions shown above, we declared a distribution of 0.03769 per unit for Class E units of our Operating Partnership to limited partners as of the close of business on September 30, 2024. These distributions were paid on October 10, 2024. 
 
 Such amounts are recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024. 

Fees and Expenses Payable to Our Adviser and its Affiliates 
 
 The table below provides information regarding fees and expenses payable to our Adviser and its affiliates in connection with our offerings and our operations. The table includes amounts incurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and related amounts payable. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Form of Compensation Incurred Payable Offering Advanced organization and offering expenses (1) 
 6,827,630 6,827,630 Operational Advanced general and administrative expenses (2) 
 2,758,461 2,758,461 Acquisition related (3) 
 7,183,980 Property management fee 38,436 22,708 Total 16,808,507 9,608,799 
 
 (1) Our Adviser has agreed to advance all of our organization and offering expenses on our behalf (excluding upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and the distribution fees) through March 19, 2025, the first anniversary of the date on which we broke escrow for the Offering. We will reimburse our Adviser for all such advanced expenses ratably over the 60 months following March 19, 2025. 
 
 (2) Our Adviser will advance on our behalf certain of our general and administrative expenses through the earlier of (i) the first date that the aggregate NAV of our outstanding shares of common stock, along with the Operating Partnership units held by parties other than us, reaches 500 million and (ii) March 19, 2025, the first anniversary of the date on which we broke escrow for the Offering, at which point we will reimburse our Adviser for all such advanced expenses ratably over the 60 months following such date. 
 
 (3) In connection with our acquisition of the Georgetown Property, on March 20, 2024, our Adviser assigned the purchase and sale agreement for the property to our indirect subsidiary for 1,500,000, which was the amount of the deposit under 
 29 

the purchase and sale agreement. Our Adviser also advanced 103,602 of closing costs on our behalf for this acquisition. We repaid our Adviser for the deposit and the advanced closing costs on March 20, 2024. 
 
 In connection with our acquisition of the Middletown Property, on August 14, 2024, our Adviser assigned the purchase and sale agreement for the property to our indirect subsidiary for 4,000,000, which was the amount of the deposit under the purchase and sale agreement. Our Adviser also advanced 29,991 of closing costs on our behalf for this acquisition. We repaid our Adviser for the deposit and the advanced closing costs on August 14, 2024. 
 
 In connection with our acquisition of the Nashville Property, on August 15, 2024, our Adviser assigned the purchase and sale agreement for the property to our indirect subsidiary for 1,500,000, which was the amount of the deposit under the purchase and sale agreement. Our Adviser also advanced 50,387 of closing costs on our behalf for this acquisition. We repaid our Adviser for the deposit and the advanced closing costs on August 15, 2024. 
 
 We do not reimburse our Adviser or its affiliates for the salaries or benefits of our named executive officers. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table provides a breakdown of the net change in our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Cash flows provided by operating activities 1,917,684 Cash flows used in investing activities (292,115,324) Cash flows provided by financing activities 348,467,485 Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 58,269,845 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities were 1.92 million and were primarily attributable to rental payments received from our real estate investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities were 292.12 million and were related to our acquisitions of real estate investments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities related to EQT Exeter Holdings' acquisitions of 197.10 million of Class E units of the Operating Partnership and the sale of 0.53 million of Class I shares during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as well as 154.06 million of proceeds from debt financings, partially offset by (i) a total of 1.57 million of distribution payments made on common stock, Class E units of our Operating Partnership and preferred stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024; (ii) a 0.87 million deposit paid to a financial institution during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and (iii) a 0.78 million payment of deferred financing costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 The following table aggregates our contractual obligations and commitments with payments due subsequent to September 30, 2024. 
 Obligations Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Advanced general and administrative expenses (1) 
 2,758,461 321,820 1,103,384 1,333,257 Advanced organization and offering expenses (1) 
 6,827,630 796,557 2,731,052 3,300,021 Mortgage indebtedness (2) 
 227,117,628 8,517,271 17,034,542 17,034,542 184,531,273 Total 236,703,719 9,635,648 20,868,978 21,667,820 184,531,273 
 
 (1) For the terms of reimbursement of advanced general and administrative expenses and organization and offering expenses see above under Fees and Expenses Payable to Our Adviser and its Affiliates. For purposes of this table, we have assumed that advanced general and administrative expenses will be reimbursed ratably over the 60 months following March 19, 2025. 
 30 

(2) Our mortgage indebtedness includes both principal and interest payments. Monthly payments are interest only during the respective terms of the mortgage loans. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") involves significant judgments and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. These judgments will affect our reported amounts and our disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our financial statements. There have been no material changes to our Critical Accounting Policies described in our Annual Report. 
 
 Subsequent Events 
 
 Acquisition and Financing 
 
 On October 16, 2024, we, through an indirect subsidiary (the Washington Buyer ), acquired a 202,464 square foot bulk last mile industrial facility (the Washington Building located on approximately 45.1 acres of land in Tukwila, Washington (the Washington Land that is subject to a Ground Lease (defined below). The purchase price to acquire the Washington Building and all of the seller s interest in the Ground Lease (together, the Washington Property was 81.50 million, exclusive of closing costs. 
 
 At closing on October 16, 2024, the seller assigned its interest as a tenant in a ground lease (the Ground Lease for the Washington Land to the Washington Buyer, and the Washington Buyer acquired a leasehold interest in the Washington Land. The initial term of the Ground Lease expires on December 31, 2074, and the Ground Lease has two ten-year extension options. As of October 16, 2024, the annualized base rent payable by the Washington Buyer to the landlord under the Ground Lease is approximately 4.9 million. The base rent under the Ground Lease is subject to 15 increases every five years with the next increase occurring on January 1, 2029. The Ground Lease is an absolute net lease whereby the Washington Buyer is required to pay all taxes, utilities, maintenance, and expenses associated with the Washington Land. 
 
 On August 15, 2024, we, through certain of our subsidiaries (collectively, the State Farm Borrowers ), entered into a ten-year mortgage loan with State Farm, an unaffiliated lender, for borrowings of up to 109.60 million (as supplemented, the State Farm Portfolio Mortgage Loan ). On October 16, 2024, in connection with the acquisition of the Washington Property, we drew down approximately 40.79 million under the State Farm Portfolio Mortgage Loan, the Washington Property was added as additional collateral to secure the loan and the Washington Buyer was added as one of the State Farm Borrowers. As of October 16, 2024, the outstanding principal balance of the State Farm Portfolio Mortgage Loan was approximately 109.60 million, inclusive of approximately 8.94 million that is held in an escrow account and is available for funding upon completion of certain tenant improvements at the Nashville Property and subject to the terms and conditions of the loan documents. As of October 16, 2024, the State Farm Portfolio Mortgage Loan was secured by the Washington Property, the Nashville Property and the Georgetown Property. 
 
 Distributions 
 
 On October 31, 2024, we declared a distribution of 0.03769 per share for our Class E, Class I and Class A-I common stock and a distribution of 0.03769 per unit for the Class E units of our Operating Partnership for stockholders and unitholders, respectively, as of th e close of business on October 31, 2024. These distributions were paid on November 11, 2024 and were paid in cash or reinvested in shares of our common stock for stockholders participating in our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 Capital Raising 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024 and through November 14, 2024 , we issued 55,092.17 Class I shares of common stock in the Offering f or an aggregate purchase price of approximately 0.55 million, including shares issued in the Offering pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan. 
 31 

Subsequent to September 30, 2024 and through November 14, 2024 , we issued 993,064.755 Class A-I shares of common stock to accredited investors in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 9.95 million, including shares issued in the private placement pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan. The offer and sale of the Class A-I shares is exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Rule 506(c) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We may be exposed to interest rate changes primarily as a result of long-term debt used to maintain liquidity, fund capital expenditures and expand our investment portfolio and operations. Market fluctuations in real estate financing may affect the availability and cost of funds needed to expand our investment portfolio. In addition, restrictions upon the availability of real estate financing or high interest rates for real estate loans could adversely affect our ability to dispose of real estate in the future. We will seek to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. We may use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our assets. 
 
 All of our mortgage indebtedness as of September 30, 2024 was fixed rate debt. Interest rate fluctuations will generally not affect our future earnings or cash flows on our fixed rate debt, unless such instruments mature or are otherwise terminated. The fair value of our mortgage notes was initially valued at the carrying amount (including net deferred financing costs), which approximate fair value as of September 30, 2024. As we expect to hold our fixed rate instruments to maturity (unless the property securing the debt is sold and the loan is repaid) and the amounts due under such instruments would be limited to the outstanding principal balance and any accrued and unpaid interest, we do not expect that fluctuations in interest rates, and the resulting change in fair value of our fixed rate instruments, would have a significant impact on our operations. 
 
 Also, we may be exposed to both credit risk and market risk. 
 Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty will owe us, which creates credit risk for us. If the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we will owe the counterparty and, therefore, do not have credit risk. We will seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties. 
 Market risk is the adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. The market risk associated with interest-rate contracts is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken. With regard to variable rate financing, we will assess our interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. We will maintain risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both our outstanding and forecasted debt obligations as well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. While this hedging strategy will be designed to minimize the impact on our net income and funds from operations from changes in interest rates, the overall returns on your investment may be reduced. 
 Real estate property values are subject to volatility and may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including but not limited to national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and other factors); local real estate conditions; changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; and retroactive changes to building or similar codes. 
 32 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q was made under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer PEO and Principal Financial Officer PFO ). Based upon this evaluation, our PEO and PFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (a) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and forms and (b) include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our PEO and PFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

33 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2024, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed under Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report, other than those disclosed in supplement no. 8 dated October 23, 2024 Supplement No. 8 to our prospectus dated April 19, 2024, filed with the SEC. 
 
 You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth in the Annual Report and in Supplement No. 8 and the other information set forth elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. You should be aware that these risk factors and other information may not describe every risk facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 All sales of unregistered securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were previously reported. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 
 On August 1, 2023, our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-273163) with respect to the Offering was declared effective under the Securities Act. We commenced the Offering on August 1, 2023 upon retaining EQTE Brokerage LLC, an affiliate of our Adviser, as the dealer manager for the Offering. We are offering on a continuous basis up to 5,000,000,000 in shares of common stock, consisting of up to 4,000,000,000 in shares in our primary offering and up to 1,000,000,000 in shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. We are offering to sell any combination of four classes of shares of our common stock, Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. Each class of shares is sold at the then-current transaction price, which will generally be the prior month s NAV per share for such class, plus applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. 
 
 The terms of the Offering required us to hold investors funds from the Offering in an interest-bearing escrow account until we received purchase orders for at least 25,000,000 of our common stock or units of the Operating Partnership in the Offering or in separate private transactions (including purchase orders by the Adviser, the Sponsor, their affiliates and our directors and officers, which purchases were not limited in amount) and our board of directors authorized the release of funds in the escrow account to us. On March 19, 2024, the Operating Partnership issued 6,220,000 Class E units to EQT Exeter Holdings, an affiliate of our Sponsor, for an aggregate purchase price of 62,200,000, or 10.00 per unit. As such, as of March 19, 2024, we satisfied the minimum offering requirement for all jurisdictions other than Pennsylvania and our board of directors authorized us to break escrow in the Offering. As of August 14, 2024, we also satisfied the minimum offering requirement for Pennsylvania. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have sold approximately 52,032 Class I shares in the Offering for gross offering proceeds of 0.53 million. No upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees or distribution fees are paid with respect to purchases of Class I shares. As of September 30, 2024, we have not sold any Class T, Class S or Class D shares in the Offering. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Adviser and its affiliates have incurred on our behalf 6,422,540 of organization and offering expenses in connection with the Offering. Our Adviser agreed to advance all of our organization and offering expenses on our behalf (excluding upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and the distribution fees) through March 19, 2025, the first anniversary of the date on which we broke escrow for the Offering. We will reimburse our Adviser for all such advanced expenses ratably over the 60 months following March 19, 2025. 
 34 

We have used the proceeds from unregistered sales of Class E units of the Operating Partnership, proceeds from unregistered sales of Class A-I shares of our common stock, proceeds from the Offering and debt financings to acquire 374.46 million of real estate investments as of November 14, 2024. 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase plan and no shares had been requested to be repurchased under the plan. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 
 On November 11, 2024, we issued 146.227 shares of Class E common stock at a price per share of 10.01 to two of our independent directors, for an aggregate purchase price of 1,463.73. The shares issued to our independent directors pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan were issued in private transactions exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 
 On November 11, 2024, we issued 920.887 shares of Class A-I common stock at a price per share of 10.01 for an aggregate purchase price of 9,218.07. The shares issued were pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan to accredited investors in a private placement and were exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act, by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Rule 506(c) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. EQTE Brokerage LLC (the Dealer Manager ), an affiliate of our Adviser, serves as the dealer manager for our private offering of Class A-I shares to accredited investors. Pursuant to the dealer manager agreement for the offering, no fees, commissions or other compensation (other than the customary reimbursement of expenses and indemnification) are payable to the Dealer Manager. 

35 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed July 7, 2023) 
 3.2 
 Articles of Amendment of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K, filed March 25, 2024) 
 3.3 
 Articles Supplementary of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Form 8-K, filed March 25, 2024) 
 3.4 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q, filed August 31, 2023) 
 4.1 
 Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company's prospectus, filed April 22, 2024) 
 10.1 
 Renewal Agreement of Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement by and among the Company, EQT Exeter REIT Operating Partnership LP and Exeter Property Group, LLC, dated July 31, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.2 
 Agreement of Sale by and between Shoals Way Industrial LLC and Exeter Property Group, LLC, dated June 26, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.2.1 
 Assignment and Assumption of Agreement of Sale by and between Exeter Property Group, LLC and EQRT 1500 Shoals, L.P., dated August 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10.1 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.3 
 Agreement of Sale by and among C5LC at Middletown, LLC and Exeter Property Group, LLC, dated July 19, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.3.1 
 First Amendment to Agreement of Sale by and between C5LC at Middletown, LLC and Exeter Property Group, LLC, dated July 26, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.1 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.3.2 
 Second Amendment to Agreement of Sale by and between C5LC at Middletown, LLC and Exeter Property Group, LLC, dated August 9, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.2 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.3.3 
 Assignment and Assumption of Agreement of Sale by and between Exeter Property Group, LLC and EQRT 3327 Harrisburg, L.P., dated August 14, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.3 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 

10.4 
 Agreement of Purchase and Sale and Joint Escrow Instructions between DPIF2 WA 6 Oxbow, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Seller, and Exeter Property Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Buyer, dated July 31, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.4.1 
 First Amendment to Agreement of Purchase and Sale and Joint Escrow Instructions by and between DPIF2 WA 6 Oxbow, LLC and Exeter Property Group, LLC, dated September 12, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.1 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.4.2 
 Second Amendment to Agreement of Purchase and Sale and Joint Escrow Instructions by and between DPIF2 WA 6 Oxbow, LLC and Exeter Property Group, LLC, dated September 12, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.2 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.4.3 
 Third Amendment to Agreement of Purchase and Sale and Joint Escrow Instructions by and between DPIF2 WA 6 Oxbow, LLC and Exeter Property Group, LLC, dated September 18, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.3 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.4.4 
 Fourth Amendment to Agreement of Purchase and Sale and Joint Escrow Instructions by and between DPIF2 WA 6 Oxbow, LLC and Exeter Property Group, LLC, dated September 26, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.4 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.4.5 
 Fifth Amendment to Agreement of Purchase and Sale and Joint Escrow Instructions by and between DPIF2 WA 6 Oxbow, LLC and Exeter Property Group, LLC, dated October 2, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.5 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 
 36 

10.4.6 
 Sixth Amendment to Agreement of Purchase and Sale and Joint Escrow Instructions by and between DPIF2 WA 6 Oxbow, LLC and Exeter Property Group, LLC, dated October 11, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.6 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.4.7 
 Assignment and Assumption of Agreement of Purchase and Sale and Joint Escrow Instructions by and between Exeter Property Group, LLC and EQRT 2871 102nd, L.P., dated October 16, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.7 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.5 
 Loan Agreement by and between EQRT 3327 Harrisburg, L.P. and New York Life Insurance Company dated August 14, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.5.1 
 Promissory Note by EQRT 3327 Harrisburg, L.P., to New York Life Insurance Company, dated August 14, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13.1 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.5.2 
 Guaranty of Recourse Obligations by EQT Exeter REIT Operating Partnership LP for the benefit of New York Life Insurance Company, dated August 14, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13.2 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.6 
 Promissory Note by EQRT 110 Southeast Inner Loop, L.P. and EQRT 1500 Shoals, L.P. to State Farm Life Insurance Company, dated August 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.6.1 
 Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing by EQRT 1500 Shoals, L.P. for the benefit of State Farm Life Insurance Company, dated August 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14.1 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.6.2 
 Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing by EQRT 110 Southeast Inner Loop, L.P. for the benefit of State Farm Life Insurance Company, dated August 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14.2 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.6.3 
 Agreement regarding Second Funding, Permitted Releases, Substitutions and Transfers by and among EQRT 110 Southeast Inner Loop, L.P., EQRT 1500 Shoals, L.P. and State Farm Life Insurance Company, dated August 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14.3 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.6.4 
 Allonge to Promissory Note, dated as of August 15, 2024, made by EQRT 110 Southeast Inner Loop, L.P., and EQRT 1500 Shoals, L.P., to State Farm Life Insurance Company, dated October 16, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14.4 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.6.5 
 Master Joinder Agreement by and among EQRT 110 Southeast Inner Loop, L.P., EQRT 1500 Shoals, L.P., EQRT 2871 102nd, L.P., and State Farm Life Insurance Company, dated October 16, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14.5 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 10.6.6 
 Leasehold Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing with Assignment of Leases and Rents by EQRT 2871 102nd, L.P., for the benefit of State Farm Life Insurance Company, dated October 16, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14.6 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-273163, filed October 23, 2024) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 99.1 
 Share Repurchase Plan, effective as of March 18, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Form 8-K, filed March 25, 2024) 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document- the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within Inline XBRL document) 
 37 

38 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

EQT EXETER REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC. 
 November 14, 2024 /s/ Ali Houshmand Date Ali Houshmand 
 President, Portfolio Manager and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 November 14, 2024 /s/ J. Peter Lloyd Date J. Peter Lloyd 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31193024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Ali Houshmand, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of EQT Exeter Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Intentionally omitted 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 14, 2024 By s Ali Houshmand Ali Houshmand President, Portfolio Manager and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31293024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, J. Peter Lloyd, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of EQT Exeter Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Intentionally omitted 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 14, 2024 By s J. Peter Lloyd J. Peter Lloyd Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32193024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of EQT Exeter Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ali Houshmand, President, Portfolio Manager and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 14, 2024 By s Ali Houshmand Ali Houshmand President, Portfolio Manager and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32293024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of EQT Exeter Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, J. Peter Lloyd, Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 14, 2024 By s J. Peter Lloyd J. Peter Lloyd Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 eqt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 eqt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 eqt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 eqt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 eqt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

