<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1739566_0001739566-24-000157.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6592193</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>107379</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1240399</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2020831</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1708962</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1400301</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001739566-24-000157.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031070926
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001739566-24-000157
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240929
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Utz Brands, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001739566
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				981425274
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1229

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38686
		FILM NUMBER:		241412405

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 HIGH STREET
		CITY:			HANOVER
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17331
		BUSINESS PHONE:		717-637-6644

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 HIGH STREET
		CITY:			HANOVER
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17331

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Collier Creek Holdings
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180503

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001739566-24-000157.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 utz-20240929.htm
 10-Q

utz-20240929 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 N/A 
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of October 28, 2024, shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class V Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 
 INTRODUCTORY NOTE 
 On August 28, 2020, Utz Brands, Inc. (formerly Collier Creek Holdings) UBI ), consummated a business combination (the "Business Combination") with Utz Brands Holdings, LLC ("UBH") pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2020 (the "Business Combination Agreement"), entered into by and among UBI, UBH, Series U of UM Partners, LLC ("Series U") and Series R of UM Partners, LLC ("Series R" and together with Series U, the "Continuing Members"). Additional information about the Business Combination can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless otherwise noted the "Company", "we", "us", "our", "UBI" and "Utz" refer to UBI and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements relate to expectations for future financial performance, business strategies or expectations for the Company s business. Specifically, forward-looking statements may include statements relating to: 
 The Company's future financial position, capital structure, indebtedness, business strategy, opportunities and plans and objectives of management for future operations, including with respect to promotional activities and efforts to build sustainable long-term demand for the Company's products; 
 The benefits of the Company's acquisitions, dispositions and similar transactions; 
 The likelihood of the Company completing contemplated acquisitions, dispositions and similar transactions; 
 The future operating and financial performance of the Company; 
 Expansion plans and opportunities; 
 Cost savings plans and network optimization strategies; 
 Transformation of the Company s supply chain; 
 The Company s product mix; 
 The Company s ability to reduce debt and anticipated interest expense savings; 
 The Company s cost savings plans and logistics optimization efforts; 
 The effects of inflation or supply chain disruptions on the Company or its business; 
 The benefits of the Company s productivity initiatives; 
 The effects of the Company s marketing and innovation initiatives; and 
 Other statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words may, can, should, will, estimate, plan, project, "forecast, "intend, "expect, anticipate, believe, seek, "target or similar expressions. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, reflect Company management s current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve a number of judgments regarding known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside the control of the Company and its directors, officers and affiliates. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company s views as of any subsequent date. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update, add to or otherwise correct any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the Company s results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include, without limitation: the risk that the Company s gross profit margins may be adversely impacted by a variety of factors, including variations in raw materials pricing, retail customer requirements and mix, sales velocities and required promotional support; changes in consumers loyalty to the Company s brands due to factors beyond the Company s control, including changes in consumer spending due to factors such as increasing household debt; changes in demand for the Company s products affected by changes in consumer preferences and tastes or the Company's ability to innovate or market its products effectively, particularly in the Company s expansion geographies; costs associated with building brand loyalty and interest in the Company s products which may be affected by actions by the Company s competitors that result in the Company s products not being suitably differentiated from the products of their competitors; consolidation of key suppliers to the Company; any inability of the Company to adopt efficiencies into its manufacturing processes, including automation and labor optimization, its network, including through plant consolidation and lowest landed cost for shipping its products, or its logistics operations; fluctuations in results of operations of the Company from quarter to quarter because of changes in promotional activities; the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by other economic, business or competitive factors; the risk that recently completed business combinations and other acquisitions or dispositions disrupt plans and operations; the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of such business combinations, acquisitions or dispositions, which may be affected by, among other things, competition and the ability of the Company to grow and manage growth profitably and retain its key employees; the ability of the Company to close planned acquisitions or dispositions; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the Company following the consummation of such business combinations, acquisitions or dispositions; changes in applicable law or regulations; costs related to business combinations, acquisitions or dispositions; the ability of the Company to maintain the listing of the Company s Class A Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange; and the ability of the Company to develop and maintain effective internal controls. Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found under Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Table of Contents Page Part I - Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 1 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 2 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 3 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 5 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 6 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 28 
 Part II - Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 29 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 29 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 29 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 29 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 30 
 Signatures 
 31 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Utz Brands, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 (In thousands, except share information) 
 As of 
 September 29, 2024 
 As of December 31, 2023 
 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance of and , respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other assets Current portion of notes receivable Total current assets Non-current Assets Assets held for sale Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Non-current portion of notes receivable Other assets Total non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities Current portion of term debt Current portion of other notes payable Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other Current portion of warrant liability Total current liabilities Non-current portion of term debt and revolving credit facility Non-current portion of other notes payable Non-current accrued expenses and other Non-current warrant liability Deferred tax liability Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Shares of Class V Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Utz Brands, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 For the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 
 (In thousands, except share information) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) Thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 Thirteen weeks ended October 1, 2023 Thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 Thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses Selling and distribution Administrative Total selling, distribution, and administrative expenses (Loss) gain on sale of assets, net ) ) ) Income from operations Other (expense) income, net Gain on sale of business Interest expense ) ) ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment ) Other income (Loss) gain on remeasurement of warrant liability ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) Income (loss) before taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to controlling interest ) (Loss) income per Class A Common stock: (in dollars) 
 Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted-average shares of Class A Common stock outstanding Basic Diluted Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Change in fair value of interest rate swap ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Net comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net comprehensive (loss) income attributable to controlling interest ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Utz Brands, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 For the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 
 (In thousands, except share information) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Class A Common Stock Class V Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders' Equity Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2023 ) Share-based compensation Payments of tax withholding requirements for employee stock awards ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Balance at July 2, 2023 ) Share-based compensation Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balance at October 1, 2023 ) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Share-based compensation Payments of tax withholding requirements for employee stock awards ) ) ) Deferred tax impact from divestiture Net income Cash dividends declared ) ) ) Special excess cash dividend ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Tax distribution ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 3 

Class A Common Stock Class V Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders' Equity Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Share-based compensation Class V to Class A Exchange ) ) Deferred tax impact from divestiture 36 Net (loss) income ) ) Cash dividends declared ) ) ) Special excess cash dividend ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Tax distribution ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Balance at September 29, 2024 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Utz Brands, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) Thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 Thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Impairment and other charges Depreciation and amortization Gain on sale of business ) Loss (gain) on remeasurement of warrant liability ) (Gain) loss on sale of assets ) Loss on debt extinguishment Share-based compensation Deferred taxes ) Deferred financing costs Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses and other Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchases of intangibles ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Proceeds from sale of business Proceeds from sale of routes Proceeds from the sale of IO notes Notes receivable ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Borrowings on line of credit Repayments on line of credit ) ) Borrowings on term debt and notes payable Repayments on term debt and notes payable ) ) Payment of debt issuance cost ) ) Payments of tax withholding requirements for employee stock awards ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Utz Brands, Inc. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 
 The Company has reserves in place of million as of September 29, 2024, which included adjustments taken by customers of million that were awaiting final processing as of such date, and had reserves of million as of December 31, 2023, which include adjustments taken by customers of million that were awaiting final processing as of such date. Differences between estimated expense and actual redemptions are recognized as a change in management estimate as actual redemptions are incurred. 
 6 

2. 
 million, subject to customary adjustments. 
 Goodwill 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Net working capital adjustments 
 Net assets sold 
 
 The Company recognized a gain on the Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale of million. The gain on the Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale is recognized as Gain on sale of business in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024. 
 On April 22, 2024, the Company sold to Our Home its Berlin, PA and Fitchburg, MA manufacturing facilities and certain related assets (the Manufacturing Facilities Sale ). The total consideration for the transactions is million related to the facilities and certain inventory, subject to customary adjustments. The Company recognized a gain on the Manufacturing Facilities Sale of million. 
 The Company and Our Home are operating under transition services agreements which are scheduled to expire during the first half of 2025. In addition, the parties will operate under reciprocal co-manufacturing agreements pursuant to which Our Home will co-manufacture certain of the Company's products and the Company will co-manufacture certain Good Health products. Certain Good Health products will continue to be distributed and sold on the Company's DSD network for Our Home pursuant to a distribution agreement. The Company received approximately million in advance from Our Home for certain terms under these agreements, which the Company will recognize through income from operations over the terms of the transition services and co-manufacturing agreements. 
 7 

3. 
 Raw materials Maintenance parts Total inventories 
 In connection with the Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale in February 2024 and the Manufacturing Facilities Sale in April 2024, the Company sold inventory of million and million, respectively. See Note 2. Divestitures . 
 
 4. 
 Buildings Machinery and equipment Land improvements Building improvements Construction-in-progress Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, and million and million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. Depreciation expense is included in Cost of goods sold and Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 During the thirteen weeks ended October 1, 2023, the Company completed the sale of the Company's manufacturing facility in Bluffton, Indiana, which resulted in a loss on sale of the assets of million. Additionally, the Company entered into a supply agreement with the buyer pursuant to which the buyer is obligated to co-manufacture certain products at below market rates for up to . The Company recorded a tolling asset of million for the difference between the rate charged and the market rate for these services. If the buyer were to default on its obligations to co-manufacture any of the committed products, a financial penalty would be assessed based on the contractual terms required in the supply agreement. No such defaults occurred during the term of the supply agreement. The Company and the buyer intend to have a continuing co-manufacturing relationship under a new agreement. In a separate transaction, the Company completed the sale of land in Hanover, Pennsylvania to a separate third-party for a gain of million. 
 During the thirteen weeks ended July 2, 2023, the Company permanently ceased operations at the Company s manufacturing facility located in Birmingham, AL (the Birmingham Facility ), effective in June 2023 (the Manufacturing Closure ). Golden Flake and other products that were produced at the Birmingham Facility continue to be produced at other manufacturing facilities. The Manufacturing Closure reduced the Company's workforce by approximately employees, and the Company maintains its distribution center in Birmingham. The Company recorded expense of million in connection with the Manufacturing Closure, which included million in severance and related costs and million of asset impairments related to fixed assets. The severance and related expenses were recorded in the Cost of goods sold line in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023. The fixed asset impairments are recorded in the administrative expenses line in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023. In addition, during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 
 8 

million related to the impairment of property, plant and equipment unrelated to the Manufacturing Closure. During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, the Company sold the Birmingham Facility for proceeds of million and its Gramercy, LA facility for million. Both of these facilities were classified as Assets held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2023. 
 During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, in connection with the Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale as described in Note 2. Divestitures, the Company sold its Lincolnton, NC and Lititz, PA manufacturing facilities and certain related assets having a net book value of million. Also during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, in connection with the Manufacturing Facilities Sale as described in Note 2. Divestitures , the Company sold its Berlin, PA and Fitchburg, MA manufacturing facilities having a net book value of million and recognized a gain on the Manufacturing Facilities Sale of million. 
 
 5. 
 Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale, Note 2. Divestitures 
 ) Balance as of September 29, 2024 
 
 Trademarks Amortizable assets, gross Accumulated amortization ) ) Amortizable assets, net Not subject to amortization: Trade names Route assets 
 Intangible assets, net 
 During the thirteen weeks ended March 31, 2024, the Company sold customer relationships and trademarks in the amount of million and million, respectively, related to the Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale. See Note 2. Divestitures, for further discussion. In addition, during the thirteen weeks ended June 30, 2024, the Company paid million to purchase an indefinite life intangible right for use of a third-party brand name. This intangible is classified as an indefinite life trade name. There were no other significant changes to intangible assets during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 other than those which arise from the normal course of business from the buying and selling of Company-owned route assets and amortization. 
 Amortization of distributor/customer relationships, technology and trade names amounted to million and million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, and million and million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. The expense related to the amortization of intangibles is included in administrative expenses in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 9 

6. 
 to with terms ranging generally from one to . The notes receivable balances due from IOs at September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 totaled million and million, respectively, and are collateralized by the routes for which the loans are made. The Company also sold certain notes to Bank of America and other bank. The Company has a corresponding notes payable, related to the sale of IOs notes receivables. See Note 10. Contingencies. 
 
 7. 
 Operating right of use liability Insurance liabilities Accrued freight and manufacturing related costs Accrued dividends and distributions Accrued interest Deferred transition services and other fees (a) Other accrued expenses Total accrued expenses and other 
 (a) See Note 2. Divestitures , for further discussion. 
 Non-current accrued expenses and other consisted of the following: (in thousands) As of September 29, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 Operating right of use liability Tax Receivable Agreement liability 
 Supplemental retirement and salary continuation plans Long-term portion of an interest rate hedge liability Total accrued expenses and other 
 10 

8. 
 million outstanding term loan and reduce the interest rate from the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus the applicable rate of plus a credit spread adjustment to SOFR plus the applicable rate of , as well as certain other changes. Other material terms of the Term Loan B, including the January 2028 maturity date, remain unchanged. The Company recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of million related to the refinancing of its Term Loan B in its Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024. On April 17, 2024, the Company amended its asset-based revolving credit facility ABL facility to reduce the rate from SOFR plus the applicable rate ranging from - plus a credit spread adjustment to SOFR plus the applicable rate ranging from - , as well as certain other changes. Other material terms of the ABL facility, including maturity date, remain unchanged. 
 January-28 Real Estate Term Loan (1) 
 October-32 Equipment loans (2) 
 ABL facility October-27 Net impact of debt issuance costs and original issue discount ) ) Total long-term debt Less: current portion ) ) Long term portion of term debt and financing obligations 
 (1) Loan by City National Bank which is secured by a majority of the real estate assets of the Company ("Real Estate Term Loan"). 
 (2) Equipment loans have varying maturities from November 2024 to June 2029. 
 
 In connection with the Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale as described in Note 2. Divestitures and Note 4. Property, Plant and Equipment, Net , the Company made a million accelerated payment on its Term Loan B and an million payment on its Real Estate Term Loan; and in connection with the Manufacturing Facilities Sale as described in Note 2. Divestitures and Note 4. Property, Plant and Equipment, Net , the Company made an additional payment of million on its Real Estate Term Loan during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024. 
 11 

Finance lease obligations Other Total notes payable Less: current portion ) ) Long term portion of notes payable 
 Interest Expense 
 Amortization of deferred financing fees IO loans Total interest 
 
 9. 
 million of hedged forecasted transactions were not probable of occurring. As such, effective February 1, 2024, the Company de-designated its interest rate hedge accounting on its Real Estate Term Loan and re-designated a new interest hedging relationship totaling million. As a result, the Company immediately reclassified million of accumulated other comprehensive income to earnings which is reflected as a decrease to interest expense within the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). As of September 29, 2024, million and million of the notional of the Company's interest rate swap was designated under interest rate hedge accounting and at fair value with mark-to-market adjustments recorded immediately in earnings, respectively. For the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, as an increase to interest expense within the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 As of and for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, there were no changes to the hedge accounting related to Term Loan B. 
 Warrant Liabilities 
 As of each of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were private placement warrants Warrants outstanding, which are accounted for as derivative liabilities pursuant to ASC 815-40. The Warrants have a term of and expire in August 2025. 
 12 

Gain on remeasurement of warrant liability ) Fair value of warrant liabilities as of June 30, 2024 Loss on remeasurement of warrant liability Fair value of warrant liabilities as of September 29, 2024 
 Purchase Commitments 
 The Company has outstanding purchase commitments for specific quantities at fixed prices for certain key ingredients to economically hedge commodity input prices. These purchase commitments totaled million as of September 29, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. The Company accrues for losses on firm purchase commitments in a loss position at the end of each reporting period to the extent that there is an active observable market. The Company has recorded purchase commitment (losses) gains totaling ) million and ) million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, and million and ) million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. 
 Fair Value 
 Commodity contracts Interest rate swaps Total assets Liabilities: Commodity contracts Interest rate swaps Warrants Debt Total liabilities 
 The following table presents the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis based upon the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall, as of December 31, 2023: 
 (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Commodity contracts Interest rate swaps Total assets Liabilities: Commodity contracts Interest rate swaps Warrants Debt Total liabilities 
 13 

10. 
 million and million at September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which loans are accounted for as off balance sheet arrangements. As discussed in Note 6. Notes Receivable , the Company also sold notes receivable on its books to Bank of America during fiscal years 2023 and 2024, which the Company partially guarantees. The outstanding balance of notes purchased by Bank of America at September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Due to the structure of the transactions, the sale did not qualify for sale accounting treatment, and as such the Company records the notes payable obligation owed by the IOs to the financial institution on its Consolidated Balance Sheets; the corresponding notes receivable also remain in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The maximum amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these guarantees equates to of the outstanding loan balance on the first day of each calendar year plus of the amount of any new loans issued during such calendar year. 
 Additionally, the Company guarantees loans for the purchase of routes made by other banks. The outstanding balance of these loans was million and million at September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of which million and million was included in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The maximum amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these guarantees equates to of the outstanding loan balance. 
 All of the above IO loans are collateralized by the routes for which the loans are made. Accordingly, the Company has the ability to recover substantially all of the outstanding loan value upon default. 
 
 11. 
 Refunds related to income taxes Payments for income taxes Finance lease additions 
 The Company presents the gain on the sale of disposals of property and equipment, and the gain on the sale of routes within (Loss) gain on sale of assets within the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
 
 12. 
 million and million for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, respectively. Comparably, the Company recorded income tax benefit for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks 
 14 

million and million, respectively. The effective tax rates for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 were and , respectively. Comparably, the effective tax rates for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023 were ) and , respectively. The Company s effective tax rates differ from the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily because of UBH, which is a partnership, is not taxed at the Company level, and is required to allocate some of its taxable results to the Continuing Members, as well as state taxes and the fair value impact of warrant liabilities. The Company s effective tax rates for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 were and , respectively, before consideration of any discrete items. During the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, the effective tax rate was impacted by the return to provision items, the sale of certain assets and brands to affiliates of Our Home and statutory state tax rate changes, which resulted in a discrete tax benefit and expense of million and million, respectively. 
 The Company regularly evaluates valuation allowances established for deferred tax assets DTAs for which future realization is uncertain. The Company assessed the available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether future taxable income would be generated to permit the use of existing DTAs. As of September 29, 2024, a significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated was the twelve-quarter cumulative loss before taxes. Such objective evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective evidence, such as projections for future growth. The Company determined that there is uncertainty regarding the utilization of certain DTAs such as the investment in UBH, federal operating losses subject to annual limitations due to change in ownership provisions, and state net operating losses where the Company does not expect to continue to have nexus. Therefore, a valuation allowance has been recorded against the DTAs for which it is more likely than not they will not be realized. The Company has DTAs related to its investment in UBH that are expected to be realized in the ordinary course of operations or generate future net operating losses for which a portion will have an indefinite carryforward period. 
 Additionally, the Company has deferred tax liabilities DTLs related to its investment in UBH that will not reverse in the ordinary course of business and will only reverse when UBH is sold or liquidated. The Company has no intention of disposing of or liquidating UBH and therefore has not considered the indefinite lived DTL as a source of income to offset other DTAs. In weighing positive and negative evidence, both objective and subjective, including its twelve-quarter cumulative loss, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance against its DTAs related to net operating losses and deductible book/tax differences and recorded a DTL primarily related to the book over tax basis in the investment in UBH that will not reverse in the ordinary course of business. The Company considered that an indefinite lived DTL may be considered as a source of taxable income for an indefinite lived DTA; however, given our indefinite lived DTL will only reverse upon sale or liquidation, the Company determined that it was more appropriate to record a valuation allowance against a portion of its DTAs. The amount of DTAs considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced or increased or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight is given to subjective evidence such as projections for growth. 
 As of September 29, 2024, tax years 2021 through 2024 remain open and subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and the majority of the states where the Company has nexus, and tax years 2019 through 2024 remain open and subject to examination in selected states that have a four-year statute of limitations. 
 Upon audit, tax authorities may challenge all or part of a tax position. A tax position successfully challenged by a taxing authority could result in an adjustment to our provision for income taxes in the period in which a final determination is made. The Company did not maintain any unrecognized tax benefits as of September 29, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 See Note 13. Equity for a discussion on distribution requirements to UBH members regarding income taxes on their flow-through income. 
 
 Tax receivable agreement liability 
 Pursuant to an election under section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code, the Company obtained an increase in its share of the tax basis in the net assets of UBH when it was deemed to purchase UBH common limited liability company units from a third party then holding common and preferred interests of the Continuing Members and its purchase of UBH units from the Continuing Members per the Business Combination Agreement. Following the Business Combination, the Continuing Members have the option to exchange UBH units, together with an equal number of shares of Class V Common Stock of UBI for a corresponding number of shares of Class A Common Stock of UBI. The Company intends to treat any such exchanges as direct purchases for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which is expected to further increase UBI's share of the tax basis in the net assets of UBH. The increases in tax basis may reduce the amounts the Company would otherwise pay in the future to various tax authorities. They may also decrease gains (or increase losses) on future dispositions of certain capital assets to the extent tax basis is allocated to those capital assets. 
 15 

million and million, respectively, related to its projected obligations under the TRA, which is reflected as current and non-current accrued expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 13. 
 UBH units together with the surrender and cancellation of the same number of shares of Class V Common Stock of UBI for an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock of UBI. The Company did not receive any proceeds as a result of this exchange. 
 The Business Combination Agreement requires UBH, which is treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, to make quarterly distributions to its members so they receive sufficient cash to settle their income tax on their share of flow-through income from UBH Tax Distributions ). The Tax Distributions are made on a prorata basis to all of the UBH members, which include UBI and the Continuing Members, such that the member with the highest liability receives sufficient cash to cover their income tax on their flow-through income from UBH. Since UBI s income tax rate is lower than the Continuing Members and UBI obtained additional tax basis in the net assets of UBH (as described in Note 12. Income Taxes ), the prorata Tax Distributions have been providing UBI with cash that exceeds its income tax liability. The excess is used for the TRA liability that is payable to the Continuing Members and special dividends to holders of Class A Common Stock of UBI. The Tax Distributions and special dividends on Class A Common Stock are recorded to the equity section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 16 

14.) Denominator: Weighted average Class A Common Stock shares, basic Dilutive securities included in diluted earnings per share calculation: Warrants RSUs PSUs Stock options Total dilutive weighted average shares Basic (loss) income per share ) Diluted (loss) income per share ) Class V Common Stock not subject to loss (income) per share calculation Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) 
 RSUs PSUs Stock options 
 
 -to-one per-share basis, because the dividends are only payable upon full vesting of the awards, and as such, the dividend is forfeitable. As of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Continuing Members held all and shares of Class V Common Stock issued and outstanding, respectively, and also held an equal number of units of UBH, which comprise the noncontrolling interest. 
 
 15. 
 17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations ("MD A") should be read in conjunction with our unaudited interim consolidated financial statements as of and for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, together with our audited consolidated financial statements for our most recently completed fiscal year set forth under Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in Item 1A "Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and other filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). 
 Our fiscal year end is the Sunday closest to December 31. Our fiscal year 2023 ended December 31, 2023 and was a fifty-two-week fiscal year. Our fiscal year 2024 will end on December 29, 2024 and will also be a fifty-two-week fiscal year. Our fiscal quarters are comprised of thirteen weeks each, except for fifty-three-week fiscal years for which the fourth quarter is comprised of fourteen weeks, and end on the thirteenth Sunday of each quarter (or the fourteenth Sunday of the fourth quarter in fifty-three-week fiscal years). 
 Overview 
 We were founded in 1921 in Hanover, Pennsylvania and benefit from over 100 years of brand awareness and heritage in the salty snack industry. We are a leading United States manufacturer of branded salty snacks, producing a broad offering of salty snacks, including potato chips, tortilla chips, pretzels, cheese snacks, pork skins, pub/party mixes and other snacks. Our iconic portfolio of authentic, craft and better-for-you ("BFY") brands includes Utz , On The Border , Zapp s , Golden Flake , Boulder Canyon , Hawaiian Brand and TORTIYAHS! , among others, and enjoys strong household penetration in the United States, where our products can be found in approximately 49 of U.S. households as of December 31, 2023. As of September 29, 2024, we operate 8 primary manufacturing facilities across the United States with a broad range of capabilities, and are distributed nationally to grocery, mass merchant, club, convenience, drug and other retailers through direct shipments, distributors and approximately 2,450 direct-store delivery ("DSD") routes. We have historically expanded our geographic reach and product portfolio organically and through acquisitions. Based on 2023 retail sales, we are the second-largest producer of branded salty snacks in our collective core geographies of Alabama, Connecticut, Delaware, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Mississippi, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Virginia, Vermont, West Virginia, and Washington, 
 Key Developments and Trends 
 Our management team monitors a number of developments and trends that could impact our revenue and profitability objectives. 
 Long-Term Demographics, Consumer Trends, and Demand We participate in the attractive and growing 39 billion U.S. salty snacks category, within the broader approximately 129 billion market for U.S. snack foods as of September 29, 2024. For the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024, U.S. retail sales for salty snacks based on Circana data decreased by 0.4 versus the comparable prior year period. Our retail sales decreased 1.3 over the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 versus the comparable prior year period. Within Potato Chips, our share performance was impacted by the softness in our Utz brand due to competitive activity, and in Zapp s , along with softness in our Golden Flake business. Importantly, Boulder Canyon gained share led by strong same store velocities in both traditional channels and in the natural channel, with growth of 26.5 and 37.3 , respectively, per Circana. A 2024 study from Circana cites that 46 of consumers snack three or more times a day, down three points compared to a year ago but with no change versus five years ago. Additionally, the salty snacks category has historically benefited from favorable competitive dynamics, including low private label penetration and category leaders competing primarily through marketing and innovation. 
 
 Competition The salty snack industry is highly competitive and includes many diverse participants. Our products primarily compete with other salty snacks but also compete more broadly for certain eating occasions with other snack foods. We believe that the principal competitive factors in the salty snack industry include taste, convenience, product variety, product quality, price, nutrition, consumer brand awareness, media and promotional activities, in-store merchandising execution, customer service, cost-efficient distribution and access to retailer shelf space. We believe we compete effectively with respect to each of these factors. Additionally, during 2024, certain competitors began to take certain discrete pricing actions in specific channels, resulting in an environment that has become far more promotional which has impacted our sales and promotional activities. 
 
 Operating Costs Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, manufacturing overhead, selling, distribution and administrative expenses. We manage these expenses through annual cost saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing and tax optimization. Additionally, we maintain ongoing efforts led by our 
 18 

transformation office to expand our profitability, including implementing significant reductions to our operating cost structure in both supply chain and overhead costs. 
 Financing Costs and Exposure to Interest Rate Changes As of September 29, 2024, we had 713.3 million in variable rate indebtedness, down from 851.9 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease in variable rate debt is primarily due to a 141.0 million payment made in connection with the Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale (as defined below) and the Manufacturing Facilities Sale (as defined below), each as described in Note 2. Divestitures and Note 4. Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, toward the outstanding balance of the Term Loan B and 17.7 million payment toward the outstanding balance of the loan by City National Bank, which is secured by a majority of the real estate assets of our subsidiaries through September 2032 (the Real Estate Term Loan . As of September 29, 2024, our variable rate indebtedness is benchmarked to the Term SOFR Screen Rate. As of September 29, 2024, we have existing interest rate swaps totaling 582.0 million of debt. Our interest rate hedge strategy has limited some of our exposure to changes in interest rates. We regularly evaluate our variable and fixed-rate debt. We continue to use low-cost, short- and long-term debt to finance our ongoing working capital, capital expenditures and other investments and dividends. Our weighted average interest rate for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was 5.7 , down from 5.8 during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023. We have used interest rate swaps to manage part of our exposure to interest rate changes, which can drive cash flow variability related to our debt. Refer to Note 8. Term Debt, Revolving Credit Facility, and Other Notes Payable and Note 9. Derivative Financial Instruments, Purchase Commitments, Warrants and Fair Value, to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this filing for additional information on debt, derivative and purchase commitment activity. The Company has experienced the effect of increased interest rates on the portion of its debt that is not hedged, any and continued increases in interest rates could negatively impact our net income. 
 Recent Developments and Significant Items Affecting Comparability 
 Divestitures 
 On February 5, 2024, the Company sold certain assets and brands to affiliates of Our Home , an operating company of Better-for-You brands Our Home ). Under the agreement, affiliates of Our Home purchased the Good Health and R.W. Garcia brands, the Lincolnton, NC and Lititz, PA manufacturing facilities and certain related assets, and assumed the Company s Las Vegas, NV facility lease and manufacturing operations (the "Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale"), for 167.5 million, subject to customary adjustments. See Note 2. Divestitures, to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this filing for further discussion. 
 On April 22, 2024, the Company sold to Our Home its Berlin, PA and Fitchburg, MA manufacturing facilities and certain related assets (the Manufacturing Facilities Sale ). The total consideration for the transactions is 18.5 million related to the facilities and certain inventory, subject to customary adjustments. 
 The Company and Our Home are operating under transition services agreements which are scheduled to expire during the first half of 2025. In addition, the parties will operate under reciprocal co-manufacturing agreements pursuant to which Our Home will co-manufacture certain of the Company's products and the Company will co-manufacture certain Good Health products. Certain Good Health products will continue to be distributed and sold on the Company's DSD network for Our Home. The Company received approximately 18.7 million in advance from Our Home for certain terms under these agreements, which the Company will recognize through income from operations over the terms of the transition services and co-manufacturing agreements. 
 19 

Trade Name Purchase 
 During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, the Company paid 9.2 million to purchase an indefinite life intangible for use of a third-party brand name. This intangible is classified as an indefinite life trade name. See Note 5. Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net. 
 Commodity and Other Cost Trends 
 We regularly monitor worldwide supply and commodity costs so that we can cost-effectively secure ingredients, packaging and fuel required for production. A number of external factors such as weather, which may be impacted in unanticipated ways due to climate change, commodity market conditions, inflationary conditions and the effects of governmental, agricultural or other programs, may affect the cost and availability of raw materials and agricultural materials used in our products. We address commodity costs primarily through the use of buying-forward, which locks in pricing for key materials between three and 18 months in advance. Other methods include hedging, net pricing adjustments to cover longer term cost inflation and manufacturing and overhead cost control. Our hedging techniques, such as forward contracts, limit the impact of fluctuations in the cost of our principal raw materials; however, we may not be able to fully hedge against commodity cost changes, where there is a limited ability to hedge, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. We experienced an increase in pricing of certain commodities throughout fiscal year 2022, which has since stabilized during fiscal year 2023 and into 2024. Commodity cost increases may adversely impact our net income. Additionally, the Company has experienced rising costs related to fuel and freight rates as well as rising labor costs, which have negatively impacted profitability. Transportation costs have been on the rise since early 2021 and may continue to rise, which may also adversely impact net income. The Company seeks to offset rising costs through increasing manufacturing and distribution efficiencies as well as through price increases to our customers, although it is unclear whether historic customer sales levels will be maintained at these higher prices. Due to competitive market conditions, planned trade or promotional incentives, or other factors, our pricing actions may also lag commodity cost changes. 
 While the costs of our principal raw materials fluctuate, we believe there will continue to be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they will generally remain available from numerous sources. Market factors may result in higher costs of sourcing those materials. 
 Independent Operator Conversions 
 Our DSD distribution is executed via Company-owned routes operated by route sales professionals ("RSPs") and third-party routes managed by IOs. We have used the IO and RSP models for more than a decade. In fiscal year 2017, we embarked on a multi-year strategy to convert all company-owned RSP routes to the IO model. The conversion process involves selling distribution rights of a defined route to an IO. As we convert a routes, there is a decrease in the selling, distribution and administrative costs that we previously incurred on RSPs and a corresponding increase in discounts paid to IOs to cover their costs to distribute our product. The net impact is a reduction in selling and distribution expenses and a decrease in net sales and gross profit. Conversions also impact our balance sheet, resulting in an increase in cash proceeds to us as a result of selling the route to an IO, or by creating notes receivable related to the sale of the routes. While we expect to have a small number of routes under the ownership of the Company as we acquire and re-sell routes as part of our normal operations, as of September 29, 2024, substantially all of our DSD routes are managed by IOs. 
 20 

Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 The following tables present selected unaudited financial data for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. 
 (in thousands) Thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 Thirteen weeks ended October 1, 2023 Thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 Thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023 Net sales 365,523 371,852 1,068,236 1,086,138 Cost of goods sold 234,500 252,583 692,886 744,980 Gross profit 131,023 119,269 375,350 341,158 Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses Selling and distribution 80,140 70,973 227,586 202,888 Administrative 29,901 34,531 96,496 123,155 Total selling, distribution, and administrative expenses 110,041 105,504 324,082 326,043 (Loss) gain on sale of assets, net (1,501) (8,488) 402 (9,275) Income from operations 19,481 5,277 51,670 5,840 Other (expense) income Gain on sale of business 44,015 Interest expense (12,591) (15,537) (36,631) (44,934) Loss on debt extinguishment (1,273) Other income 450 392 1,558 2,279 (Loss) gain on remeasurement of warrant liability (6,408) 15,984 (5,328) 16,560 Other (expense) income, net (18,549) 839 2,341 (26,095) Income (loss) before taxes 932 6,116 54,011 (20,255) Income tax expense (benefit) 160 (10,099) 25,395 (13,435) Net income (loss) 772 16,215 28,616 (6,820) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (2,970) (222) (14,956) 9,562 Net (loss) income attributable to controlling interest (2,198) 15,993 13,660 2,742 
 21 

Thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 versus Thirteen weeks ended October 1, 2023 
 Net sales 
 Net sales were 365.5 million and 371.9 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. Net sales for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 decreased 6.4 million or 1.7 over the comparable period in 2023. The Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale contributed 3.6 to the year-over-year decrease. The remaining change, totaling a 1.9 increase in net sales, was related to favorable volume/mix of 2.4 as further discussed below, offset by 0.5 attributable to lower net price realization. IO discounts increased to 46.7 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024, up from 45.4 million for the corresponding thirteen weeks ended October 1, 2023. 
 Sales are evaluated based on classification as Power Brands and Foundation Brands. Our Power Brands, which represent 79 of our volume for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024, include Utz , On The Border , Zapp s , Boulder Canyon , Golden Flake Pork, TGI Friday s , Hawaiian , Tim s Cascade , TORTYAHS , Dirty , and Jax . Our Foundation Brands, which represent 21 of our volume for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024, include Golden Flake ex-Pork, Snyder of Berlin , Bachman , H.K. Anderson , Vitner s , Kitchen Cooked , Wachusett , and other small brands, and also includes Partner brands, Private Label, Co-Man, and Utz Branded non-salty snacks such as On The Border Dips and Salsa. For the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024, Power Brand volume increased by approximately 4 , while Foundation Brand volume decreased by approximately 7 as compared to the thirteen weeks ended October 1, 2023. 
 Cost of goods sold and Gross profit 
 Gross profit was 131.0 million and 119.3 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. Our gross profit margin was 35.8 for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 versus 32.1 for the thirteen weeks ended October 1, 2023. The increase in gross profit and gross profit margin was primarily driven by benefits from productivity and favorable sales volume/mix which more than offset supply chain cost inflation, investments to support the Company s productivity initiatives and promotional activities. Additionally, IO discounts increased to 46.7 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024, up from 45.4 million for the thirteen weeks ended October 1, 2023. 
 Selling, distribution, and administrative expense 
 Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses were 110.0 million and 105.5 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, resulting in an increase of 4.5 million or 4.3 for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 over the corresponding period in fiscal year 2023. The increase in selling, distribution, and administrative expense is primarily related to increased marketing spend, higher distribution costs, and investments in selling capabilities to support distribution growth in Expansion geographies. These expenses were partially offset by productivity benefits related to logistics costs included in distribution. 
 Loss on sale of assets 
 Loss on sale of assets was 1.5 million and 8.5 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. During the thirteen weeks ended October 1, 2023, the sale of the Company's manufacturing plant in Bluffton, Indiana generated a loss of 13.4 million, partially offset by gain on sale of land for 4.0 million and the sale of IO routes and other fixed assets. 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 Other (expense) income, net was (18.5) million and 0.8 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. The increase of 19.3 million in other expense for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to the thirteen weeks ended October 1, 2023 was primarily due to an increase in the loss on the remeasurement of the warrant liability of 22.4 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024, partially offset by a decrease in interest expense of 2.9 million primarily related to the 141.0 million payment on our Term Loan B and 17.7 million payment on our Real Estate Term Loan during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024. See Note 8. Term Debt, Revolving Credit Facility, and Other Notes Payable for further discussion. 
 Income taxes 
 Income tax expense (benefit) was 0.2 million and (10.1) million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. 
 22 

Thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 versus thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023 
 Net sales 
 Net sales were 1,068.2 million and 1,086.1 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. Net sales for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 decreased 17.9 million or 1.6 over the comparable period in 2023. The Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale contributed 3.1 to the year-over-year decrease and 0.2 related to continued IO conversions. The remaining change, totaling a 1.7 increase in net sales, was related to a favorable volume/mix of 1.8 as further discussed below, offset by 0.1 related to lower price realization. IO discounts increased to 138.8 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, up from 133.5 million for the corresponding thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023. 
 Our Power Brands represent 77 of our volume for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, and our Foundation Brands, represent 23 of our volume for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024. For the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, Power Brand volume increased by approximately 4 , while Foundation Brand volume decreased by approximately 11 as compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023. 
 Cost of goods sold and Gross profit 
 Gross profit was 375.4 million and 341.2 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. Our gross profit margin was 35.1 for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 versus 31.4 for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023. The increase in gross profit and gross profit margin were primarily driven by benefits from productivity and favorable sales volume/mix which more than offset supply chain cost inflation, investments to support the Company s productivity initiatives and slightly lower pricing. Additionally, IO discounts increased to 138.8 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, up from 133.5 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023. 
 Selling, distribution, and administrative expense 
 Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses were 324.1 million and 326.0 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, resulting in a decrease of 2.0 million or 0.6 for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 over the corresponding period in fiscal year 2023. The decrease in selling, distribution, and administrative expense was primarily attributable to 9.5 million related to the impairment of fixed assets, primarily related to the closure of the manufacturing operation at the Birmingham, AL facility during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023 as discussed in Note 4. Property, Plant and Equipment, Net. The Company also recognized a liability and related expense of 4.7 million related to a contract termination with a co-manufacturer, which is recorded in the administrative line in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023. This agreement was a continuation of the Company's response to shifting production from a manufacturing facility that was damaged by a natural disaster in 2021. This decrease was partially offset by an increased marketing spend, higher distribution costs, and investments in selling capabilities to support distribution growth in Expansion geographies. 
 Gain (loss) on sale of assets 
 Gain (loss) on sale of assets was 0.4 million and (9.3) million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. The loss during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023 was primarily related to the sale of the Company's manufacturing facility in Bluffton, Indiana which generated a loss of 13.4 million, partially offset by gain on sale of land for 4.0 million and the sale of IO routes and other fixed assets. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net was 2.3 million and (26.1) million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. The increase in other income of 28.4 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023 was primarily due to the gain on sale of business of 44.0 million relating to the Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale which occurred on February 5, 2024. See Note 2. Divestitures, for further discussion. The decrease in interest expense of 8.3 million primarily related to the 141.0 million payment on our Term Loan B and the 17.7 million payment on our Real Estate Term Loan during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024. This increase was partially offset by an increase in the loss on the remeasurement of the warrant liability of 21.9 million and the loss on debt extinguishment of 1.3 million recognized during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024. See Note 8. Term Debt, Revolving Credit Facility, and Other Notes Payable, for further discussion. 
 23 

Income taxes 
 Income tax expense (benefit) was 25.4 million and (13.4) million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. The increase in income tax expense for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 versus the corresponding period in fiscal year 2023 is primarily attributable to the Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale, which occurred on February 5, 2024. See Note 2. Divestitures, for further discussion. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use non-GAAP financial information and believe it is useful to investors as it provides additional information to facilitate comparisons of historical operating results, identifies trends in our underlying operating results and provides additional insight and transparency on how we evaluate the business. We use non-GAAP financial measures to budget, make operating and strategic decisions and evaluate our performance. We have detailed the non-GAAP adjustments that we make in our non-GAAP definitions below. The adjustments generally fall within the categories of non-cash items, acquisition, divestiture and integration costs and gains, business transformation initiatives and financing-related costs. We believe the non-GAAP measures should always be considered along with the related U.S. GAAP financial measures. We have provided the reconciliations between the U.S. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures below, and we also discuss our underlying U.S. GAAP results throughout this MD A section. 
 Our primary non-GAAP financial measures are listed below and reflect how we evaluate our current and prior-year operating results. As new events or circumstances arise, these definitions could change. When the definitions change, we will provide the updated definitions and present the related non-GAAP historical results on a comparable basis. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define EBITDA as net income before Interest, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization. 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA further adjusted to exclude certain non-cash items, such as accruals for long-term incentive programs, hedging and purchase commitments adjustments, remeasurement of warrant liabilities, asset impairments, acquisition, divestiture and integration costs and gains, business transformation initiatives and financing-related costs. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is one of the key performance indicators we use in evaluating our operating performance and in making financial, operating and planning decisions. We believe EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are useful to investors in the evaluation of our operating performance compared to other companies in the salty snack industry, as similar measures are commonly used by companies in this industry. However, we caution that other companies may use different definitions from us, and their figures may not be directly comparable to our figures. We also report Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of Net Sales as an additional measure for investors to evaluate our Adjusted EBITDA margins on Net Sales. 
 24 

The following table provides a reconciliation from net income (loss) to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023: 
 (dollars in millions) Thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 Thirteen weeks ended October 1, 2023 Thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 Thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023 Net income (loss) 
 0.8 16.2 28.6 (6.8) Plus non-GAAP adjustments: Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 0.2 (10.1) 25.4 (13.4) Depreciation and Amortization 17.5 19.7 53.4 60.1 Interest Expense, Net 12.6 15.5 36.6 44.9 Interest Income (IO loans) (1) 
 (0.6) (0.5) (1.5) (1.4) EBITDA 30.5 40.8 142.5 83.4 Certain Non-Cash Adjustments (2) 
 6.2 24.5 15.1 42.2 Acquisition, Divestiture and Integration (3) 
 2.8 1.3 (34.5) 8.7 Business Transformation Initiatives (4) 
 8.1 1.4 18.4 19.9 Financing-Related Costs (5) 
 0.1 0.3 0.2 Gain on Remeasurement of Warrant Liability (6) 
 6.4 (16.0) 5.3 (16.6) Adjusted EBITDA 54.0 52.1 147.1 137.8 Net income (loss) as a of Net Sales 0.2 4.4 2.7 (0.6) Adjusted EBITDA as a of Net Sales 14.8 14.0 13.8 12.7 
 (1) Interest Income from IO loans refers to Interest Income that we earn from IO notes receivable that have resulted from our initiatives to transition from RSP distribution to IO distribution ("Business Transformation Initiatives"). There is a notes payable recorded that mirrors most of the IO notes receivable, and the interest expense associated with the notes payable is part of the Interest Expense, Net adjustment. 
 (2) Certain Non-Cash Adjustments are comprised primarily of the following: 
 Incentive programs The Company incurred 4.7 million and 3.7 million of share-based compensation expense, which was awarded to associates and directors, and compensation expense associated with the employee stock purchase plan (the "ESPP") and the omnibus equity incentive plan (the "OEIP") for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. The Company incurred 13.1 million and 11.8 million of share-based compensation expense, which was awarded to associates and directors, and compensation expense associated with the ESPP and the OEIP for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. 
 Asset Impairments and Write-Offs For the thirteen weeks ended October 1, 2023, the Company recorded an adjustment for a non-cash loss on sale of 13.7 million related to fixed assets for the sale of the Bluffton, Indiana plant along with the transfer of 4.7 million from Business Transformation Initiatives in note (4) below related to the termination of a contract that was settled with the sale. During the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023, the Company recorded impairments and non-cash loss on sale totaling 0.1 million and 23.3 million, respectively. 
 Purchase Commitments and Other Adjustments We have purchase commitments for specific quantities at fixed prices for certain of our products key ingredients. To facilitate comparisons of our underlying operating results, this adjustment was made to remove the volatility of purchase commitments related to unrealized gains and losses. The adjustment related to Purchase Commitments and Other Adjustments, including cloud computing amortization was expense of 1.5 million and 2.3 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. The adjustment related to Purchase Commitments and Other Adjustments, including cloud computing amortization was 2.0 million and 2.4 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Adjustment for Acquisition, Divestiture and Integration Costs and (Gains) Such expenses were 2.8 million and 1.2 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively; and 9.5 million and 9.5 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. Additionally, other acquisitions and integration costs (income) of 0.1 million were recorded for the thirteen weeks ended October 1, 2023 and (0.8) million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023 related to the change in the liability associated with the TRA entered into in connection with the consummation of the business combination of UBI with UBH pursuant to the terms of 
 25 

the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2020. Also included for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was a gain of 44.0 million related to the Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale. 
 (4) Business Transformation Initiatives Adjustment This adjustment is related to consultancy, professional and legal fees incurred for specific initiatives and structural changes to the business that do not reflect the cost of normal business operations. In addition, gains and losses realized from the sale of distribution rights to IOs and the subsequent disposal of trucks, severance costs associated with the elimination of RSP positions, and enterprise resource planning system transition costs, fall into this category. The Company incurred such costs of 8.1 million and 6.1 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, and 18.4 million and 24.6 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. Additionally, the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023 also includes expense of 4.7 million related to a contract termination. This agreement was a continuation of the Company's response to shifting production from a manufacturing facility that was damaged by a natural disaster in 2021. 
 (5) Financing-Related Costs These costs include adjustments for various items related to raising debt and equity capital or debt extinguishment costs. 
 (6) Gains and Losses Such gains and losses related to the changes in the remeasurement of warrant liabilities are not expected to be settled in cash, and when exercised would result in a cash inflow to the Company with the Warrants converting to Class A Common Stock with the liability being extinguished and the fair value of the Warrants at the time of exercise being recorded as an increase to equity. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 We believe that the cash provided by our operating activities, revolving credit facility, term loans, and derivative financial instruments will continue to provide sufficient liquidity for our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures and future payments of our contractual and tax obligations, both in the short term and long term. We continually evaluate our financing strategy to meet our short- and longer-term capital needs. From time-to-time, we may dispose of assets or enter into other cash generating transactions, such as through a sale-leaseback, when we deem beneficial. To date, we have been successful in generating cash and raising financing as needed. However, if a serious economic or credit market crisis ensues or another adverse development arises, it could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Financing Arrangements 
 The primary objective of our financing strategy is to maintain a prudent capital structure that provides us flexibility to pursue our growth objectives. We use short-term debt as management determines is reasonable, principally to finance ongoing operations, including our seasonal requirements for working capital (generally accounts receivable, inventory, and prepaid expenses and other current assets, less accounts payable, accrued payroll, and other accrued liabilities), and a combination of equity and long-term debt to finance both our base working capital needs and our non-current assets. 
 Term Debt and Revolving Credit Facility 
 On April 17, 2024, the Company amended its Term Loan B to refinance in full all of the 630.3 million outstanding in term loans and reduce the interest rate from SOFR plus the applicable rate of 3.00 plus a credit spread adjustment to SOFR plus the applicable rate of 2.75 , as well as make certain other changes. Other material terms of the Term Loan B, including the January 2028 maturity date, remain unchanged. The Company recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of 1.3 million related to the refinancing of its Term Loan B in its Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024. On April 17, 2024, the Company also amended its asset-based revolving credit facility ("ABL facility") to reduce the rate from SOFR plus the applicable rate ranging from 1.50 -2.00 plus a credit spread adjustment to SOFR plus the applicable rate ranging from 1.50 -2.00 , as well as certain other changes. Other material terms of the ABL facility, including maturity date, remain unchanged. 
 ABL Facility 
 As of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 22.7 million and 0.4 million, respectively, was outstanding under the ABL facility. Availability under the ABL facility is based on a monthly accounts receivable and inventory borrowing base certification, which is net of outstanding letters of credit and amounts borrowed. As of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 
 26 

2023, 158.8 million and 158.4 million, respectively, was available for borrowing, net of letters of credit. Standby letters of credit in the amount of 10.3 million and 12.2 million have been issued as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The standby letters of credit are primarily issued for insurance purposes. Refer to Note 8. Term Debt, Revolving Credit Facility, and Other Notes Payable, for more information. 
 Cash Requirements 
 Our expected future payments at September 29, 2024 primarily consisted of: 
 Short-term cash requirements related primarily to funding operations (including expenditures for raw materials, labor, manufacturing and distribution, trade and promotions, advertising and marketing, benefit plan obligations and lease expenses) as well as periodic expenditures for acquisitions, stockholder returns (such as dividend payments), property, plant and equipment and any significant one-time non-operating items; 
 Cash requirements related to other notes payable and capital leases (Refer to Note 8. Term Debt, Revolving Credit Facility, and Other Notes Payable ); 
 Long-term cash requirements primarily related to funding long-term debt repayments and related interest payment on long-term debt (Refer to Note 8. Term Debt, Revolving Credit Facility, and Other Notes Payable ); 
 Long-term cash requirements related to our current and deferred taxes; and 
 Operating lease liabilities. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Purchase Commitments 
 The Company has outstanding purchase commitments for specific quantities at fixed prices for certain key ingredients to economically hedge commodity input prices. Refer to Note 9. Derivative Financial Instruments, Purchase Commitments, Warrants and Fair Value. 
 IO Guarantees Off Balance Sheet 
 The Company partially guarantees loans made to IOs by Bank of America and two other banks for the purchase of routes, some of which was recorded in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet and some of which were off-balance sheet arrangements. These loans are collateralized by the routes for which the loans are made. Accordingly, the Company has the ability to recover substantially all of the outstanding loan value upon default. Refer to Note 10. Contingencies . 
 Cash Flow 
 The following table presents net cash provided by operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. 
 (in thousands) Thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 Thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 51,953 49,130 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 116,085 (37,505) Net cash used in financing activities (155,170) (24,461) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was 52.0 million compared to 49.1 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023, with the difference largely driven by increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other, and cash net income, partially offset by a decrease related to the timing of accounts receivable, net, as well as inventories and prepaid expenses and other assets, which includes approximately 30 million impact from the Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale and Manufacturing Facilities Sale. 
 27 

Cash provided by investing activities for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was 116.1 million, primarily driven by proceeds from sale of business of 167.5 million, proceeds from sale of property and equipment primarily related to the sale of the manufacturing facilities in Birmingham, AL, Berlin, PA and Fitchburg, MA and proceeds from the sale of routes to IOs. These proceeds were partially offset by purchases of property and equipment, notes receivable and purchase of intangibles related to an indefinite life intangible for the use of a third-party brand name. This compares to the cash used in investing activity of 37.5 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023 primarily driven by purchases of property and equipment. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 155.2 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, primarily driven by the pay down of debt utilizing the proceeds from the Good Health and R.W. Garcia Sale partially offset by borrowings on line of credit as well as payment of dividends and distributions to noncontrolling interest versus net cash used in financing activities of 24.5 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2023, which was primarily a result of repayments on term debt and notes payable, payments of dividends and distributions to noncontrolling interest partially offset by net borrowings on the line of credit. 
 
 Debt Covenants 
 The Term Loan B and the ABL facility are collateralized by substantially all of the assets and liabilities of UBH and its subsidiaries excluding the real estate assets secured by the Real Estate Term Loan, including equity interests in certain of UBH s subsidiaries. The credit agreements contain certain affirmative and negative covenants as to operations and the financial condition of UBH and its subsidiaries. UBH and its subsidiaries were in compliance with their financial covenants as of September 29, 2024. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1. Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the unaudited consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 There were no changes to critical accounting policies and estimates from those disclosed in Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates under Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on February 29, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see Item 7A. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on February 29, 2024. Our exposures to market risk have not changed materially since the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on February 29, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15e under the Exchange Act) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that information relating to the Company is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 29, 2024 are effective at a level of reasonable assurance. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during its most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 28 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are named as a defendant in legal actions arising from our normal business activities. Although we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate resolution of lawsuits, investigations and claims asserted against us, we do not believe any currently pending legal proceeding to which we are a party will have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our risk factors are set forth in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on February 29, 2024. There have been no material changes to our risk factors since the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on February 29, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 a) 
 Amendment No. 2 to Investor Rights Agreement. 
 On October 28, 2024, UBI entered into Amendment No. 2 to Investor Rights Agreement Amendment No. 2 ), by and among UBI, Series U, in its capacity as the Seller Representative (as defined therein), Jason K. Giordano, in his capacity as the Sponsor Representative (as defined therein), and certain holders of UBI s securities, pursuant to which the parties amended the Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2020 (as amended, the Rights Agreement ), to eliminate the rights of the Seller Representative and the Sponsor Representative set forth in the Rights Agreement to remove their nominees from the Board of Directors of UBI. 
 The foregoing description of Amendment No. 2 is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of Amendment No. 2, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated into this Item 5(a) by reference. 
 b) None. 
 (c) 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 
 During the three months ended September 29, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 29 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 The exhibits listed in the following exhibit index are furnished as part of this report. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 
 Certificate of Domestication of the Company, dated as of August 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on September 3, 2020). 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated as of March 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on August 1, 2024). 
 3.3 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, dated as of March 21, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on May 11, 2023). 
 1 0.1 
 Amendment No. 2 to Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2024, by and among Utz Brands, Inc., and certain of its stockholders. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith Furnished herewith 
 30 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: October 31, 2024 UTZ BRANDS, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ Ajay Kataria 
 Name: Ajay Kataria 
 Title: Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
 31 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ubi-investorrightsagreemen.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO INVESTOR RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO INVESTOR RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), is effective as of October 30, 2024 (the Effective Date by and among (i) Utz Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation PubCo (ii) Series U of UM Partners, LLC, a series of a Delaware limited liability company Series U ), in its capacity as the Seller Representative hereunder (iii) Jason K. Giordano, in his capacity as theSponsor Representative and (iv) the undersigned Holders holding in the aggregate more than fifty (50 of the Registrable Securities Beneficially Owned by the Holders. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS , the Parties are party to that certain Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2020 (the Initial IRA ). 
 WHEREAS , the Parties amended the Initial IRA pursuant to that certain Investor Rights Agreement Amendment Dated October 21, 2021, by and among the Parties (the Initial IRA, as amended by such amendment, the IRA ). 
 WHEREAS , the undersigned, constituting the necessary parties to further amend the IRA, desire to further amend the IRA to modify certain governance rights set forth in Article II of the IRA. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual agreements hereinafter contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 AGREEMENT 
 1. Section 2.1(e) of the IRA is hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows 
 (e) Removal Vacancies . The Seller Representative or the Sponsor Representative, as applicable, shall have the exclusive right to designate directors for election to the Board to fill vacancies created by reason of death, removal or resignation of its nominees to the Board, and PubCo, the Founder Holders and the Sellers shall take all Necessary Action to cause any such vacancies created pursuant to this Section 2.1(e) to be filled by replacement directors designated by the applicable Party as promptly as practicable after such designation (and in any event prior to the next meeting or action of the Board or applicable committee). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.1(e) , no Party shall have the right to designate a replacement director, and PubCo shall not be required to take any action to cause any vacancy to be filled by any such designee, to the extent that election or appointment of such designee to the Board would result in a number of directors nominated or designated by such Party in excess of the number of directors that such Party is then entitled to nominate for membership on the Board pursuant to this Investor Rights Agreement. 
 LEGAL 72879816 2 

2. This Amendment will become effective as of the Effective Date. Except as expressly provided in this Amendment, all of the terms and provisions of the IRA are and will remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed by the Parties. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the amendments contained herein will not be construed as an amendment to or waiver of any other provision of the IRA or as a waiver of or consent to any further or future action on the part of any Party that would require the waiver or consent of any other Party. On and after the Effective Date, each reference in the IRA to this Agreement, the Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import, and each reference to the IRA in any other agreements, documents, or instruments executed and delivered pursuant to, or in connection with, the IRA, will mean and be a reference to the IRA as amended by this Amendment. 
 3. This Amendment is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions of such State. 
 4. This Amendment shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each of the Parties and each of their respective successors and assigns. 
 5. The headings in this Amendment are for reference only and do not affect the interpretation of this Amendment. 
 6. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which is deemed an original, but all of which constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment electronically shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Amendment. 
 7. This Amendment constitutes the sole and entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. 
 SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW 
 
 LEGAL 72879816 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has duly executed this Amendment No. 2 to Investor Rights Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
 
 PUBCO 
 
 UTZ BRANDS, INC. 
 
 By s Howard Friedman 
 Name Howard Friedman 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 SPONSOR REPRESENTATIVE 

s Jason K. Giordano 
 Jason K. Giordano 
 
 SELLER REPRESENTATIVE 
 
 SERIES U OF UM PARTNERS, LLC 

By s Dylan B. Lissette 
 Name Dylan B. Lissette 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

HOLDERS OF REGISTRABLE SECURITIES 
 
 SERIES U OF UM PARTNERS, LLC 

By s Dylan B. Lissette 
 Name Dylan B. Lissette 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 SERIES R OF UM PARTNERS, LLC 

By s Dylan B. Lissette 
 Name Dylan B. Lissette 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

Amendment No. 2 to Investor Rights Agreement 

s Jason K. Giordano 
 Jason K. Giordano 
 
 CC COLLIER HOLDINGS, LLC 

By s Chinh E. Chu 
 Name Chinh E. Chu 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

ROGER K. DEROMEDI REVOCABLE TRUST, DATED 2 11 2000, AMENDED AND RESTATED 11 9 2011 

By s Roger K. Deromedi 
 Roger K. Deromedi, Trustee 
 
 ROGER K. DEROMEDI IRREVOCABLE GENERATION SKIPPING TRUST U A D 10 1 2020 F B O SANDRA E. DEROMEDI 

By s Sandra E. Deromedi 
 Sandra E. Deromedi, Trustee 
 
 ROGER K. DEROMEDI IRREVOCABLE GRANTOR RETAINED ANNUITY TRUST DATED 11 01 2021 

By s Roger K. Deromedi 
 Roger K. Deromedi, Trustee 
 
 THE ROGER K. DEROMEDI IRREVOCABLE GRANTOR RETAINED ANNUITY TRUST (GRAT) U A D 2 22 2024 (THE GRAT U A D 2 22 2024 

By s Roger K. Deromedi 
 Roger K. Deromedi, Trustee 

Amendment No. 2 to Investor Rights Agreement 

CC CAPITAL SP, LP By CC Capital GP, LLC, its General Partner 

By s Matthew B. Skurbe 
 Name Matthew B. Skurbe 
 Title Senior Managing Director - COO, CFO 

Amendment No. 2 to Investor Rights Agreement 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 utz20240929exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Howard Friedman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Utz Brands, Inc. (the Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 

Exhibit 31.1 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 
 By s Howard Friedman 
 Name Howard Friedman 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 utz20240929exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ajay Kataria, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Utz Brands, Inc. (the Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 

Exhibit 31.2 

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 
 By s Ajay Kataria 
 Name Ajay Kataria 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 utz20240929exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Utz Brands, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 29, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Howard Friedman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(D) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated October 31, 2024 
 
 By s Howard Friedman 
 Name Howard Friedman 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 utz20240929exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Utz Brands, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 29, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ajay Kataria, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(D) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated October 31, 2024 
 By s Ajay Kataria 
 Name Ajay Kataria 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 utz-20240929.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 utz-20240929_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 utz-20240929_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 utz-20240929_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 utz-20240929_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

