<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241206_10-Q_edgar_data_1524025_0001628280-24-050257.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6315186</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88058</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1090169</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2254948</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1549760</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1208327</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-050257.hdr.sgml : 20241206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241206172306
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-050257
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241102
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TILLY'S, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001524025
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-APPAREL & ACCESSORY STORES [5600]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				452164791
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0128

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35535
		FILM NUMBER:		241533263

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 WHATNEY
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 609-5599

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 WHATNEY
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-050257.txt : 20241206

10-Q
 1
 tlys-20241102.htm
 10-Q

tlys-20241102 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 __________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________________________________________ 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number: 
 __________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 __________________________________________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2) Yes No 
 As of December 4, 2024, the registrant had the following shares of common stock outstanding: 
 Class A common stock 0.001 par value Class B common stock 0.001 par value 

Table of Contents 

TILLY S, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended November 2, 2024 
 Index 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of November 2, 2024, February 3, 2024 and October 28, 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Thirteen and Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Thirteen and Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity as of November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 
 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 
 11 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 30 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 30 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 31 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 31 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 31 
 Signatures 
 32 

3 

Table of Contents 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this "Report") contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical or current fact included in this Report are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements refer to our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, strategies, future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as anticipate , estimate , expect , project , plan , intend , believe , may , might , will , should , can have , likely and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future operating or financial performance or other events. For example, all statements we make relating to our estimated and projected earnings, revenues, comparable store sales, operating income, earnings per share, costs, expenditures, cash flows, growth rates and financial results, our plans and objectives for future operations, growth or initiatives, strategies or the expected outcome or impact of pending or threatened litigation are forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expected, including: 
 the impacts of inflation on consumer spending generally and on our expense management, operating results and financial condition; 
 our ability to adapt to declines in consumer confidence and decreases in consumer spending; 
 the impact of fluctuations in the price and availability of raw materials, labor, and transportation; 
 our ability to compete effectively in an environment of intense competition in stores, online and via social media marketing platforms; 
 our ability to adapt to changing trends in traffic for our stores and changes in our customers' purchasing patterns; 
 our ability to identify and respond to new and changing customer fashion preferences and fashion-related trends; 
 our ability to secure desirable lease arrangements and other economics to improve our profitability; 
 our ability to successfully open new stores and profitably operate our existing stores; 
 our ability to attract customers to our e-commerce ("e-com") platform and generate acceptable levels of return from our digital marketing efforts and other e-com growth initiatives; 
 our ability to generate adequate cash from our existing stores and e-com to support our business; 
 our ability to generate sufficient undiscounted cash flows to recover our investment in long-lived and right-of-use assets; 
 our ability to generate sufficient pre-tax income to fully utilize our deferred tax assets; 
 the success of the malls, power centers, neighborhood and lifestyle centers, outlet centers and street-front locations in which our stores are located; 
 our ability to adapt to unseasonable weather impacting sales of our seasonal merchandise; 
 our dependence on third-party vendors to provide us with sufficient quantities of merchandise at acceptable prices and on time; 
 our ability to adapt to significant changes in sales due to the seasonality of our business; 
 our dependence upon key executive management or our inability to hire or retain the talent required for our business; 
 our ability to establish, maintain and enhance a strong brand image; 
 most of our merchandise is made in foreign countries, making price and availability of our merchandise susceptible to international trade conditions; 
 our ability to balance proprietary branded merchandise with the third-party branded merchandise we sell; 
 our ability to efficiently utilize our e-com fulfillment center; 
 our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to make significant periodic lease payments for our stores, corporate offices and distribution centers; 
 our ability to attract customers in the various retail venues and geographies in which our stores are located; 
 our ability to respond to litigation claims we are subject to; 
 our ability to respond to changes in employment and wage and hour laws; 
 failure of our vendors and their manufacturing sources to use acceptable labor or other practices; 
 our ability to effectively respond to disruptions in our supply chain and distribution center; 
 our ability to adjust to increasing costs of mailing catalogs, paper and printing; 
 failure of our information technology systems to support our business, before and after our planned upgrades; 
 our ability to secure our data and comply with privacy laws and the security standards of the credit card industry; 
 disruptions to our information systems in the ordinary course of business, as a result of systems upgrades or due to intentional attacks; 
 our ability to protect our trademarks or other intellectual property rights; 
 our potential liability if we or our vendors unknowingly infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third parties; 
 natural disasters, unusually adverse weather conditions, port delays, boycotts, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorism, civil unrest and other unanticipated events; 
 the potential effects of unionization and work stoppages or slowdowns by our employees; 
 continuing costs incurred as a result of being a public company; and 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

our ability to respond to risks associated with climate change, environmental, social and governance initiatives, and sustainability initiatives. 
 We derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. 
 See Risk Factors within our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties mentioned above and for discussion of other risks and uncertainties. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements as well as others made in this Report and hereafter in our other SEC filings and public communications. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made by us in the context of these risks and uncertainties. 
 We caution you that the risks and uncertainties identified by us may not be all of the factors that are important to you. Furthermore, the disclosures and forward-looking statements included in this Report are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Part I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 TILLY S, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except par value) 
 (Unaudited) 
 November 2, 2024 February 3, 2024 October 28, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Receivables Merchandise inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Operating lease assets Property and equipment, net Deferred tax assets, net Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Accrued compensation and benefits Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities, related party Other liabilities Total current liabilities Noncurrent portion of operating lease liabilities Noncurrent portion of operating lease liabilities, related party Other liabilities Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Notes 2 and 5) par value; shares authorized; , and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Common stock (Class B), par value; shares authorized; , and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

TILLY S, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Net sales Cost of goods sold (includes buying, distribution, and occupancy costs) Rent expense, related party Total cost of goods sold (includes buying, distribution, and occupancy costs) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Rent expense, related party Total selling, general, and administrative expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Other income, net Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Basic net loss per share of Class A and Class B common stock ) ) ) ) Diluted net loss per share of Class A and Class B common stock ) ) ) ) Weighted average basic shares outstanding Weighted average diluted shares outstanding 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

TILLY S, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Net change in unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

TILLY S, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Number of Shares Common Stock (Class A) Common Stock (Class B) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Balance at August 3, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) Share-based compensation expense Net change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Balance at November 2, 2024 ) 
 
 Number of Shares Common Stock (Class A) Common Stock (Class B) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders Equity Balance at July 29, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) Restricted stock forfeited ) Share-based compensation expense Employee stock option exercises Taxes paid on short-swing profits disgorgement payment ) ) Net change in unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities Balance at October 28, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

9 

Table of Contents 

TILLY S, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Number of Shares Common Stock (Class A) Common Stock (Class B) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Balance at February 3, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) Restricted stock Share-based compensation expense Employee stock option exercises Net change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Balance at November 2, 2024 ) 
 
 Number of Shares Common Stock (Class A) Common Stock (Class B) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital (Accumulated Deficit) Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders Equity Balance at January 28, 2023 Net loss ) ) Restricted stock, net of forfeitures Share-based compensation expense Employee stock option exercises Taxes paid on short-swing profits disgorgement payment ) ) Net change in unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities Balance at October 28, 2024 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

TILLY S, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Impairment of assets (Gain) loss on disposal of assets ) Gain on maturities of marketable securities ) ) Deferred income taxes ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables Merchandise inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses ) Accrued compensation and benefits ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Taxes paid on short-swing profits disgorgement payment ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash provided by financing activities Change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Income taxes paid (refunded) ) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities: Unpaid purchases of property and equipment Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining operating lease assets 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

TILLY S, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1: 
 stores, in states as of November 2, 2024. Our stores are located in malls, lifestyle centers, power centers, community centers, outlet centers and street-front locations. Customers may also shop online at www.tillys.com, where we feature the same assortment of products as carried in our brick-and-mortar stores, supplemented by additional online-only styles. Our goal is to serve as a destination for the latest, most relevant merchandise and brands important to our customers. 
 The Tillys concept began in 1982, when our co-founders, Hezy Shaked and Tilly Levine, opened their first store in Orange County, California. Since 1984, the business has been conducted through World of Jeans Tops, a California corporation, or WOJT , which operates under the name Tillys . In May 2011, Tilly s, Inc., a Delaware corporation, was formed solely for the purpose of reorganizing the corporate structure of WOJT in preparation for an initial public offering. As part of the initial public offering in May 2012, WOJT became a wholly owned subsidiary of Tilly's, Inc. 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Tilly's, Inc. and WOJT. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 As used in these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, except where the context otherwise requires or where otherwise indicated, the terms "the Company", "we", "our", "us" and "Tillys" refer to Tilly's, Inc. and its subsidiary, WOJT. 
 
 Note 2: 

12 

Table of Contents 

E-com Total net sales 
 The following table summarizes the percentage of net sales by department: 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Mens Womens Accessories Footwear Boys Girls Total net sales 
 The following table summarizes the percentage of net sales by third-party and proprietary branded merchandise: 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Third-party Proprietary Total net sales 
 We accrue for estimated sales returns by customers based on historical sales return results. As of November 2, 2024, February 3, 2024 and October 28, 2023, our reserve for sales returns was million, million and million, respectively, and is included in accrued expenses on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 We recognize revenue from gift cards as they are redeemed for merchandise. Prior to redemption, we maintain a current liability for unredeemed gift card balances. The customer liability balance was million, million and million as of November 2, 2024, February 3, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively, and is included in deferred revenue on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our gift cards do not have expiration dates, and in most cases there is no legal obligation to remit unredeemed gift cards to relevant jurisdictions. Based on actual historical redemption patterns, we determined that a small percentage of gift cards are unlikely to be redeemed (which we refer to as gift card "breakage"). Based on our historical gift card breakage rate, we recognize breakage revenue over the redemption period in proportion to actual gift card redemptions. Revenue recognized from gift cards was million and million for the thirteen weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively. For the thirteen weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, the opening gift card balance was million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, were recognized as revenue during these periods. Revenue recognized from gift cards was million and million for the thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively. For the thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, the opening gift card balance was million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, were recognized as revenue during these periods. 
 We have a customer loyalty program where customers accumulate points based on purchase activity. Once a loyalty member achieves a certain point level, the member earns an award that may be used towards the purchase of merchandise. Unredeemed awards and accumulated partial points are accrued as deferred revenue and awards redeemed by the member for merchandise are recorded as an increase to net sales. Our loyalty program allows customers to redeem their awards instantly or build up to additional awards over time. Unredeemed awards and accumulated partial points expire days after the customer's original purchase date. A liability is estimated based on the standalone selling price of points earned and expected future redemptions. The deferred revenue for this program was million as of November 2, 2024, February 3, 2024 and October 28, 2023. The 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

million and million for the thirteen-weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively. For the thirteen weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, the opening loyalty program balance was million and million, respectively, of which million was recognized as revenue during both of these periods. The value of points redeemed through our loyalty program was million and million for the thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively. For the thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, the opening loyalty program balance was million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, were recognized as revenue during these periods. 
 . Furniture and fixtures are depreciated over . Computer software is depreciated over . Leasehold improvements and the cost of acquiring leasehold rights are amortized over the lesser of the term of the lease or the estimated useful life of the improvement. The cost of assets sold or retired and the related accumulated depreciation is removed from the accounts with any resulting gain or loss included in net loss in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Repairs and maintenance costs are charged directly to expense as incurred. Major renewals, replacements and improvements that substantially extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated. 
 Computer hardware and software Furniture and fixtures Machinery and equipment Vehicles Construction in progress Property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was million and million for the thirteen-weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively. Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was million and million for the thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively. 
 years in duration (subject to elective extensions) and provide for escalations in base rents. Many of our store leases contain or more options to renew the lease at our sole discretion. Generally, we do not consider any additional renewal periods to be reasonably certain of being exercised. 
 Most store leases include tenant allowances from landlords, rent escalation clauses and/or contingent rent provisions. Certain leases provide for additional rent based on a percentage of sales and annual rent increases generally based upon the Consumer Price Index. In addition, most of our store leases are net leases, which typically require us to be responsible for certain property operating expenses, including property taxes, insurance, common area maintenance, in addition to base rent. Many of our store leases contain certain co-tenancy provisions that permit us to pay rent based on a pre-determined percentage of sales when the occupancy of the retail center falls below minimums established in the lease. For non-cancelable operating lease agreements, operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities are established for leases with an expected term greater than one year, and we recognize a single lease cost, with such cost allocated over the lease term, on a straight-line basis. We do not record any leases with terms of 12 months or less as operating lease assets or operating lease liabilities, these are instead expensed as incurred. Contingent rent, determined based on a percentage of net sales in excess of specified levels, is recognized as rent expense when the achievement of those specified net sales is probable. 

14 

Table of Contents 

square feet of office and warehouse space (10 and 12 Whatney, Irvine, California) from a company that is owned by the co-founders of Tillys. During each of the thirteen and thirty-nine week periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 we incurred rent expense of million and million, respectively, related to this lease. Pursuant to the lease agreement, the lease payment adjusts annually based upon the Los Angeles/Anaheim/Riverside Urban Consumer Price Index (the "LAARUCPI"), not to exceed . The lease began on January 1, 2003 and terminates on December 31, 2027. 
 We lease approximately square feet of office and warehouse space (11 Whatney, Irvine, California) from a company that is owned by one of the co-founders of Tillys. During each of the thirteen and thirty-nine week periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 we incurred rent expense of million and million, respectively, related to this lease. Pursuant to the lease agreement, the lease payment adjusts annually at the greater of or the change in the LAARUCPI. The lease began on June 29, 2012 and terminates on June 30, 2032. 
 We lease approximately square feet of office and warehouse space (17 Pasteur, Irvine, California) from a company that is owned by one of the co-founders of Tillys. We use this property as our e-com distribution center. During each of the thirteen and thirty-nine week periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 we incurred rent expense of million and million, respectively, related to this lease. The lease payment adjusts annually based upon the greater of or the change in the LAARUCPI. The lease began on November 1, 2011 and terminates on October 31, 2031. 
 We sublease a portion of our office space, approximately square feet, in the 17 Pasteur, Irvine, California facility to Tilly's Life Center ("TLC"), a related party and a charitable organization. During the thirteen-week periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 we recorded sublease income of thousand and thousand, respectively, related to this lease. During the thirty-nine week periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 we recorded sublease income of thousand and thousand, respectively. The lease term is for and terminates on January 31, 2027. Sublease income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the sublease agreement and is recorded as an offset within the selling, general and administrative section in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: Amount representing interest Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 
 As of November 2, 2024, additional operating lease liabilities that had not yet commenced were million. 
 
 Variable lease expense Total lease expense 

15 

Table of Contents 

Variable lease expense Total lease expense 
 Supplemental lease information for the thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 was as follows: 
 Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities (in thousands) Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) years years Weighted average interest rate (1) 
 
 (1) Since our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we used our incremental borrowing rate ("IBR") at lease inception, or lease modification, in determining the present value of future minimum payments. In determining an appropriate IBR, our assumptions included the use of a consistent discount rate for a portfolio of leases entered into at varying dates, the full term of the lease, excluding any options, and the total minimum lease payments. 
 of pre-tax loss, compared to of pre-tax loss, for the thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively. Our effective income tax rate was significantly different than the statutory tax rate due to the continuing impact of a full, non-cash deferred tax asset valuation allowance. 
 
 Note 3: 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Fixed income securities Total marketable securities February 3, 2024 Cost or Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Holding Gains Gross Unrealized Holding Losses Estimated Fair Value Commercial paper Fixed income securities Total marketable securities October 28, 2023 Cost or Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Holding Gains Gross Unrealized Holding Losses Estimated Fair Value Commercial paper Total marketable securities 
 We recognized gains on investments for commercial paper that matured during the thirteen and thirty-nine week periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023. Upon recognition of the gains, we reclassified these amounts out of "Accumulated other comprehensive income" and into Other income, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Note 4: 
 million Revolving Commitment consisting of revolving loans, letters of credit and swing line loans, with a sub-limit on letters of credit outstanding at any time of million and a sub-limit for swing line loans of million, which replaced our previous senior secured credit agreement. The Credit Agreement also includes an uncommitted accordion feature whereby we may increase the Revolving Commitment by an aggregate amount not to exceed million, subject to certain conditions. The Revolving Facility matures on April 27, 2026. The payment and performance in full of the secured obligations under the Revolving Facility are secured by a lien on and security interest in all of our assets. 
 The maximum borrowings permitted under the Revolving Facility is equal to the lesser of (x) the Revolving Commitment and (y) the applicable borrowing base, which is equal to (i) of our eligible credit card receivables, plus (ii) of the cost of certain adjusted eligible inventory, less certain inventory reserves, plus (iii) of the cost of certain adjusted eligible in-transit inventory, less certain inventory reserves, less (iv) certain other reserves established by the Bank. 
 The unused portion of the Revolving Commitment accrues a commitment fee of per annum. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility bear interest at a rate per annum that ranges from the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment (equal to basis points for one- and three-month term SOFR) plus to , or a base rate (as calculated in accordance with the Credit Agreement) (the Base Rate plus to , based on the average daily borrowing capacity under the Revolving Facility over the applicable fiscal quarter. We are allowed to elect to apply either SOFR or Base Rate interest to borrowings at our discretion, other than in the case of swing line loans, to which the Base Rate shall apply. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

of the Loan Cap (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and (ii) million). Beginning April 27, 2024, we are permitted to declare or pay cash dividends and/or repurchase our common stock provided, among other things, no default or event of default exists as of the date of any such payment and after giving effect thereto and certain minimum availability and minimum projected availability tests are satisfied. 
 Events of default under the Credit Agreement include, among other things, failure to pay principal, interest, fees or other amounts; covenant defaults; material inaccuracy of representations and warranties; bankruptcy events; actual or asserted invalidity of any the Credit Agreement or related loan documents; or a change of control. 
 In connection with the entry into the Credit Agreement, on April 27, 2023, we entered into certain ancillary agreements including (i) a security agreement in favor of the Bank, and (ii) a guarantee by us in favor of the Bank. 
 As of November 2, 2024, we were in compliance with all of our covenants, were eligible to borrow up to a total of million and had outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement. The only utilization of the letters of credit sub-limit under the Credit Agreement was a million irrevocable standby letter of credit. 
 
 Note 5: 

Note 6: 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Commercial paper Marketable securities: Commercial paper 
 million, million and million as of November 2, 2024, February 3, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 On at least a quarterly basis, we assess whether events or changes in circumstances have occurred that potentially indicate that the carrying value of long-lived assets and operating lease right-of-use ("ROU") assets may not be recoverable. Based on Level 3 inputs of historical operating performance, including sales trends, gross margin rates, current cash flows from operations and the projected outlook for each of our stores, we determine if a store would be able to generate sufficient undiscounted cash flows over the remaining term to recover our investment in long-lived and ROU assets. If the undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value of assets based on the discounted cash flows of the assets using a rate that approximates the weighted average cost of capital plus a company-specific risk premium. Impairment losses are allocated between the long-lived assets and ROU assets on a relative carrying amount basis. The fair values of ROU assets are estimated by an independent third party and represent the highest and best use to a market participant. We determined that certain stores would not be able to generate sufficient cash flows over the remaining term of the related leases to recover our investment or the ROU in the respective stores. million and million in the thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively, to write-down the carrying value of certain long-lived store assets and ROU assets to their estimated fair values. 
 Fair value of assets impaired Number of stores tested for impairment Number of stores with impairment 
 
 Note 7: 
 shares for issuance of options, shares or rights to acquire our Class A common stock and allows for, among other things, operating income and comparable store sales growth targets as additional performance goals that may be used in connection with performance-based awards granted under the 2012 Plan. As of November 2, 2024, there were shares available for future issuance under the 2012 Plan. 
 Stock Options 
 We grant stock options to certain employees that give them the right to acquire our Class A common stock under the 2012 Plan. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date provided that the award recipient continues to be employed by us through each of those vesting dates and expire from the date of grant. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding at November 2, 2024 Exercisable at November 2, 2024 
 (1) Intrinsic value for stock options is defined as the difference between the market price of our Class A common stock on the last business day of the fiscal period and the weighted average exercise price of in-the-money stock options outstanding at the end of the fiscal period. The market value per share was at November 2, 2024. 
 The stock option awards were measured at fair value on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. Key input assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options include the exercise price of the award, the expected option term, expected volatility of our stock over the option s expected term, the risk-free interest rate over the option s expected term and our expected annual dividend yield, if any. We account for forfeitures as they occur. We issue shares of Class A common stock when stock option awards are exercised. 
 Expected option term (1) 
 years years years Weighted average expected volatility factor (2) 
 Weighted average risk-free interest rate (3) 
 Expected annual dividend yield (4) 
 
 (1) The expected option term of the awards represents the estimated time that options are expected to be outstanding based upon historical option data. 
 (2) Stock volatility for each grant is measured using the historical daily price changes of our common stock over the most recent period equal to the expected option term of the awards. 
 (3) The risk-free interest rate is determined using the rate on treasury securities with the same term as the expected life of the stock option as of the grant date. 
 (4) We do not currently have a dividend policy, and we do not currently anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock at this time. In compliance with our Credit Agreement, we were prohibited from declaring or paying any cash dividends prior to April 27, 2024. 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 Restricted stock awards ("RSAs") represent restricted shares issued upon the date of grant in which the recipient's rights in the stock are restricted until the shares are vested, whereas restricted stock units ("RSUs") represent shares issuable in the future upon vesting. Under the 2012 Plan, we grant RSAs to independent members of our Board of Directors and RSUs to certain employees. RSAs granted to Board members vest at a rate of on each of the first two anniversaries of the grant date provided that the respective award recipient continues to serve on our Board of Directors through each of those vesting dates. The RSUs granted to certain employees vest at a rate of on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date provided that the respective recipient continues to be employed by us through each of those vesting dates. We determine the fair value of restricted stock underlying the RSAs and RSUs based upon the closing price of our Class A common stock on the date of grant. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Granted Vested ) Nonvested at November 2, 2024 
 Share-based compensation expense associated with stock options and restricted stock is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 
 Selling, general, and administrative Total share-based compensation 
 At November 2, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options and restricted stock. This cost has a weighted average remaining recognition period of years. 
 
 Note 8: Net) ) ) ) Weighted average basic shares outstanding Dilutive effect of in-the-money stock options and RSAs Weighted average shares for diluted net loss per share Basic net loss per share of Class A and Class B common stock ) ) ) ) Diluted net loss per share of Class A and Class B common stock ) ) ) ) 

21 

Table of Contents 

Restricted stock Total 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of our operations should be read together with the financial statements and related notes of Tilly s, Inc. included in Part I Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this "Report") and with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2024. As used in this Report, except where the context otherwise requires or where otherwise indicated, the terms the Company , World of Jeans Tops , we , our , us , "Tillys" and Tilly s refer to Tilly s, Inc. and its subsidiary. 
 Overview 
 Tillys is a destination specialty retailer of casual apparel, footwear, accessories and hardgoods for young men, young women, boys and girls. We believe we bring together an unparalleled selection of iconic global, emerging, and proprietary brands rooted in an active, outdoor and social lifestyle. The Tillys concept began in 1982, when our co-founders, Hezy Shaked and Tilly Levine, opened our first store in Orange County, California. As of November 2, 2024, we operated 246 stores in 33 states, averaging approximately 7,236 square feet per store, compared to 249 total stores at the same time last year. We also sell our products through our e-commerce ("e-com") website, www.tillys.com. 
 Known or Anticipated Trends 
 Economic Trends 
 We believe inflation, including elevated fuel costs, increased levels of credit card debt with higher interest rates, and multi-year lows in consumer savings has had, and is likely to continue to have, a significant, adverse impact on our consumers' spending and, by extension, our operating results. Inflation has also resulted in increased costs for many products and services that are necessary for the operation of our business, such as product costs, labor costs, shipping costs, and digital marketing costs, among others. For example, store payroll and payroll related expenses represented approximately 46 of our total selling, general and administrative expenses in the first nine months of fiscal 2024. Our average hourly rate for store payroll in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 was 31 higher than in the pre-pandemic year of fiscal 2019 and 4 higher than in the first nine months of fiscal 2023. Minimum wage increases are estimated to cost us an additional 2 million during fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. These and other cost increases may continue to have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition in fiscal 2024 and 2025, particularly if the broader economy is negatively impacted by recessionary impacts for an extended period of time. 
 Fiscal 2024 Fourth Quarter Store Opening and Closing Plans 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company opened three new stores during November and currently expects to close 10 predominantly underperforming stores near the end of the fiscal year upon lease expiration. 
 Fiscal 2025 Preliminary Capital Expenditure Plans 
 During fiscal 2025, we currently expect that our total capital expenditures will be in the range of approximately 10 million to 15 million for a limited number of new store openings and upgrades to certain store, online and infrastructure technologies. 
 How We Assess the Performance of Our Business 
 In assessing the performance of our business, we consider a variety of performance and financial measures. The key indicators of the financial condition and operating performance of our business are net sales, comparable store sales, gross profit, selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses and operating loss. 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales reflect revenue from the sale of our merchandise at store locations and through e-com, net of sales taxes. Store net sales are reflected in sales when the merchandise is received by the customer. For e-com net sales, we recognize revenue, and the related cost of goods sold at the time the merchandise is shipped to the customer. Net sales also include shipping and handling fees for e-com shipments that have been shipped to the customer. Net sales are net of returns on sales during the period as well as an estimate of returns expected in the future stemming from current period sales. We recognize revenue from gift cards as they are redeemed for merchandise. Prior to redemption, we maintain a current liability for unredeemed gift card balances. Our gift cards do not have expiration dates and in most cases there is no legal obligation to remit unredeemed gift cards to relevant jurisdictions. Based on actual historical redemption patterns, we determined that a small percentage of gift cards are unlikely to be redeemed (which we refer to as gift card breakage ). Based on our historical gift card breakage rate, we recognize breakage revenue over the redemption period in proportion to actual gift card redemptions. 
 Our business is seasonal and as a result our revenues fluctuate from quarter to quarter. In addition, our revenues in any given quarter can be affected by a number of factors including the timing of holidays and weather patterns. The third and fourth 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

quarters of the fiscal year, which include the back-to-school and holiday sales seasons, have historically produced stronger sales and disproportionately stronger operating results than have the first two quarters of the fiscal year. 
 Comparable Store Net Sales 
 Comparable store net sales is a measure that indicates the change in year-over-year comparable store net sales, which allows us to evaluate how our store base is performing. Numerous factors affect our comparable store net sales, including: 
 overall economic trends; 
 our ability to attract traffic to our stores and online platform; 
 our ability to identify and respond effectively to consumer preferences and fashion trends; 
 competition; 
 the timing of our releases of new and seasonal styles; 
 changes in our product mix; 
 pricing; 
 the level of customer service that we provide in stores; 
 our ability to source and distribute products efficiently; 
 calendar shifts of holiday or seasonal periods; 
 the number and timing of store openings and the relative proportion of new stores to mature stores; and 
 the timing and success of promotional and advertising efforts. 
 Our comparable store net sales are defined as net sales from our physical stores open on a daily basis combined with net sales from our e-com website compared to the same respective fiscal dates of the prior year. A remodeled, relocated or refreshed store is included in comparable store net sales, both during and after construction, if the square footage of the store used to sell merchandise was not changed by more than 20 in any fiscal month. We include net sales from our e-com website as part of comparable store net sales as we manage and analyze our business on a single omni-channel basis and have substantially integrated our investments and operations for our stores and e-com website to give our customers seamless access and increased ease of shopping. Comparable store net sales exclude gift card breakage income and e-com shipping and handling fee revenue. Some of our competitors and other retailers may calculate comparable or same store net sales differently than we do. As a result, data in this Report regarding our comparable store net sales may not be comparable to similar data made available by other retailers. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit is equal to our net sales less our cost of goods sold. Cost of goods sold reflects the direct cost of purchased merchandise as well as buying, distribution and occupancy costs. Buying costs include compensation and benefit expense for our internal buying organization. Distribution costs include costs for receiving, processing and warehousing our store merchandise, and shipping of merchandise to or from our distribution and e-com fulfillment centers, and to our e-com customers and between store locations. Occupancy costs include the rent, common area maintenance, utilities, property taxes, security and depreciation costs of all store locations. These costs are significant and can be expected to continue to increase relative to business growth. The components of our reported cost of goods sold may not be comparable to those of other retail companies. 
 We regularly analyze the components of gross profit as well as gross profit as a percentage of net sales. Specifically we look at the initial markup on purchases, markdowns and reserves, shrinkage, buying costs, distribution costs and occupancy costs. Any inability to obtain acceptable levels of initial markups, a significant increase in our use of markdowns or a significant increase in inventory shrinkage or inability to generate sufficient sales leverage on the buying, distribution and occupancy components of cost of goods sold could have an adverse impact on our gross profit and results of operations. 
 Gross profit is also impacted by shifts in the proportion of sales of proprietary branded products compared to third-party branded products, as well as by sales mix shifts within and between brands and between major product departments such as young men's and women's apparel, footwear or accessories. A substantial shift in the mix of products could have a material impact on our results of operations. In addition, gross profit and gross profit as a percent of sales have historically been higher in the third and fourth quarters of the fiscal year, as these periods include the back-to-school and winter holiday selling seasons. This reflects that various costs, including occupancy costs, generally do not increase in proportion to the seasonal sales increase. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Our selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses are comprised of store selling expenses and corporate-level general and administrative expenses. Store selling expenses include store and regional support costs, including personnel, advertising and debit and credit card processing costs, e-com receiving and processing costs and store supplies costs. General and administrative expenses include the payroll and support costs of corporate functions such as executive management, legal, accounting, information systems, human resources, impairment charges and other centralized services. Store selling expenses generally vary proportionately with net sales and store growth. In contrast, general and administrative expenses are generally 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

not directly proportional to net sales and store growth but will be expected to increase over time to support the needs of our company. SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales are usually higher in lower volume periods and lower in higher volume periods. 
 Operating Loss 
 Operating loss equals gross profit less SG A expenses. Operating loss excludes interest income, interest expense and income taxes. Operating loss percentage measures operating loss as a percentage of our net sales. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following tables summarize key components of our unaudited results of operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars (in thousands) and as a percentage of our net sales: Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Statements of Operations Data: Net sales 143,442 166,475 422,165 450,063 Cost of goods sold 105,314 116,825 307,939 328,297 Rent expense, related party 931 931 2,796 2,793 Total cost of goods sold 106,245 117,756 310,735 331,090 Gross profit 37,197 48,719 111,430 118,973 Selling, general and administrative expenses 51,118 51,101 146,734 141,035 Rent expense, related party 133 134 397 400 Total selling, general and administrative expenses 51,251 51,235 147,131 141,435 Operating loss (14,054) (2,516) (35,701) (22,462) Other income, net 1,174 1,341 3,114 3,625 Loss before income taxes (12,880) (1,175) (32,587) (18,837) Income tax benefit (5) (328) (22) (4,897) Net loss (12,875) (847) (32,565) (13,940) Percentage of Net Sales: Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of goods sold 73.4 70.2 72.9 72.9 Rent expense, related party 0.6 0.6 0.7 0.6 Total cost of goods sold 74.1 70.7 73.6 73.6 Gross profit 25.9 29.3 26.4 26.4 Selling, general and administrative expenses 35.6 30.7 34.8 31.3 Rent expense, related party 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 Total selling, general and administrative expenses 35.7 30.8 34.9 31.4 Operating loss (9.8) (1.5) (8.5) (5.0) Other income, net 0.8 0.8 0.7 0.8 Loss before income taxes (9.0) (0.7) (7.7) (4.2) Income tax benefit (0.0) (0.2) (0.0) (1.1) Net loss (9.0) (0.5) (7.7) (3.1) 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents store operating data for the periods indicated: 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Operating Data: Stores operating at end of period 246 249 246 249 Comparable store net sales change (1) 
 (3.4) (9.0) (6.8) (11.3) Total square feet at end of period (in '000s) 1,780 1,810 1,780 1,810 Average net sales per physical store (in '000s) (2) 
 451 534 1,360 1,449 Average net sales per square foot (2) 
 62 73 188 199 E-com net sales (in '000s) (3) 
 32,189 34,044 85,756 90,013 E-com net sales as a percentage of net sales 22.4 20.4 20.3 20.0 
 (1) Our comparable store net sales are defined as sales from our physical stores open on a daily basis combined with net sales from our e-com website compared to the same respective fiscal dates of the prior year. A remodeled or relocated store is included in comparable store net sales, both during and after construction, if the square footage of the store used to sell merchandise was not changed by more than 20 in any fiscal month. We include sales from our e-com website as part of our comparable store net sales as we manage and analyze our business on an omni-channel basis and have substantially integrated our investments and operations for our stores and e-com website to give our customers seamless access and increased ease of shopping. Comparable store net sales exclude gift card breakage income, and e-com shipping and handling fee revenue. 
 (2) The number of stores and the amount of square footage reflect the number of days during the period that stores were open. E-com net sales, e-com shipping and handling fee revenue and gift card breakage income are excluded from net sales in deriving average net sales per retail store and average net sales per square foot. 
 (3) E-com net sales include e-com net sales and e-com shipping and handling fee revenue. 
 Third Quarter (13 Weeks) Ended November 2, 2024 Compared to Third Quarter (13 Weeks) Ended October 28, 2023 
 Net Sales 
 Total net sales were 143.4 million, a decrease of 13.8 . This decrease was primarily attributable to the calendar shift impact of last year's 53rd week in the retail calendar, which caused a portion of the back-to-school season's sales volume to shift into the second quarter this year from the third quarter last year, resulting in a net sales reduction of 18.4 million in this year's third quarter. Total comparable net sales, including both physical stores and e-com, decreased by 3.4 relative to the comparable 13-week period ended November 4, 2023. 
 Net sales from physical stores were 111.3 million, a decrease of 16.0 . Comparable store net sales decreased 5.6 relative to the comparable 13-week period ended November 4, 2023. Net sales from physical stores represented 77.6 of total net sales this year compared to 79.6 total net sales last year. We ended the third quarter with 246 total stores compared to 249 total stores at the end of the third quarter last year. 
 E-com net sales were 32.2 million, a decrease of 5.4 . E-com net sales increased 4.9 relative to the comparable 13-week period ended November 4, 2023. E-com net sales represented 22.4 of total net sales this year compared to 20.4 of total net sales last year. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit was 37.2 million, or 25.9 of net sales, compared to 48.7 million, or 29.3 of net sales, last year. Product margins were within 10 basis points of last year's third quarter. Buying, distribution, and occupancy costs deleveraged by 320 basis points collectively, despite being 0.7 million lower than last year, primarily due to carrying these costs against a lower level of net sales this year. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 SG A expenses were 51.3 million, or 35.7 of net sales, compared to 51.2 million, or 30.8 of net sales, last year. Primary SG A variances, both in terms of percentage of net sales and total dollars, were as follows: 
 millions Primarily Attributable to 0.9 1.1 Increase in e-commerce fulfillment expenses. 1.6 (0.9) Decrease in store payroll and related benefits. (0.2) (0.6) Decrease in non-cash store asset impairment charges. 2.7 0.5 Net change from all other SG A expenses. 5.0 0.1 Total 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Operating Loss 
 Operating loss was 14.1 million, or 9.8 of net sales, compared to 2.5 million, or 1.5 of net sales, last year primarily as a result of the combination of the factors noted above. 
 Pre-Tax Loss 
 Pre-tax loss was 12.9 million, or 9.0 of net sales, compared to 1.2 million, or 0.7 of net sales, last year. 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 Income tax benefit was 5.0 thousand, or 0.0 of pre-tax loss, compared to 0.3 million, or 28.0 of pre-tax loss, last year. The decrease in the effective income tax rate was due to the continuing impact of a full, non-cash deferred tax asset valuation allowance. 
 Net Loss and Loss Per Share 
 Net loss was 12.9 million, or 0.43 net loss per share, compared to 0.8 million, or 0.03 net loss per share, last year. 
 39 Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 Compared to 39 Weeks Ended October 28, 2023 
 Net Sales 
 Total net sales were 422.2 million, a decrease of 6.2 . Total comparable net sales, including both physical stores and e-com, decreased by 6.8 relative to the comparable 39-week period ended November 4, 2023. 
 Net sales from physical stores were 336.4 million, a decrease 6.6 . Comparable store net sales decreased 7.4 relative to the comparable 39-week period ended November 4, 2023. Net sales from physical stores represented 79.7 of total net sales this year compared to 80.0 total net sales last year. 
 E-com net sales were 85.8 million, a decrease 4.7 . E-com net sales decreased 4.6 relative to the comparable 39-week period ended November 4, 2023. E-com net sales represented 20.3 of total net sales this year compared to 20.0 of total net sales last year. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit was 111.4 million, or 26.4 of net sales, compared to 119.0 million, or 26.4 of net sales, last year. Product margins improved by 130 basis points, primarily due to the combination of improved initial markups and lower total markdowns. Buying, distribution, and occupancy costs deleveraged by 140 basis points collectively, despite being 1.3 million lower than last year, primarily due to carrying these costs against a lower level of net sales this year. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 SG A expenses were 147.1 million, or 34.9 of net sales, compared to 141.4 million, or 31.4 of net sales, last year. Primary SG A variances, both in terms of percentage of net sales and total dollars, were as follows: 
 millions Primarily Attributable to 1.4 1.6 Increase in store payroll and related benefits. 0.4 1.4 Increase in software as a service expenses. 0.6 1.2 Increase in corporate payroll and related benefits. 0.3 1.0 Increase in e-commerce fulfillment expenses. 0.3 1.0 Increase in non-cash store asset impairment charges. 0.4 (0.5) Net change from all other SG A expenses. 3.4 5.7 Total 
 Operating Loss 
 Operating loss was 35.7 million, or 8.5 of net sales, compared to 22.5 million, or 5.0 of net sales, last year primarily as a result of the combination of the factors noted above. 
 Pre-Tax Loss 
 Pre-tax loss was 32.6 million, or 7.7 of net sales, compared to 18.8 million, or 4.2 of net sales, last year. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Income Tax Benefit 
 Income tax benefit was 21.8 thousand or 0.1 of pre-tax loss, compared to 4.9 million, or 26.0 of pre-tax loss, last year. The decrease in the effective income tax rate was due to the continuing impact of a full, non-cash deferred tax asset valuation allowance. 
 Net Loss and Net Loss Per Share 
 Net loss was 32.6 million, or 1.08 net loss per share, compared to 13.9 million, or 0.47 net loss per share, last year. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our business relies on cash flows from operating activities as well as cash on hand as our primary sources of liquidity. We currently expect to finance company operations, new store openings and remodels, and all of our planned capital expenditures with existing cash on hand, marketable securities and cash flows from operations. 
 In addition to cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, the most significant components of our working capital are merchandise inventories, accounts payable and accrued expenses. We believe that cash flows from operating activities, our cash and marketable securities on hand, and credit facility availability will be sufficient to cover our working capital requirements and anticipated capital expenditures for the next 12 months from the filing of this Report. If cash flows from operations are not sufficient or available to meet our capital requirements, then we will be required to obtain additional equity or debt financing in the future. There can be no assurance that equity or debt financing will be available to us when we need it or, if available, that the terms will be satisfactory to us and not dilutive to our stockholders. 
 Working Capital 
 Working capital at November 2, 2024, was 41.8 million compared to 71.5 million at February 3, 2024, a decrease of 29.7 million. The primary changes in our working capital during the first three quarters of fiscal 2024 were as follows: millions Description 71.5 Working capital at February 3, 2024 (43.3) Decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities primarily due to lower net sales. 11.3 Increase in merchandise inventories, net of accounts payable. 2.3 Net change from all other changes in current assets and current liabilities. 41.8 Working capital at November 2, 2024 
 Cash Flow Analysis 
 A summary of operating, investing and financing activities for the 39 weeks ended November 2, 2024 compared to the 39 weeks ended October 28, 2023 is shown in the following table (in thousands): 
 Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (38,203) (10,458) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 17,289 (18,680) Net cash provided by financing activities 294 37 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (20,620) (29,101) 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 Operating activities consist primarily of net loss adjusted for non-cash items that include depreciation, asset impairment charges, deferred income taxes, gains on maturities of marketable securities and share-based compensation expense, plus the effect on cash of changes during the year in our assets and liabilities. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 38.2 million this year compared to 10.5 million last year. The 27.7 million increase in net cash used in operating activities compared to last year was primarily due to lower net sales. 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities consist primarily of capital expenditures and maturities and purchases of marketable securities. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 17.3 million this year compared to net cash used of 18.7 million last year. Net cash provided by investing activities in the first three quarters of fiscal 2024 consisted of maturities of marketable securities of 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

83.5 million, partially offset by purchases of marketable securities of 59.6 million and capital expenditures totaling 6.7 million. Net cash used in investing activities in the first three quarters of fiscal 2023 consisted of purchases of marketable securities of 88.1 million and capital expenditures totaling 10.5 million, partially offset by maturities of marketable securities of 80.0 million. 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Financing activities primarily consist of proceeds from employee exercises of stock options. The prior year proceeds from exercise of stock options were partially offset by taxes paid on a short-swing profit disgorgement payment made to us last year. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On April 27, 2023 (the Closing Date ), we entered into an asset-backed credit agreement and revolving line of credit note (the "Note" and, collectively, the Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as lender (the Bank ). The Credit Agreement provides for an asset-based, senior secured revolving credit facility Revolving Facility of up to 65.0 million Revolving Commitment consisting of revolving loans, letters of credit and swing line loans, with a sub-limit on letters of credit outstanding at any time of 10.0 million and a sub-limit for swing line loans of 7.5 million, which replaced our previous senior secured credit agreement. The Credit Agreement also includes an uncommitted accordion feature whereby we may increase the Revolving Commitment by an aggregate amount not to exceed 12.5 million, subject to certain conditions. The Revolving Facility matures on April 27, 2026. The payment and performance in full of the secured obligations under the Revolving Facility are secured by a lien on and security interest in all of our assets. 
 The maximum borrowings permitted under the Revolving Facility is equal to the lesser of (x) the Revolving Commitment and (y) the applicable borrowing base, which is equal to (i) 90 of our eligible credit card receivables, plus (ii) 90 of the cost of certain adjusted eligible inventory, less certain inventory reserves, plus (iii) 90 of the cost of certain adjusted eligible in-transit inventory, less certain inventory reserves, less (iv) certain other reserves established by the Bank. 
 The unused portion of the Revolving Commitment accrues a commitment fee of 0.375 per annum. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility bear interest at a rate per annum that ranges from the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment (equal to 10 basis points for one- and three-month term SOFR) plus 1.50 to 2.00 , or a base rate (as calculated in accordance with the Credit Agreement) (the Base Rate plus 0.50 to 1.00 , based on the average daily borrowing capacity under the Revolving Facility over the applicable fiscal quarter. We are allowed to elect to apply either SOFR or Base Rate interest to borrowings at our discretion, other than in the case of swing line loans, to which the Base Rate shall apply. 
 Under the Credit Agreement, we are subject to a variety of affirmative and negative covenants customary in an asset-based lending facility, including a financial covenant relating to availability (which is required to remain above the greater of: (i) ten percent (10 of the Loan Cap (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and (ii) 6.0 million). Beginning April 27, 2024, we are permitted to declare or pay cash dividends and/or repurchase our common stock provided, among other things, no default or event of default exists as of the date of any such payment and after giving effect thereto and certain minimum availability and minimum projected availability tests are satisfied. 
 Events of default under the Credit Agreement include, among other things, failure to pay principal, interest, fees or other amounts; covenant defaults; material inaccuracy of representations and warranties; bankruptcy events; actual or asserted invalidity of any the Credit Agreement or related loan documents; or a change of control. 
 In connection with the entry into the Credit Agreement, on April 27, 2023, we entered into certain ancillary agreements including (i) a security agreement in favor of the Bank, and (ii) a guarantee by us in favor of the Bank. 
 As of November 2, 2024, we were in compliance with all of our covenants, were eligible to borrow up to a total of 63.0 million and had no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement. The only utilization of the letters of credit sub-limit under the Credit Agreement was a 2.0 million irrevocable standby letter of credit. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 As of November 2, 2024, there were no material changes to our contractual obligations as described in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2024. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires the appropriate application of certain accounting policies, some of which require us to make estimates and assumptions about future events and their impact on amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. Since future events and their impact cannot be determined with absolute certainty, the actual results will inevitably differ from our estimates. A summary of 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

our significant accounting policies is included in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 As of November 2, 2024, there were no material changes in the market risks described in the Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risks section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2024. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, with the participation of our Disclosure Committee, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of November 2, 2024. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to its management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of November 2, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the thirteen weeks ended November 2, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 
 These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Part II. Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The information contained in Note 5: Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in this Report is incorporated by reference into this Item. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, prospects, operating results or cash flows. In addition to the other information set forth in this Report, please refer to the section titled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2024 for a detailed discussion of the risks that affect our business. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the quarterly period ended November 2, 2024, 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 10.1# 
 Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release, dated as of November 12, 2024, by and between Tilly's, Inc. and Laura Janney (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K/A filed by the Company on November 15, 2024). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 Interactive data files from Tilly s, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 2, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith and not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. # Management contract or compensatory plan 

31 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Tilly s, Inc. Date: December 6, 2024 /s/ Hezy Shaked Hezy Shaked Co-Founder, Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: December 6, 2024 /s/ Michael Henry Michael Henry Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q32024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, Hezy Shaked, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Tilly s, Inc. for the quarter ended November 2, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 (c) 
 Date December 6, 2024 
 
 s Hezy Shaked Hezy Shaked Co-Founder, Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q32024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, Michael Henry, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Tilly s, Inc. for the quarter ended November 2, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date December 6, 2024 
 
 s Michael Henry Michael Henry Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q32024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 2, 2024 of Tilly s, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Hezy Shaked, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date December 6, 2024 
 
 s Hezy Shaked Hezy Shaked Co-Founder, Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 2, 2024 of Tilly s, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Henry, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date December 6, 2024 
 
 s Michael Henry Michael Henry Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certifications are being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and in accordance with SEC Release No. 33-8238. These certifications shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be incorporated by reference in any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 tlys-20241102.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 tlys-20241102_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 tlys-20241102_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 tlys-20241102_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 tlys-20241102_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

