<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1767837_0001767837-24-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12521295</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>110194</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1573898</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5733479</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2458598</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2327177</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001767837-24-000018.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113150509
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001767837-24-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001767837
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				364926041
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38956
		FILM NUMBER:		241453450

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 N. 9TH STREET
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47374
		BUSINESS PHONE:		765-973-4299

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 N. 9TH STREET
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47374

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001767837-24-000018.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 fil-20240930.htm
 10-Q

fil-20240930 

+ 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to ________ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation of organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices; Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 None 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] No [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). [X] No [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 [ ] 
 Accelerated filer 
 [ ] 
 
 [X] 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No [X] 
 There were shares of Registrant s common stock, par value of 0.01 per share, issued and outstanding as of November 13, 2024. 

RICHMOND MUTUAL BANCORPORATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Page Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 202 3 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 202 3 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 202 4 and 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 42 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 42 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 44 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 44 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 44 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 44 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 44 
 Item 5 
 Other Information 44 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 45 
 Signatures 
 46 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-earning demand deposits Cash and cash equivalents Interest-earning time deposits Investment securities - available for sale Investment securities - held to maturity Loans held for sale Loans and leases, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Premises and equipment, net Federal Home Loan Bank stock Interest receivable Mortgage-servicing rights Cash surrender value of life insurance Other assets Total assets Liabilities Noninterest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Total deposits Federal Home Loan Bank advances Advances by borrowers for taxes and insurance Interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingent Liabilities Stockholders' Equity Common stock, par value 
 Authorized - shares 
 Issued and outstanding - shares and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Unearned employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements. 
 
 1 

Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest Income Loans and leases Investment securities Other Total interest income Interest Expense Deposits Borrowings Total interest expense Net Interest Income (Reversal of)/provision for credit losses ) Net Interest Income After (Reversal of)/Provision for Credit Losses Noninterest Income Service charges on deposit accounts Card fee income Loan and lease servicing fees, including mortgage servicing right impairment Net gains (loss) on sales of securities available for sale (includes , , ), and , respectively, related to accumulated other comprehensive income reclassifications) 
 ) Net gains on loan and lease sales Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest Expenses Salaries and employee benefits Net occupancy expenses Equipment expenses Data processing fees Deposit insurance expense Printing and office supplies Legal and professional fees Advertising expense Bank service charges Real estate owned expense Other expenses Total noninterest expenses Income Before Income Tax Expense Provision for income taxes (includes , , ), and , respectively, related to income tax benefit from reclassification of items) 
 Net Income Earnings Per Share Basic Diluted 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements. 
 
 2 

Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale securities, net of tax expense (benefit) of , ), , and ), respectively 
 ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for realized gains (losses) included in net income, net of tax benefit of , , ), and , respectively 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements. 
 
 3 

Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Unearned ESOP Shares Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shares Outstanding Amount Balances, June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income ESOP shares earned ) Stock based compensation Exercise of stock options ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 ) ) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Unearned ESOP Shares Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shares Outstanding Amount Balances, December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income ESOP shares earned ) Forfeiture of restricted stock awards ) ) Stock based compensation Exercise of stock options ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements. 

4 

Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Unearned ESOP Shares Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shares Outstanding Amount Balances, June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ESOP shares earned ) Stock based compensation Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) ) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Unearned ESOP Shares Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shares Outstanding Amount Balances, December 31, 2022 ) ) Impact of ASU 2016-13 adoption ) ) Balances, January 1, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ESOP shares earned ) Stock based compensation Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements. 
 
 5 

Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Provision for credit losses Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax ) ) Stock based compensation Investment securities amortization, net Net loss on sale of investment securities - available for sale 
 Net gains on loan and lease sales ) ) Loss (gain) on sale of real estate owned ) Gain on sale of premises and equipment ) ) Accretion of loan origination fees ) ) Amortization of mortgage-servicing rights ESOP shares expense Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance ) ) Loans originated for sale ) ) Proceeds on loans sold Net change in Interest receivable ) ) Other assets ) Other liabilities ) ) Interest payable ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Net change in interest-bearing time deposits ) Purchases of securities available for sale ) ) Proceeds from maturities and paydowns of securities available for sale Proceeds from sales of securities available for sale Proceeds from maturities and paydowns of securities held to maturity Net change in loans ) ) Proceeds from sales of real estate owned Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Purchase of FHLB stock ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Net change in Demand and savings deposits ) ) Certificates of deposit Advances by borrowers for taxes and insurance Proceeds from FHLB advances Repayment of FHLB advances ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Proceeds from stock option exercises ) Dividends paid ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period Additional Cash Flows and Supplementary Information Interest paid Transfers from loans to other real estate owned 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements. 
 
 6 

Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Table Dollar Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 
 
 Note 1: 
 full- and limited-service offices located in Cambridge City (1), Centerville (1), Richmond (5) and Shelbyville (1), Indiana, its full-service offices located in Piqua (2), Sidney (2) and Troy (1), Ohio, and its loan production office in Columbus, Ohio. Administrative, trust and wealth management services are conducted through First Bank Richmond's Corporate Office/Financial Center located in Richmond, Indiana. As an Indiana-chartered commercial bank, First Bank Richmond is subject to regulation by the Indiana Department of Financial Institutions ("IDFI") and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"). 
 First Insurance Management, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company which was formed and began operations in June 2022, is a Nevada-based captive insurance company that insures against certain risks unique to the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries and for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in today's insurance marketplace. First Insurance Management, Inc. is subject to the regulations of the State of Nevada and undergoes periodic examinations by the Nevada Division of Insurance. 
 FB Richmond Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of First Bank Richmond which was formed and began operations in April 2020, is a Nevada corporation that holds and manages substantially all of First Bank Richmond's investment portfolio. FB Richmond Holdings, Inc. has one active subsidiary, FB Richmond Properties, Inc., a Delaware corporation which holds loans on behalf of the Bank. 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with instructions for Form 10-Q and, therefore, do not include information or note disclosures necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations, and cash flows in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, these financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 ("2023 Form 10-K") filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 29, 2024 (SEC File No. 001-38956). However, in the opinion of management, all adjustments which are necessary for a fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements have been included. Those adjustments consist only of normal recurring adjustments. The results of operations for the periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. 
 days past due unless the credit is well-secured and in process of collection. Past due status is based on contractual terms of the loan. For all loan classes, the entire balance of the loan is considered past due if the minimum payment contractually required to be paid is not received by the 
 
 7 

before returning a nonaccrual loan to accrual status. 
 On occasion, the Company will provide modifications to loans and leases to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, by providing payment delays, term extensions, or interest-rate reductions. In some cases, combinations of modifications may be made to the same loan or lease. If determined that the value of the modified loan or lease is less than the recorded investment in the loan, a charge-off is recognized to the allowance for credit losses on loans and leases. 
 
 Note 2: 

8 

Note 3: 
 SBA Pools Federal agencies State and municipal obligations Mortgage-backed securities - GSE residential Corporate obligations Held to maturity State and municipal obligations Total investment securities 

9 

SBA Pools Federal agencies State and municipal obligations Mortgage-backed securities - government-sponsored enterprises (GSE) residential Corporate obligations Held to maturity State and municipal obligations Total investment securities 
 One to five years Five to ten years After ten years Mortgage-backed securities GSE residential Totals 
 Investment securities with a carrying value of and were pledged at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, to secure certain deposits and for other purposes as permitted or required by law. 
 Proceeds from the sale of securities available for sale for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were and , respectively. Gross losses recognized on the sale of securities available for sale for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were and , respectively. Gross gains on the sale of securities available for sale were for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were sales of securities available for sale for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Certain investments in debt securities, as reflected in the table below, are reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes at an amount less than their historical cost. Total fair value of these investments at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively, which is approximately and of the Company s aggregated available for sale and held to maturity investment portfolio at those dates, respectively. These declines primarily resulted from changes in market interest rates since their purchase. 
 The Company does not consider available for sale securities with unrealized losses to be experiencing credit losses at September 30, 2024. Management considers it more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these investments before recovery of the amortized cost basis, which may be the maturity dates of the securities. 
 
 10 

AA- A+ Not rated 
 The Company has elected to exclude accrued interest receivable from the calculation of the allowance for credit losses. 
 SBA Pools Federal agencies State and municipal obligations Mortgage-backed securities - GSE residential Corporate obligations Total available for sale Held to maturity State and municipal obligations Total 

11 

SBA Pools Federal agencies State and municipal obligations Mortgage-backed securities - GSE residential Corporate obligations Total available for sale Held to maturity State and municipal obligations Total 
 
 The Company expects the fair value of the securities as described above to recover as the securities approach their maturity or reset date. 
 
 12 

Note 4: 
 Commercial and industrial Construction and development Multi-family Residential mortgage Home equity lines of credit Direct financing leases Consumer Less Allowance for credit losses on loans and leases Deferred loan fees 

13 

14 

Substandard Total Commercial mortgage Current period gross charge-offs Commercial and industrial Pass Substandard Total Commercial and industrial Current period gross charge-offs Construction and development Pass Substandard Total Construction and development Current period gross charge-offs Multi-family Pass Special Mention Total Multi-family Current period gross charge-offs Residential mortgage Pass Substandard Total Residential mortgage Current period gross charge-offs Home equity Pass Substandard Total Home equity lines of credit Current period gross charge-offs Direct financing leases Pass Substandard Doubtful Total Direct financing leases Current period gross charge-offs Consumer Pass Substandard Total Consumer Current period gross charge-offs Total Loans and Leases Total current period gross charge-offs 

15 

Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial mortgage Current period gross charge-offs Commercial and industrial Pass Substandard Total Commercial and industrial Current period gross charge-offs Construction and development Pass Substandard Total Construction and development Current period gross charge-offs Multi-family Pass Total Multi-family Current period gross charge-offs Residential mortgage Pass Substandard Total Residential mortgage Current period gross charge-offs Home equity Pass Substandard Total Home equity lines of credit Current period gross charge-offs Direct financing leases Pass Substandard Doubtful Total Direct financing leases Current period gross charge-offs Consumer Pass Substandard Total Consumer Current period gross charge-offs Total Loans and Leases Total current period gross charge-offs 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any revolving loans convert to term loans. 
 
 16 

Commercial and industrial Construction and development Multi-family Residential mortgage Home equity Direct financing leases Consumer Totals 
 
 December 31, 2023 Delinquent Loans and Leases Current Total Portfolio Loans and Leases Total Loans and Leases > 90 Days Accruing 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days and Over Total Past Due Commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Construction and development Multi-family Residential mortgage Home equity Direct financing leases Consumer Totals 

17 

Construction and development Residential mortgage Direct financing leases Total nonaccrual loans and leases 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recognized and of interest income on nonaccrual loans and leases, respectively. 
 
 Commercial and industrial Construction and development Multi-family Residential mortgage Direct financing leases Total 
 
 December 31, 2023 Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Other Total Allowance on Collateral Dependent Loans Commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial Construction and development Residential mortgage Total 

18 

residential mortgage loans, both involving term extensions, to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. The total amortized cost basis of the loans modified at September 30, 2024 was , representing of the Company's residential mortgage loan portfolio. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, loan and lease modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty resulted in a weighted average term extension of months for the modified loans. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company had new loan or lease modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. 
 There were no modified loans and leases that had a payment default during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and that were modified in the twelve months prior to that default by borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. 
 Other Real Estate Owned 
 Other real estate owned is included in other assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. At September 30, 2024, there was other real estate owned, compared to of other real estate owned at December 31, 2023, consisting of foreclosed residential real estate properties. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the recorded investment in consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process was and , respectively. 
 Direct Financing Leases 
 Initial direct costs Less: Unearned income ) ) Net investment in direct finance leases 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 

19 

segments, as discussed above, based on similar risk characteristics. Loans within each segment are collectively evaluated using either a CF methodology or remaining life methodology. When estimating for credit loss, the Company forecasts the first four quarters of the credit loss estimate and reverts to a long-run average of each considered factor. The Company developed its reasonable and supportable forecasts using economic data, such as gross domestic product and unemployment rate. 
 Qualitative adjustments are applied to each collectively segmented pool to appropriately capture differences in current or expected qualitative risk characteristics. When evaluating the estimation for expected credit losses, the Company evaluates these qualitative adjustments for any changes in: 
 lending policies, procedures, and strategies; 
 the nature and volume of the loan and lease portfolio; 
 international, national, regional, and local conditions; 
 the experience, depth, and ability of lending management; 
 the volume and severity of past due loans; 
 the quality of the loan review system; 
 the underlying collateral; 
 concentration risk; and 
 the effect of other external factors. 
 
 ) Commercial and industrial ) Construction and development ) Multi-family Residential mortgage Home equity Direct financing leases ) Consumer ) Total ) 
 
 20 

) Commercial and industrial ) Construction and development ) Multi-family Residential mortgage ) Home equity Direct financing leases ) Consumer ) Total ) 
 
 Balances, June 30, 2023 Provision for (reversal of) credit losses Charge-offs Recoveries Balances, September 30, 2023 Commercial mortgage Commercial and industrial ) ) Construction and development Multi-family ) Residential mortgage ) Home equity ) Direct financing leases ) Consumer ) Total ) 
 
 Balances, December 31, 2022 Impact of adopting ASC 326 Balances, January 1, 2023 Post-ASC 326 adoption Provision for (reversal of) credit losses Charge-offs Recoveries Balances, September 30, 2023 Commercial mortgage ) Commercial and industrial ) ) Construction and development ) Multi-family ) Residential mortgage Home equity ) Direct financing leases ) Consumer ) Total ) 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the allowance for credit losses on loans and leases decreased from million at June 30, 2024, to million at September 30, 2024. The decrease was attributable to additional provisions totaling during the third quarter of 2024, offset by net charge-offs of . During the third quarter of 2024, updates were made to our allowance for credit losses calculation, including macroeconomic inputs, credit metrics, and refreshed loss driver data. Additionally, the availability of increased details within certain loan categories allowed for more precise risk profiling. As a result of these refinements, several loan and lease categories saw changes to their respective loss rates during the quarter. 
 
 Commercial Mortgage allowance decreased due to loan balances decreasing million. 
 Commercial Industrial allowance increased while loan balances decreased . 
 Construction Development allowance decreased while loan balances increased million. 
 
 21 

million. 
 Residential Mortgage allowance increased while loan balances decreased million. 
 Home Equity allowance increased due to loan balances increasing million. 
 Direct Financing Leases allowance increased while loan balances decreased million. 
 Consumer allowance increased while loan balances decreased . 
 
 Our commercial loan portfolio, consisting of commercial and multi-family real estate loans, commercial and industrial loans, and construction loans, represented and of our portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The allowance for credit losses on loans and leases allocated to the commercial loan portfolio represented and of our total allowance at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Economic Outlook 
 Due to the future-focused nature of the calculation for the allowance for credit losses, management must make significant assumptions. Estimating an appropriate allowance requires management to use relevant forward-looking information drawn from reasonable and supportable forecasts. Economic factors are a consequential part of these forecasts, and as such are evaluated periodically for developments that may impact the Company's allowance for credit losses and loan and lease portfolio. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the primary economic factors affecting the Company's loan portfolio continued to be persistent inflation, higher interest rates, geopolitical risk, economic growth, and the unemployment outlook. These key factors will continue to influence the Company's loan and lease portfolio for the near future. 
 
 The Company remains committed to three growth market regions: Columbus, Ohio, Dayton/Springfield, Ohio, and Indianapolis, Indiana. As high-growth areas, these market regions specialize in commercial real estate loans. Their respective forecasts are described below: 
 
 Columbus, Ohio The market region continues to forecast overall job growth in 2024. Construction activity has slowed, as speculative projects are not being pre-leased, prompting greater caution in initiating new developments. The majority of new construction projects are built-to-suit, indicating a softening demand as parties exercise prudence amid economic uncertainties. The region's unemployment rate has seen a slight uptick, aligning with the national average. 
 
 Dayton/Springfield, Ohio The economic outlook for this region remains stable. Statistically, the market region data for the past three quarters has been constant while reflecting a certain level of market uncertainty. Recession fears remain. The region s economic outlook for 2024 is mostly, slow but steady. 
 
 The relationship between Wright Patterson Air Force Base (WPAFB) and the local market is deeply interconnected, influencing all aspects of the economy. The future economic prospects of the area are closely tied to WPAFB and the success of the military, federal government, and defense industry. WPAFB is currently unveiling extensive plans to revamp and streamline processes across the Air Force and related sectors. These initiatives have the potential to significantly impact the economic trajectory of the local market. 
 
 Indianapolis, Indiana Based upon year-to-date 2024 economic results, the market region is expecting stable economic growth throughout 2024. The first half of 2024 results were fueled primarily by an expanding labor market, retail sales growth, and increasing median household incomes. 
 
 Future potential economic volatility may have a significant impact on the Company's loan and lease portfolio, specifically the allowance for credit losses. There are a myriad of potential outcomes, and the variances may be significant and unpredictable. As a result, the Company's future estimates may fluctuate for the remainder of 2024. 

22 

Reversal of credit losses ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Beginning balance Impact of adopting ASC 326 Reversal of credit losses ) ) Ending balance 

Note 5: 
 
 23 

SBA Pools Federal agencies State and municipal obligations Mortgage-backed securities - GSE residential Corporate obligations 
 
 Fair Value Measurements Using Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) December 31, 2023 Available for sale securities U.S. Treasury securities SBA Pools Federal agencies State and municipal obligations Mortgage-backed securities - GSE residential Corporate obligations 
 
 Following is a description of the valuation methodologies and inputs used for assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, as well as the general classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. There have been no significant changes in the valuation techniques during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Available for Sale Securities 
 Where quoted market prices are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy, which includes equity securities. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or discounted cash flows. Level 2 securities include agency securities, obligations of state and political subdivisions, and mortgage-backed securities. Matrix pricing is a mathematical technique widely used in the banking industry to value investment securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for specific investment securities but rather relying on the investment securities relationship to other benchmark quoted investment securities. In certain cases where Level 1 or Level 2 inputs are not available, securities are classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy. 
 
 24 

Interest-earning time deposits Available for sale securities Held to maturity securities Loans held for sale Loans and leases receivable, net FHLB stock Interest receivable Financial liabilities Deposits FHLB advances Interest payable 
 
 Fair Value Measurements Using Carrying Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) December 31, 2023 Financial assets Cash and cash equivalents Available for sale securities Held to maturity securities Loans held for sale Loans and leases receivable, net FHLB stock Interest receivable Financial liabilities Deposits FHLB advances Interest payable 

25 

Note 6: 
 
 Shares outstanding for Basic EPS: Average shares outstanding Less: average restricted stock award shares not vested Less: average unearned ESOP Shares Shares outstanding for Basic EPS Additional Dilutive Shares Shares outstanding for Diluted EPS Basic Earnings Per Share Diluted Earnings Per Share 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net income Shares outstanding for Basic EPS: Average shares outstanding Less: average restricted stock award shares not vested Less: average unearned ESOP Shares Shares outstanding for Basic EPS Additional Dilutive Shares Shares outstanding for Diluted EPS Basic Earnings Per Share Diluted Earnings Per Share 
 
 Note 7: 
 percent for the first percent of base salary contributed by participants. The Company s expense for the plan was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
 As part of the reorganization and related stock offering, the Company established an Employee Stock Ownership Plan, or ESOP, covering substantially all employees. The ESOP acquired shares of Company common stock at an average price of per share on the open market with funds provided by a loan from the Company. Dividends on unallocated 
 
 26 

and shares of common stock acquired by the ESOP were shown as a reduction of stockholders equity at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Shares are released to participants proportionately as the loan is repaid. 
 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Earned ESOP shares Unearned ESOP shares Total ESOP shares Quoted per share price Fair value of earned shares (in thousands) Fair value of unearned shares (in thousands) 
 
 Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 On September 15, 2020, the Company's stockholders approved the Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan ("2020 EIP") which provides for the grant to eligible participants of up to (i) shares of Company common stock to be issued upon the exercise of stock options and stock appreciation rights and (ii) shares of Company common stock to participants as restricted stock awards (which may be in the form of shares of common stock or share units giving the participant the right to receive shares of common stock at a specified future date). 
 Restricted Stock Awards . On October 1, 2020, the Company awarded shares of common stock under the 2020 EIP with a grant date fair value of per share (total fair value of million at issuance) to eligible participants. On April 1, 2021, the Company awarded an additional shares of common stock under the 2020 EIP with a grant date fair value of (total fair value of at issuance) to eligible participants. These awards vest in equal annual installments with the first vesting occurring on June 30, 2021. Forfeited shares may be awarded to other eligible recipients in future grants until the 2020 EIP terminates in September 2030. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested, September 30, 2024 
 Total compensation cost recognized in the income statement for restricted stock awards during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and , and the related tax benefit recognized was and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock awards was . 
 
 27 

of common stock under the 2020 EIP with an exercise price of per share, the fair value of a share of the Company's common stock on the date of grant, to eligible participants. On April 1, 2021, the Company awarded options to purchase shares of common stock under the 2020 EIP with an exercise price of per share, the fair value of a share of the Company's common stock on the date of the grant, to eligible participants. These options awarded vest in equal annual installments with the first vesting occurring on June 30, 2021. Forfeited options may be awarded to other eligible recipients in future grants until the 2020 EIP terminates in September 2030. 
 Exercised ) Forfeited/expired ) Balance, June 30, 2024 Exercisable at end of period 
 
 Volatility factors of expected market price of common stock Risk-free interest rates Expected life of options years 
 
 Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested, September 30, 2024 
 
 Total compensation cost recognized in the income statement for option-based payment arrangements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and , and the related tax benefit recognized was and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized compensation expense related to the stock option awards was . 

28 

Note 8: 
 and million, respectively. These balances are reflected in the other assets line of the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The assets are amortized as a component of the provision for income taxes. 
 Tax credits recognized 

Note 9: 
 shares of the Company's common stock pursuant to the existing stock repurchase program, leaving shares available for future repurchase. 
 
 29 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 General 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition of the Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. (the Company at September 30, 2024, and the consolidated results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, is intended to assist in understanding the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto appearing in Part I, Item 1, of this Form 10-Q. 
 The terms we, our, us, or the Company refer to Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. and its consolidated direct and indirect subsidiaries, including First Bank Richmond, which we sometimes refer to as the Bank, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain matters in this Form 10-Q may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact, are based on certain assumptions and are generally identified by use of words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, forecasts, intends, plans, targets, potentially, probably, projects, outlook or similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as may, will, should, would, and could. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; 
 statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; 
 statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and 
 estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. 
 You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. These forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs and expectations and, by their nature, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. 
 Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated or projected include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 adverse impacts to economic conditions in our local market areas and other markets where we have lending relationships; 
 effects of employment levels, labor shortages and inflation, a recession, or slowed economic growth; 
 changes in the interest rate environment, including increases or decreases in the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve") benchmark rate and the duration of such changed levels; 
 the impact of inflation and the Federal Reserve monetary policies; 
 effects of any federal government shutdown; 
 changes in the level and direction of loan or lease delinquencies and write-offs and changes in estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses; 
 our ability to access cost-effective funding including maintaining the confidence of depositors; 
 unexpected outflows of uninsured deposits may require us to sell investment securities at a loss; 
 
 30 

fluctuations in real estate values, and residential, commercial, and multi-family real estate market conditions; 
 demand for loans and deposits in our market area; 
 our ability to implement and change our business strategies; 
 competition among depository and other financial institutions and equipment financing companies; 
 bank failures or other adverse developments at banks and related negative press about the banking industry in general on investor and depositor sentiment; 
 inflation and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins and yields, our mortgage banking revenues, the fair value of financial instruments or our level of loan originations, or increase the level of defaults, losses and prepayments on our loans and leases; 
 adverse changes in the securities or secondary mortgage markets; 
 changes in the quality or composition of our loan, lease or investment portfolios; 
 our ability to keep pace with technological changes, including our ability to identify and address cyber-security risks such as data security breaches, "denial of service" attacks, "hacking" and identity theft, and other attacks on our information technology systems or on our third-party vendors; 
 results of examinations by regulatory authorities and potential requirements to increase credit loss allowances, write-down assets, reclassify assets, change our regulatory capital position, or affect our liquidity and earnings; 
 the inability of third-party providers to perform as expected; 
 our ability to manage market risk, credit risk and operational risk in the current economic environment; 
 our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities; 
 our ability to attract and retain key employees; 
 our compensation expense associated with equity allocated or awarded to our employees; 
 changes in the financial condition, results of operations or future prospects of issuers of securities that we own; 
 our ability to successfully integrate into our operations any assets, liabilities, customers, systems and management personnel we may acquire and our ability to realize related revenue synergies and cost savings within expected time frames, and any goodwill charges related thereto; 
 changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; 
 changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, including additional guidance and interpretation on accounting issues and details of the implementation of new accounting methods; 
 legislative or regulatory changes, including changes in banking, securities, tax law, regulatory policies, and principles; 
 our ability to pay dividends on our common stock; 
 other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory, and technical factors affecting our operations, pricing, products and services; 
 
 31 

the effects of climate change, severe weather, natural disasters, pandemics, epidemics and other public health crises, acts of war or terrorism, civil unrest, and other external events; and 
 the other risks detailed in this report and from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 2023 Form 10-K ). 
 We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements included in this report or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those contained in such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking statements discussed in this report might not occur and you should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 
 
 Overview 
 The Company, a Maryland corporation, is a bank holding company for its wholly owned subsidiary, First Bank Richmond. Substantially all of the Company's business is conducted through First Bank Richmond. The Company is regulated by the Federal Reserve and the Indiana Department of Financial Institutions ("IDFI"). The Company's corporate office is located at 31 North 9th Street, Richmond, Indiana, and its telephone number is (765) 962-2581. 
 First Bank Richmond is an Indiana state-chartered commercial bank headquartered in Richmond, Indiana. The Bank was originally established in 1887 as an Indiana state-chartered mutual savings and loan association and in 1935 converted to a federal mutual savings and loan association, operating under the name First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Richmond. In 1993, the Bank converted to a state-chartered mutual savings bank and changed its name to First Bank Richmond, S.B. In 1998, the Bank, in connection with its non-stock mutual holding company reorganization, converted to a national bank charter operating as First Bank Richmond, National Association. In July 2007, Richmond Mutual Bancorporation-Delaware, the Bank s then current holding company, acquired Mutual Federal Savings Bank headquartered in Sidney, Ohio. Mutual Federal Savings Bank was operated independently as a separately chartered, wholly owned subsidiary of Richmond Mutual Bancorporation-Delaware until 2016 when it was combined with the bank through an internal merger transaction that consolidated both banks into a single, more efficient commercial bank charter. In 2017, the Bank converted to an Indiana state-chartered commercial bank and changed its name to First Bank Richmond. The former Mutual Federal Savings Bank continues to operate in Ohio under the name Mutual Federal, a division of First Bank Richmond. 
 First Bank Richmond provides full banking services through its seven full- and one limited-service offices located in Cambridge City (1), Centerville (1), Richmond (5) and Shelbyville (1), Indiana, its five full-service offices located in Piqua (2), Sidney (2) and Troy (1), Ohio, and its loan production office in Columbus, Ohio. Administrative, trust and wealth management services are conducted through First Bank Richmond s Corporate Office/Financial Center located in Richmond, Indiana. As an Indiana-chartered commercial bank, First Bank Richmond is subject to regulation by the IDFI and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). 
 Our principal business consists of attracting deposits from the general public, as well as brokered deposits, and investing those funds primarily in loans secured by commercial and multi-family real estate, first mortgages on owner-occupied, one- to four-family residences, a variety of consumer loans, direct financing leases and commercial and industrial loans. We also obtain funds by utilizing Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB advances. Funds not invested in loans generally are invested in investment securities, including mortgage-backed and mortgage-related securities and government sponsored agency and municipal bonds. 
 First Bank Richmond generates commercial, mortgage and consumer loans and leases and receives deposits from customers located primarily in Wayne and Shelby Counties, in Indiana and Shelby, Miami and Franklin (no deposits) Counties, in Ohio. We sometimes refer to these counties as our primary market area. First Bank Richmond s loans are generally secured by specific items of collateral including real property, consumer assets and business assets. Our leasing operation consists of direct investments in equipment that we lease (referred to as direct finance leases) to small businesses located throughout the United States. Our lease portfolio consists of various kinds of equipment, generally technology-related, such as computer systems, medical equipment and general manufacturing, industrial, construction and transportation equipment. We seek leasing transactions where we believe the equipment leased is integral to the lessee's business. We also provide trust and wealth management services, including serving as executor and trustee under wills and deeds and as guardian and custodian of employee benefits, and manage private investment accounts for individuals and institutions. Total wealth management assets under management and administration were 189.5 million at September 30, 2024. 
 
 32 

Our results of operations are primarily dependent on net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income, which is the income that is earned on loans and investments, and interest expense, which is the interest that is paid on deposits and borrowings. Other significant sources of pre-tax income are service charges (mostly from service charges on deposit accounts and loan servicing fees), and fees from sale of residential mortgage loans originated for sale in the secondary market. We also recognize income from the sale of investment securities. 
 Changes in market interest rates, the slope of the yield curve, and interest we earn on interest-earning assets or pay on interest-bearing liabilities, as well as the volume and types of interest-earning assets, interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing liabilities and shareholders equity, usually have the largest impact on changes in our net interest spread, net interest margin and net interest income during a reporting period. 
 At September 30, 2024, on a consolidated basis, we had 1.5 billion in assets, 1.1 billion in loans and leases, net of allowance, 1.1 billion in deposits and 140.0 million in stockholders equity. At September 30, 2024, First Bank Richmond s total risk-based capital ratio was 14.35 , exceeding the 10.0 requirement for a well-capitalized institution. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net income was 6.9 million, compared with net income of 7.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. In doing so, we have to make estimates and assumptions. Our critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of uncertainty at the time the estimate was made, and changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, or use of different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. We base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. We have reviewed our critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our Board of Directors. 
 There have been no significant changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the critical accounting estimates reported in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2023 Form 10-K. See "Critical Accounting Estimates" included in Part II, Item 7 of our 2023 Form 10-K for a further discussion of our Critical Accounting Estimates. 
 Comparison of Financial Condition at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 General. Total assets increased 31.5 million, or 2.2 , to 1.5 billion at September 30, 2024 from December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily the result of a 50.9 million, or 4.7 , increase in loans and leases, net of allowance for credit losses, to 1.1 billion, partially offset by a 16.3 million, or 5.7 , decrease in investment securities to 271.3 million at September 30, 2024. 
 Investment Securities. Investment securities available for sale totaled 267.3 million and 282.7 million, while investment securities held to maturity totaled 4.1 million and 4.9 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The 15.4 million, or 5.5 , decrease in investment securities available for sale was primarily due to maturities and principal repayments of 16.4 million and 6.9 million in sales of securities, partially offset by a 5.2 million upward mark-to-market adjustment on the investment portfolio due to the decline in market interest rates at the end of the current quarter. The decrease in investment securities held to maturity was the result of scheduled principal repayments and maturities. The proceeds received from the maturities, repayments, and sales of securities were used to fund loan growth. 
 Loans and Leases. Loans and leases, net of allowance for credit losses on loans and leases, increased 50.9 million, or 4.7 , to 1.1 billion at September 30, 2024 from December 31, 2023. The increase in loans and leases was attributable to increases in multi-family loans, commercial and industrial loans, residential mortgage loans, and commercial real estate loans of 45.0 million, 11.2 million, 10.8 million and 6.8 million, respectively. At September 30, 2024, loans held for sale totaled 220,000, compared to 794,000 at December 31, 2023. 
 Nonaccrual loans and leases totaled 5.1 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 6.3 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease in nonaccrual loans reflects a 1.2 million decline in nonaccrual commercial and industrial loans which were paid-off during the period. Accruing loans and leases past due 90 days or more totaled 1.6 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.7 million at December 31, 2023. Nonperforming loans and leases, consisting of nonaccrual loans and 
 
 33 

leases and accruing loans and leases 90 days or more past due, totaled 6.7 million, or 0.58 of total loans and leases, at September 30, 2024, compared to 8.0 million, or 0.72 of total loans and leases, at December 31, 2023. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses. The allowance for credit losses on loans and leases increased 110,000, or 0.7 , to 15.8 million at September 30, 2024 from December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, the allowance for credit losses on loans and leases totaled 1.36 of total loans and leases outstanding. At December 31, 2023, the allowance for credit losses on loans and leases totaled 15.7 million, or 1.42 of total loans and leases outstanding. Net charge-offs during the first nine months of 2024 were 1.2 million, compared to net charge-offs of 436,000 during the first nine months of 2023. 
 Management regularly analyzes conditions within its geographic markets and evaluates its loan and lease portfolio. The Company evaluated its exposure to potential loan and lease losses as of September 30, 2024, which evaluation included consideration of a potential recession due to inflation, stock market volatility, and overall geopolitical tensions. Credit metrics are being reviewed and stress testing is being performed on the loan portfolio on an ongoing basis. For additional information on the allowance for credit losses, see "Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases" and "Economic Outlook" in "Note 4 Loans, Leases and Allowance" of the "Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements" in this report. 
 Other Assets . Other assets decreased 3.2 million, or 12.8 , to 21.6 million at September 30, 2024 from 24.8 million at December 31, 2023, primarily caused by a decrease in our deferred tax asset due to the upward mark-to-market adjustment on the investment portfolio. 
 Deposits. Total deposits increased 48.0 million, or 4.6 , to 1.1 billion at September 30, 2024 from December 31, 2023. The increase in deposits primarily was due to an increase in non-brokered time deposits of 41.6 million, which were used to fund loan demand, and savings and money-market accounts of 27.0 million. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in demand deposit accounts of 31.4 million. Brokered deposits totaled 279.6 million, or 25.7 of total deposits, at September 30, 2024, compared to 268.8 million, or 25.8 of total deposits, at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, noninterest-bearing deposits totaled 98.5 million, or 9.0 of total deposits, compared to 114.4 million, or 11.0 of total deposits, at December 31, 2023. Management attributes the shift in funds from transaction accounts to retail certificates of deposit to customers taking advantage of higher rates being paid on time deposits as a result of interest rate hikes enacted by the Federal Reserve. 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately 224.6 million of our deposit portfolio, or 20.6 of total deposits, excluding collateralized public deposits, was uninsured. The uninsured amounts are estimated based on the methodologies and assumptions used for First Bank Richmond's regulatory reporting requirements. 
 Borrowings. Total borrowings, consisting solely of FHLB advances, decreased 19.0 million, or 7.0 , to 252.0 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 271.0 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease in borrowing was mainly driven by an increase in deposits during the period, which reduced our need for additional borrowing. 
 Stockholders Equity. Stockholders equity totaled 140.0 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 5.2 million, or 3.8 , from December 31, 2023. The increase in stockholders' equity from year-end 2023 resulted from net income of 6.9 million and a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss ("AOCL") of 4.1 million, partially offset by the payment of 4.3 million in dividends to Company stockholders, and the repurchase of 3.1 million of Company common stock. At December 31, 2023, the available for sale portfolio had a net unrealized loss of 54.5 million compared to a net unrealized loss of 49.3 million at September 30, 2024. The AOCL impact to equity, after tax affecting the unrealized loss, was 39.0 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 43.0 million at December 31, 2023. The Company repurchased 261,234 shares of Company common stock at an average price of 11.85 per share for a total of 3.1 million during the first nine months of 2024. The Company's equity to asset ratio was 9.38 at September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the Bank's Tier 1 capital to total assets ratio was 10.73 and the Bank's capital was well in excess of all regulatory requirements. 
 Comparison of Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 General. Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.5 million, a 523,000 or 26.8 increase from net income of 1.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Diluted earnings per share were 0.24 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 0.19 diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of 2023. The increase in net income primarily was the result of a 305,000 increase in net interest income, a reversal of the provision for credit losses of 99,000 in the third quarter of 2024, compared to a provision for credit losses of 50,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, and a 168,000 increase in noninterest income, partially offset by a 96,000 increase in the provision for income taxes. 
 
 34 

Interest Income. Interest income increased 2.8 million, or 16.4 , to 20.3 million during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 17.4 million during the quarter ended September 30, 2023. Interest income on loans and leases increased 2.8 million, or 18.3 , to 18.1 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, from 15.3 million for the comparable quarter in 2023, due to an increase in the average balance of loans and leases of 84.3 million, and an increase of 56 basis points in the average yield earned on loans and leases. The average outstanding loan and lease balance was 1.2 billion for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.1 billion for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The average yield on loans and leases was 6.27 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.71 for the comparable quarter in 2023. 
 Interest income on investment securities, excluding FHLB stock, decreased 102,000, or 5.7 , for the third quarter of 2024 from the comparable quarter in 2023. The decrease was due to a 12.7 million decrease in the average balance, primarily as a result of proceeds received from sales, maturities and paydowns on securities being used to fund loan growth, and a three basis point decrease in the average yield earned on investment securities. The average yield on investment securities, excluding FHLB stock, decreased to 2.51 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 2.54 for the third quarter of 2023. The average balance of investment securities, excluding FHLB stock, decreased to 270.9 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 283.6 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 Dividends on FHLB stock increased 63,000, or 26.4 , during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, from the comparable quarter in 2023, resulting in an average yield on FHLB stock of 8.69 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 8.75 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Interest income on cash and cash equivalents increased 86,000, or 84.3 , during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, from the comparable quarter in 2023, due to an 81 basis point increase in the average yield and a 5.5 million increase in the average balance of cash and cash equivalents. 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense increased 2.5 million, or 30.7 , to 10.8 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023. Interest expense on deposits increased 2.0 million, or 31.9 , to 8.3 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, from the comparable quarter in 2023. The increase in interest expense on deposits primarily was attributable to a 61.8 million increase in the average balance of, and a 64 basis point increase in the average rate paid on, interest-bearing deposits. The average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits was 3.33 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.69 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The average balance of interest-bearing deposits was 1.0 billion for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 939.2 million in the comparable quarter in 2023. Interest expense on FHLB borrowings increased 529,000, or 26.9 , to 2.5 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2.0 million for the same quarter in 2023, due to increases in the average rate paid on FHLB borrowings of 58 basis points and the average balance of such borrowings of 20.0 million. The average rate paid on FHLB borrowings was 4.08 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 3.50 for the third quarter of 2023. The average balance of FHLB borrowings totaled 244.8 million during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 224.8 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net Interest Income. Net interest income before the (reversal of)/provision for credit losses increased 305,000, or 3.3 , to 9.4 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 9.1 million for the third quarter of 2023. This increase was due to an 80.0 million increase in average interest earning assets, partially offset by a 13 basis point decrease in the average interest rate spread. Net interest margin (annualized) was 2.60 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.66 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net interest margin primarily was due to the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities increasing faster than the yield on interest-earning assets. 
 Between March 2022 and January 2024, in response to continuing elevated inflation, the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve hiked interest rates a total of 11 times, to a range of 5.25 to 5.50 until September 18, 2024 when the rates were reduced to the range of 4.75 to 5.00 . While interest income benefited from the repricing impact of the higher interest rate environment on earning asset yields, the benefits were offset by the higher cost of interest-bearing deposit accounts and borrowings, which tend to be shorter in duration than our assets and reprice or reset faster than assets. 
 Average Balances, Interest and Average Yields/Cost. The following table sets forth for the periods indicated, information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities as well as the total dollar amounts of interest income from average interest-earning assets and interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, resultant yields, interest rate spread, net interest margin (otherwise known as net yield on interest-earning assets), and the ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities. Average balances have been calculated using daily balances. Non-accruing loans have been included in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. Loan fees are included in interest income on loans and are not material. 
 
 35 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance Outstanding Interest Earned/ Paid Yield/ Rate Average Balance Outstanding Interest Earned/ Paid Yield/ Rate (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans and leases receivable 1,153,325 18,071 6.27 1,069,049 15,270 5.71 Securities 270,857 1,700 2.51 283,600 1,802 2.54 FHLB stock 13,907 302 8.69 10,923 239 8.75 Cash and cash equivalents and other 15,874 188 4.74 10,371 102 3.93 Total interest-earning assets 1,453,963 20,261 5.57 1,373,943 17,413 5.07 Non-earning assets 40,485 45,175 Total assets 1,494,448 1,419,118 Interest-bearing liabilities: Savings and money market accounts 290,108 1,779 2.45 260,386 1,184 1.82 Interest-bearing checking accounts 140,028 431 1.23 146,084 283 0.77 Certificate accounts 570,820 6,121 4.29 532,721 4,851 3.64 Borrowings 244,793 2,497 4.08 224,750 1,968 3.50 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,245,749 10,828 3.48 1,163,941 8,286 2.85 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 101,239 112,109 Other liabilities 13,200 13,945 Stockholders' equity 134,260 129,123 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 1,494,448 1,419,118 Net interest income 9,433 9,127 Net earning assets 208,214 210,002 Net interest rate spread (1) 
 2.09 2.22 Net interest margin (2) 
 2.60 2.66 Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 
 11,671.00 118.04 
 _____________ 
 (1) Annualized. Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average rate of interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (2) Annualized. Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. 
 (Reversal of)/Provision for Credit Losses. A reversal of the provision for credit losses of 99,000 was recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a provision for credit losses of 50,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Net charge-offs during the third quarter of 2024 were 464,000, compared to 299,000 in the third quarter of 2023. The reversal of provision for credit losses during the quarter was due to the availability of increased details within certain loan categories, which allowed for more precise risk profiling. Additionally, macroeconomic inputs, credit metrics, and refreshed loss driver data were updated to further refine our allowance calculation. 
 While we believe the steps we have taken and continue to take are necessary to effectively manage our portfolio, uncertainties relating to the level of our allowance for credit losses remain heightened as a result of continued concern about a potential recession due to inflation, stock market volatility, and overall geopolitical tensions. 
 
 Noninterest Income. Noninterest income increased 168,000, or 14.5 , to 1.3 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same quarter in 2023. The increase in noninterest income resulted primarily from increases in net gains on loan and lease sales and service charges on deposit accounts, partially offset by a decrease in other income. Net gains on loan and lease sales increased 122,000, or 135.8 , compared to the same quarter in 2023, due to increased mortgage banking activity. Service fees on deposit accounts increased 51,000, or 18.5 , in the third quarter of 2024 
 
 36 

from the comparable quarter in 2023, due to higher transaction activity and early withdraw penalty fees, coupled with year-over-year deposit growth. Other income decreased 24,000, or 6.3 , to 354,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 378,000 for the comparable quarter in 2023 due to fees earned from our participation in a loan hedging program with a correspondent bank in 2023. Net gains on sales of securities available for sale totaled 11,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, while there were no sales of securities in the comparable quarter of 2023. Loan and lease servicing fees increased 11,000, or 9.5 , for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the comparable quarter in 2023 due to increased loan participation income. Card fee income decreased 2,000, or 0.8 , to 301,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same quarter in 2023. 
 Noninterest Expense. Noninterest expense totaled 8.0 million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the three months ended September 30, 2023. Salaries and employee benefits increased 204,000, or 4.7 , to 4.6 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, from 4.4 million for the same quarter in 2023. The increase in salaries and benefits was primarily driven by higher health insurance, as well as increased compensation costs. Deposit insurance expense increased 100,000, or 35.7 , from the comparable quarter in 2023 primarily due to a change in the asset and deposit mix. Legal and professional fees decreased 65,000, or 12.3 , to 463,000 from the comparable quarter in 2023 primarily due to reduced accounting services expenses. Data processing fees increased 40,000, or 4.7 , to 894,000 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same quarter of 2023, primarily due to increased core provider expenses. Other expenses decreased 236,000, or 20.4 , to 918,000 during the third quarter of 2024, compared to the same quarter of 2023, primarily due to reduced fraud losses and loan closing expenses. 
 Income Tax Expense. The provision for income taxes increased 96,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, due to a higher level of pre-tax income. The effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2024 was 13.0 compared to 12.3 for the same quarter a year ago. The increase in the effective tax rate was a result of a higher level of pre-tax income, reducing the favorable impact of tax-exempt interest and deductions. 
 Comparison of Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 General. Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.9 million, a 644,000 or 8.5 decrease from net income of 7.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Diluted earnings per share were 0.68 for the first nine months of 2024, compared to 0.72 diluted earnings per share for the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in net income was the result of a 1.4 million increase in noninterest expense and a 127,000 increase in the provision for credit losses, partially offset by a 510,000 increase in net interest income, a 134,000 increase in noninterest income, and a 254,000 decrease in the provision for income taxes. 
 Interest Income. Interest income increased 11.0 million, or 22.6 , to 59.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 48.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Interest income on loans and leases increased 10.6 million, or 24.8 , to 53.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 42.6 million for the comparable period in 2023, due to an increase in the average balance of loans and leases of 115.0 million, and an increase of 68 basis points in the average yield earned on loans and leases. The average outstanding loan and lease balance was 1.1 billion for the first nine months of 2024, compared to 1.0 billion for the first nine months of 2023. The average yield on loans and leases was 6.20 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.52 for the comparable period in 2023. 
 Interest income on investment securities, excluding FHLB stock, decreased 176,000, or 3.3 , to 5.2 million from the comparable period in 2023, due to a decrease in the average balance of investment securities, partially offset by a five basis point increase in the average yield. The average yield on investment securities, excluding FHLB stock, was 2.53 for the first nine months of 2024, compared to 2.48 for the first nine months of 2023. The average balance of investment securities, excluding FHLB stock, was 275.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 290.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Dividends on FHLB stock increased 390,000, or 70.0 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from the comparable period in 2023, resulting in an average yield on FHLB stock of 9.12 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 7.16 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Interest income on cash and cash equivalents increased 243,000, or 80.5 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from the comparable period in 2023, due to a 99 basis point increase in the average yield and a 4.6 million increase in the average balance of cash and cash equivalents. 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense increased 10.5 million, or 51.3 , to 31.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Interest expense on deposits increased 7.5 million, or 47.3 , to 23.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from the comparable period in 2023. The 
 
 37 

increase in interest expense on deposits was attributable to a 51.6 million increase in the average balance of, and a 90 basis point increase in the average rate paid on, interest-bearing deposits. The average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits was 3.19 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.28 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The average balance of interest-bearing deposits was 979.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 927.6 million in the comparable period in 2023. Interest expense on FHLB borrowings increased 3.0 million, or 65.3 , to 7.6 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 4.6 million for the same period in 2023, due to increases in the average rate paid on, and average balance of, FHLB borrowings. The average rate paid on FHLB borrowings was 3.91 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 94 basis points from 2.97 for the first nine months of 2023. The average balance of FHLB borrowings totaled 259.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, up 53.0 million from 206.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net Interest Income. Net interest income before the provision for credit losses increased 510,000, or 1.8 , to 28.8 million for the first nine months of 2024, compared to 28.3 million for the first nine months of 2023. This increase was due to a 3.6 million increase in average net earning assets, partially offset by a 28 basis point decrease in the average interest rate spread. Net interest margin (annualized) was 2.66 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.82 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net interest margin primarily was due to the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities increasing faster than the yield on interest-earning assets. 
 Average Balances, Interest and Average Yields/Cost. The following table sets forth for the periods indicated, information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities as well as the total dollar amounts of interest income from average interest-earning assets and interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, resultant yields, interest rate spread, net interest margin (otherwise known as net yield on interest-earning assets), and the ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities. Average balances have been calculated using daily balances. Non-accruing loans have been included in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. Loan fees are included in interest income on loans and are not material. 
 
 38 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance Outstanding Interest Earned/ Paid Yield/ Rate Average Balance Outstanding Interest Earned/ Paid Yield/ Rate (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans and leases receivable 1,142,828 53,133 6.20 1,027,782 42,562 5.52 Securities 275,903 5,232 2.53 290,820 5,408 2.48 FHLB stock 13,848 947 9.12 10,369 557 7.16 Cash and cash equivalents and other 15,480 545 4.69 10,877 302 3.70 Total interest-earning assets 1,448,059 59,857 5.51 1,339,848 48,829 4.86 Non-earning assets 42,399 44,335 Total assets 1,490,458 1,384,183 Interest-bearing liabilities: Savings and money market accounts 279,890 4,961 2.36 275,936 3,537 1.71 Interest-bearing checking accounts 144,157 1,250 1.16 148,539 708 0.64 Certificate accounts 555,136 17,188 4.13 503,093 11,644 3.09 Borrowings 259,911 7,617 3.91 206,897 4,609 2.97 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,239,094 31,016 3.34 1,134,465 20,498 2.41 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 105,564 104,260 Other liabilities 13,718 13,757 Stockholders' equity 132,082 131,701 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 1,490,458 1,384,183 Net interest income 28,841 28,331 Net earning assets 208,965 205,383 Net interest rate spread (1) 
 2.17 2.45 Net interest margin (2) 
 2.66 2.82 Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 
 116.86 118.10 
 _____________ 
 (1) Annualized. Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average rate of interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (2) Annualized. Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. 
 Provision for Credit Losses. The provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 355,000, compared to 228,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a 127,000 or 55.6 increase. The increased provision was due to an increase in the loan portfolio, as well as an increase in net charge-offs during the period. Net charge-offs during the first nine months of 2024 were 1.2 million, compared to 436,000 in the first nine months of 2023. While we believe the steps we have taken and continue to take are necessary to effectively manage our portfolio, uncertainties relating to the level of our allowance for credit losses remain heightened as a result of continued concern about a potential recession due to inflation, stock market volatility, and overall geopolitical tensions. 
 
 Noninterest Income. Noninterest income increased 134,000, or 3.9 , to 3.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. The increase in noninterest income resulted primarily from increases in service charges on deposit accounts and other income and, to a lesser extent, increases in net gains on loan and lease sales and loan and lease servicing fees, partially offset by net losses on sales of securities available for sale. Service fees on deposit accounts increased 77,000, or 9.2 , in the first nine months of 2024 from the comparable period in 2023 due to higher transaction activity and account maintenance fees, coupled with year-over-year deposit growth. Other income increased 58,000, or 6.1 , to 1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 956,000 for the comparable period in 2023 due to increased wealth management income. Net gains on loan and lease sales increased 22,000, or 5.4 , 
 
 39 

compared to the same period in 2023, due to increased mortgage banking activity. Loan and lease servicing fees increased 40,000, or 11.7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the comparable period in 2023. Net losses on sales of securities available for sale totaled 51,000 for the first nine months of 2024, while there were no sales of securities in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Noninterest Expense. Noninterest expense increased 1.4 million, or 6.2 , to 24.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 22.7 million for the same period in 2023. Salaries and employee benefits increased 935,000, or 7.3 , to 13.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 12.9 million for the same period in 2023. The increase in salaries and benefits was primarily driven by higher health insurance and compensation costs. Deposit insurance expense increased 523,000, or 81.7 , from the comparable quarter in 2023 primarily due to a change in the asset and deposit mix. Legal and professional fees increased 181,000, or 15.1 , to 1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.2 million for the comparable period in 2023 due to other professional service expenses related to auditing and internal process enhancements. Data processing fees increased 168,000, or 6.7 , to 2.7 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to increased software and core provider expenses. 
 Income Tax Expense. The provision for income taxes decreased 254,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, due to a lower level of pre-tax income. The effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2024 was 12.9 compared to 14.5 for the same period a year ago. The decrease in the effective tax rate was a result of lower pre-tax income, allowing a greater favorable impact of tax-exempt interest and deductions. 

Capital and Liquidity 
 Capital. Shareholders' equity totaled 140.0 million at September 30, 2024 and 134.9 million at December 31, 2023. In addition to net income of 6.9 million, other sources of capital during the first nine months of 2024 included 476,000 related to the allocation of ESOP shares, 1.1 million related to stock-based compensation, and a 4.1 million reduction in AOCL. Uses of capital during the first nine months of 2024 included 4.3 million of dividends paid on common stock and 3.1 million of stock repurchases. 
 We paid a regular quarterly dividend of 0.14 per common share during both the third quarter of 2024 and 2023. We currently expect to continue our practice of paying regular quarterly cash dividends on common stock subject to the Board of Directors' discretion to modify or terminate this practice at any time and for any reason without prior notice. Assuming continued payment during 2024 at the current dividend rate of 0.14 per share, our average total dividend paid each quarter would be approximately 1.5 million based on the number of our currently outstanding shares at September 30, 2024. 
 Stock Repurchase Plans. From time to time, our Board of Directors has authorized stock repurchase plans. In general, stock-repurchase plans allow us to proactively manage our capital position and return excess capital to shareholders. Repurchased shares also help satisfy obligations related to stock compensation awards. On June 6, 2023, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company's existing stock repurchase program, authorizing the purchase of up to an additional 321,386 shares of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock, in addition to the 827,554 shares remaining available for repurchase at that date, and extending the stock repurchase program's expiration date to June 6, 2024, unless completed sooner. On May 16, 2024, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved a further extension of the Company's existing stock repurchase program, setting a new expiration date of June 6, 2025. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 606,802 shares remained available for repurchase under its existing stock repurchase program. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to purchase any particular number of shares. See Part II, Item 2 - "Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds." 
 Liquidity. Liquidity measures the ability to meet current and future cash flow needs as they become due. The liquidity of a financial institution reflects its ability to meet loan requests, to accommodate possible outflows in deposits and to take advantage of interest rate market opportunities. The ability of a financial institution to meet its current financial obligations is a function of its balance sheet structure, its ability to liquidate assets and its access to alternative sources of funds. The objective of our liquidity management is to manage cash flow and liquidity reserves so that they are adequate to fund our operations and to meet obligations and other commitments on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost. We seek to achieve this objective and ensure that funding needs are met by maintaining an appropriate level of liquid funds through asset/liability management, which includes managing the mix and time to maturity of financial assets and financial liabilities on our balance sheet. Our liquidity position is enhanced by our ability to raise additional funds as needed in the wholesale markets. 
 
 40 

Asset liquidity is provided by liquid assets which are readily marketable or pledgeable or which will mature in the near future. Liquid assets generally include cash, interest-bearing deposits in banks, securities available for sale, maturities and cash flow from securities held to maturity, sales of fixed rate residential mortgage loans in the secondary market, and federal funds sold and resell agreements. Liability liquidity generally is provided by access to funding sources which include core deposits and advances from the FHLB and other borrowing relationships with third party financial institutions. 
 Our liquidity position is continuously monitored and adjustments are made to the balance between sources and uses of funds as deemed appropriate. Liquidity risk management is an important element in our asset/liability management process. We regularly model liquidity stress scenarios to assess potential liquidity outflows or funding problems resulting from economic disruptions, volatility in the financial markets, unexpected credit events or other significant occurrences deemed problematic by management. These scenarios are incorporated into our contingency funding plan, which provides the basis for the identification of our liquidity needs. 
 Our liquid assets in the form of cash and cash equivalents and investments available for sale totaled 287.1 million at September 30, 2024. Certificates of deposit scheduled to mature in less than one year from September 30, 2024 totaled 349.2 million. Historically, the Bank has been able to retain a significant amount of its deposits as they mature. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 8.1 million held in an interest-bearing account at the Federal Reserve. We also have the ability to borrow funds as a member of the FHLB. As of September 30, 2024, based upon available, pledgeable collateral, our total remaining borrowing capacity with the FHLB was approximately 120.7 million. Furthermore, at September 30, 2024, we had approximately 179.8 million in securities that were unencumbered by a pledge and could be used to support additional borrowings through repurchase agreements or the Federal Reserve discount window, as needed. As of September 30, 2024, management was not aware of any events that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, capital resources or operations. In addition, management is not aware of any regulatory recommendations regarding liquidity that would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our cash flows are comprised of three primary classifications: cash flows from operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities. Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 8.0 million, compared to 8.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities was 30.3 million, which consisted primarily of a 49.3 million increase in loans receivable, compared to 100.6 million of cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 21.7 million, which was comprised primarily of a 48.0 million increase in deposits, compared to 97.0 million provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Management believes the capital sources are adequate to meet all reasonably foreseeable short-term and long-term cash requirements and there has not been a material change in our liquidity and capital resources since the information disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K other than set forth above. 
 Richmond Mutual Bancorporation is a separate legal entity from First Bank Richmond and must provide for its own liquidity. In addition to its own operating expenses, Richmond Mutual Bancorporation is responsible for paying for any stock repurchases, dividends declared to its stockholders and other general corporate expenses. Since Richmond Mutual Bancorporation is a holding company and does not conduct operations, its primary sources of liquidity are interest on investment securities purchased with proceeds from our initial public offering, dividends up-streamed from First Bank Richmond and borrowings from outside sources. Banking regulations may limit the amount of dividends that may be paid to us by First Bank Richmond. At September 30, 2024, Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, on an unconsolidated basis, had 6.7 million in cash, noninterest-bearing deposits and liquid investments generally available for its cash needs. 
 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements. First Bank Richmond is subject to minimum capital requirements imposed by the FDIC. The FDIC may require us to have additional capital above the specific regulatory levels if it believes we are subject to increased risk due to asset problems, high interest rate risk and other risks. At September 30, 2024, First Bank Richmond s regulatory capital exceeded the FDIC regulatory requirements, and First Bank Richmond was well-capitalized under regulatory prompt corrective action standards. Consistent with our goals to operate a sound and profitable organization, our policy is for First Bank Richmond to maintain well-capitalized status. 
 
 41 

Actual Minimum for Capital Adequacy Purposes Categorized as "Well-Capitalized" Under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio 
 (Dollars in thousands) As of September 30, 2024 Total risk-based capital (to risk weighted assets) 180,328 14.3 100,548 8.0 125,685 10.0 Tier 1 risk-based capital (to risk weighted assets) 164,609 13.1 75,411 6.0 100,548 8.0 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 164,609 13.1 56,558 4.5 81,695 6.5 Tier 1 leverage (core) capital (to adjusted tangible assets) 164,609 10.7 61,340 4.0 76,675 5.0 As of December 31, 2023 Total risk-based capital (to risk weighted assets) 174,938 14.1 99,247 8.0 124,059 10.0 Tier 1 risk-based capital (to risk weighted assets) 159,409 12.8 74,435 6.0 99,247 8.0 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 159,409 12.8 55,826 4.5 80,638 6.5 Tier 1 leverage (core) capital (to adjusted tangible assets) 159,409 10.6 59,931 4.0 74,914 5.0 
 Pursuant to the capital regulations of the FDIC and the other federal banking agencies, First Bank Richmond must maintain a capital conservation buffer consisting of additional common equity tier 1 CET1 capital greater than 2.5 of risk-weighted assets above the required minimum levels of risk-based CET1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital in order to avoid limitations on paying dividends, repurchasing shares, and paying discretionary bonuses. At September 30, 2024, the Bank s CET1 capital exceeded the required capital conservation buffer. 
 For a bank holding company with less than 3.0 billion in assets, the capital guidelines apply on a bank only basis and the Federal Reserve Board expects the holding company s subsidiary banks to be well capitalized under the prompt corrective action regulations. If Richmond Mutual Bancorporation was subject to regulatory guidelines for bank holding companies with 3.0 billion or more in assets, at September 30, 2024, it would have exceeded all regulatory capital requirements. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 There has not been any material change in the market risk disclosures contained in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 An evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) as of September 30, 2024, was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer), Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) and several other members of senior management. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures in effect as of September 30, 2024, were effective. 
 We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control procedure, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control procedure are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control procedures, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls may be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by override of the control. The design of any control procedure also is 
 
 42 

based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control procedure, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 43 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are not involved in any pending legal proceedings as a plaintiff or defendant other than routine legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business, and at September 30, 2024, we were not involved in any legal proceedings the outcome of which would be material to our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes in the Risk Factors previously disclosed in Item 1A of the Company's 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 (a) Not applicable 
 (b) Not applicable 
 (c) On June 6, 2023, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company's existing stock repurchase program authorizing the purchase of up to 321,386 shares of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock in addition to the 827,554 shares remaining available for repurchase at that date under the existing program, and extending the stock repurchase program's expiration date to June 6, 2024, unless completed sooner. On May 16, 2024, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved an extension of the Company's existing stock repurchase program, now set to expire on June 6, 2025. The following table sets forth information with respect to our repurchases of our outstanding common shares during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 20,913 11.95 20,913 657,195 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 21,361 12.41 21,361 635,834 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 29,032 12.77 29,032 606,802 71,306 71,306 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 Nothing to report. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 (a) Nothing to report. 
 (b) Nothing to report. 
 (c) Trading Plans. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) of the Company or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 44 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit 
 3.1 
 Charter of Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Commission File No. 333-230184)) 
 3.2 
 Bylaws of Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Commission File No. 333-230184)) 
 4.0 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.0 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Commission File No. 333-230184)) 
 10.1+ 
 Form of Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Garry Kleer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Commission File No. 333-230184)) 
 10.2+ 
 Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (included as Appendix A to the Registrant s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on July 28, 2020 (File No. 001-38956) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.3+ 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission File No. 333-248862)). 
 10.4 + 
 Form of Non-qualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission File No. 333-248862)). 
 10.5 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission File No. 333-248862)). 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications (Chief Executive Officer) 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications (Chief Financial Officer) 
 32.0 
 Section 1350 Certifications 
 101.0 The following materials for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 45 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 RICHMOND MUTUAL BANCORPORATION, INC. Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Garry D. Kleer Garry D. Kleer Chairman, President and CEO (Duly Authorized Officer) Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Bradley M. Glover Bradley M. Glover Senior Vice President and CFO (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

46 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a20240930-10qexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 I, Garry D. Kleer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. (the Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2024 By s Garry D. Kleer Garry D. Kleer President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a20240930exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 RULE 13a-14(a)CERTIFICATION 
 I, Bradley M. Glover, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. (the Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2024 By s Bradley M. Glover Bradley M. Glover Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 a20240930-10qexhibit32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 each of the undersigned hereby certifies in his or her capacity as an officer of Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc. (the Company that the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such report fairly represents, in all material respects, the financial statements included in such report. 
 Date November 13, 2024 s Garry D. Kleer Garry D. Kleer President and Chief Executive Officer Date November 13, 2024 s Bradley M. Glover Bradley M. Glover Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 fil-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 fil-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 fil-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 fil-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 fil-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

