<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241212_10-Q_edgar_data_914712_0001628280-24-050862.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7070686</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>100136</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1472235</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2121456</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1750650</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1486256</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-050862.hdr.sgml : 20241212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241212062102
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-050862
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Steel Connect, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000914712
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				042921333
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35319
		FILM NUMBER:		241543176

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-663-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ModusLink Global Solutions Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080929

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CMGI INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990108

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CMG INFORMATION SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19981007

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-050862.txt : 20241212

10-Q
 1
 mlnk-20241031.htm
 10-Q

mlnk-20241031 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________ 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 _______________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _______________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 _______________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 
 As of December 1, 2024, there were shares issued and outstanding of the registrant's Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share. 

Table of Contents 

 STEEL CONNECT, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Number Part I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 Part II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 35 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 36 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 36 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 36 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 37 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 STEEL CONNECT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 October 31, 2024 July 31, 2024 (unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, trade, net of allowance for credit losses of and at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively 
 Inventories, net Funds held for clients Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Investments Other intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES, CONTINGENTLY REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Accounts payable Accrued expenses Funds held for clients Current lease obligations Convertible note payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term lease obligations Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities Series C contingently redeemable preferred stock, par value per share. shares authorized, issued and outstanding at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024 
 Series E contingently redeemable preferred stock, par value per share. shares authorized, issued and outstanding at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024 
 Total contingently redeemable preferred stock Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value per share. shares authorized at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024; shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024 
 Common stock, par value per share. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares at October 31, 2024; issued and outstanding shares at July 31, 2024 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities, contingently redeemable preferred stock and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 STEEL CONNECT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Net revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Amortization Total operating expenses Operating income Other (expense) income: Interest income Interest expense ) ) Other (losses) gains, net ) Total other (expense) income, net ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Less: Preferred dividends on Series C redeemable preferred stock ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Net income per common shares - basic Net income per common shares - diluted Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding - basic Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding - diluted 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 STEEL CONNECT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 STEEL CONNECT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 Number of Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at July 31, 2024 ) Net income Preferred dividends ) ) Restricted stock grants Share-based compensation Other comprehensive items Balance at October 31, 2024 ) Number of Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at July 31, 2023 ) Net income Preferred dividends ) ) Restricted stock grants Share-based compensation Other comprehensive items ) ) Balance at October 31, 2023 ) 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 STEEL CONNECT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash flows from operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of finite-lived intangible assets Share-based compensation Non-cash lease expense Bad debt recovery ) ) Other losses (gains), net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Inventories, net ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable, accrued restructuring and accrued expenses ) Refundable and accrued income taxes, net ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of investments ) ) Proceeds from disposition of securities Additions of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from the disposition of property and equipment Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Preferred dividend payments ) ) Repayment of remaining principal balance on SPHG Note ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Restricted cash for funds held for clients, end of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 STEEL CONNECT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 
 
 (1) 
 million shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock , and, such transfer and related transactions, the Exchange Transaction ). The Exchange Transaction closed on May 1, 2023, which is the date that the consideration was exchanged between Steel Holdings and the Company. 
 As of October 31, 2024, the Steel Partners Group beneficially owned approximately of our outstanding capital stock, including the if-converted shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series E Convertible Preferred Stock that vote on an as-converted basis together with our common stock. 
 
 (2) 
 
 The Company considers events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet date but before the issuance of financial statements to provide additional evidence relative to certain estimates or to identify matters that require additional disclosure. For the three months ended October 31, 2024, the Company evaluated subsequent events for potential recognition and disclosure through the date these financial statements were filed. 
 
 (3) 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 10 

Table of Contents 

 (4) 

Accumulated impairments Pushdown accounting adjustment (a) 
 ) Net goodwill Balance at October 31, 2024 Gross goodwill Accumulated impairments Net goodwill 
 (a) In the fourth quarter of Fiscal Year 2024, the Company determined that the fair value of a liability that existed as of the date of the Exchange Transaction was . As such, the Company recorded the million reduction of the liability as an offset to the amount of goodwill recognized in pushdown accounting. 
 
 Trade name Total 
 
 The trade name intangible asset has an indefinite useful life. Customer relationships are amortized on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of . Amortization expense related to intangible assets was million for both the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 (5) 
 
 Work-in-process Finished goods 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 (6) 
 Investments in equity securities (b) 
 Total 
 (a) The balance consists of the Company's investment in a convertible loan note, which matures on March 31, 2025. The Company paid million GBP (approximately million) to subscribe for an amount of million (the "loan principal") of 2025 unsecured convertible loan notes issued by the investee (the "CLN Instrument Agreement"). Contemporaneous with the execution of the CLN Instrument Agreement, the Company executed the Equity Warrant Instrument Agreement Warrant Agreement ), which provides the Company with the option to convert the outstanding balance into equity shares of the investee at any time before repayment of the outstanding loan principal balance. The Company elected the fair value option to account for this investment. In April 2024, the Company became aware that the investee had halted its operations while it undergoes a restructuring process. As a result, the Company determined that the fair value of the investment was . The Company recorded a loss of million to Other (losses) gains, net on the condensed consolidated statements of operations during the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, which was the fair value of the investment as of January 31, 2024. As of October 31, 2024, there was no new information available that would indicate that the fair value of the convertible loan note investment had changed. 
 (b) The balance consists of multiple common stock investments in public companies which are measured at fair value.) ) 
 Unrealized losses are recorded in Other (losses) gains, net on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 (7) 
 Accrued audit, tax and legal Accrued price concessions Accrued taxes Accrued occupancy costs Accrued other Total accrued expenses 
 Other Total other current liabilities 
 
 (8) 
 Short-term lease expense Sublease income ) ) Total lease expense 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

(9) 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Convertible Senior Note due September 1, 2024 
 Credit Facilities Umpqua Revolver Total debt, net 
 Convertible Senior Note 
 
 On February 28, 2019, the Company entered into a Convertible Senior Note Due 2024 Purchase Agreement (the "SPHG Note Purchase Agreement") with SPH Group Holdings LLC ("SPHG Holdings"), whereby SPHG Holdings agreed to loan the Company million in exchange for a Convertible Senior Note due 2024 (the "SPHG Note"). The SPHG Note was amended on March 9, 2023 (the "Amendment Date"), to extend the maturity date to September 1, 2024. In addition, the Company repaid million in principal amount of the SPHG Note during fiscal year 2023. 
 
 The SPHG Note matured on September 1, 2024 and the Company paid off the outstanding principal balance of million plus accrued interest of million for the SPHG Note upon its maturity. As such, the balance of the SPHG Note was zero as of October 31, 2024. As of July 31, 2024, the principal amount of the note was million, and the fair value of the note was million. As of May 1, 2023, or the date of the Exchange Transaction, the Company accounted for the SPHG Note under the fair value option in order to conform with Steel Holdings' basis of accounting, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings until the note matured. Refer to Note 17 - "Fair Value Measurements" for further information. 
 
 Total interest expense 
 
 Umpqua Revolver 
 ModusLink, as borrower, is party to a revolving credit agreement with Umpqua Bank as lender and as agent, which provides for a maximum credit commitment of million and a sublimit of million for letters of credit (collectively, the "Umpqua Revolver"). On May 1, 2024, ModusLink, entered into a Second Amendment to the Umpqua Revolver (the Second Amendment ). Among other things, the Second Amendment (i) extended the maturity date with respect to revolving loans from March 31, 2025 to March 31, 2026, (ii) removed certain adjustments in the definition of Adjusted EBITDA as set forth in the Umpqua Revolver, (iii) increased the minimum Adjusted Tangible Net Worth (as defined in the credit agreement) and (iv) removed certain caps and conditions on ModusLink s ability to pay dividends. 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, ModusLink was in compliance with the Umpqua Revolver's covenants, and believes it will remain in compliance with the Umpqua Revolver s covenants for the next twelve months from the filing of this Form 10-Q. As of October 31, 2024, ModusLink had available borrowing capacity of million and there was million outstanding letters of credit. 
 
 (10) 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock by SPHG Holdings and equity grants made to Messrs. Lichtenstein, Howard and Fejes on December 15, 2017 (collectively, the "Challenged Transactions"). The Company is named as a nominal defendant. The complaint alleges that although the Challenged Transactions were approved by a Special Committee consisting of the independent members of the Board of Directors (Messrs. Fenton, Lengyel and Wald), the Steel Parties dominated and controlled the Special Committee, who approved the Challenged Transactions in breach of their fiduciary duty. Plaintiff alleges that the Challenged Transactions unfairly diluted stockholders and therefore unjustly enriched Steel Holdings, SPHG Holdings and Messrs. Lichtenstein, Howard and Fejes. The complaint also alleges that the Board of Directors made misleading disclosures in the Company's proxy statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders in connection with seeking approval to amend the 2010 Incentive Award Plan to authorize the issuance of additional shares to accommodate certain shares underlying the equity grants. Remedies requested include rescission of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and equity grants, disgorgement of any unjustly obtained property or compensation and monetary damages. 
 
 On August 13, 2021, the Company, together with certain of its current and former directors of the Board, Warren Lichtenstein, Glen Kassan, William Fejes, Jr., Jack Howard, Jeffrey Fenton and Jeffrey Wald, as well as other named defendants (collectively, the Defendants ), entered into a memorandum of understanding (the MOU with Donald Reith (the Plaintiff in connection with the settlement of the Reith. 
 
 Additionally, under the MOU and separate letter agreements between the Company and such individuals (the Surrender Agreements ), Messrs. Lichtenstein, Howard and Fejes agreed to surrender to the Company an aggregate shares that they had initially received in December 2017 in consideration for services to the Company. The surrenders and cancellations are in the following amounts: for Mr. Lichtenstein, vested shares and unvested shares; for Mr. Howard, vested shares and unvested shares; and for Mr. Fejes, vested shares. All such shares were surrendered and subsequently cancelled. On September 23, 2022, the court ruled that it was denying approval of the terms of the MOU. 
 
 On April 8, 2024, the Company, the Defendants and Mr. Reith entered into a new memorandum of understanding contemplating the settlement of the Reith litigation. 
 
 On October 18, 2024, the Company, Plaintiff, and Defendants entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Compromise, Settlement and Release (the Stipulation to resolve the Reith litigation (the Settlement ). 
 
 A court hearing is scheduled to consider the approval of the Settlement on December 13, 2024. 
 
 If the Settlement is approved by the Court, (i) the Defendants shall cause their insurers to make a cash payment of million to the Company and, after deducting any Court-approved award of attorneys fees to Plaintiff's counsel and certain litigation expenses, the Company shall distribute the balance of the cash payment, by way of a special divided or other distribution, to the holders of the Company s common stock pursuant to the allocation provisions set forth in the previously disclosed Stockholders Agreement dated April 30, 2023 by and among the Company, Steel Partners Holdings L.P., and other stockholders signatory thereto (the Stockholders Agreement as amended by the Settlement; (ii) the Company will adopt certain amendments to the Stockholders Agreement; and (iii) the Company will adopt certain corporate governance policies and practices, including a formal review process for compensation clawbacks, enhancing the process for granting equity awards and keeping records of equity awards granted under the Company s stock plans, further enhancing board committee independence, and reducing the materiality threshold for review of related party transactions under the Stockholders' Agreement. 
 
 The Settlement requires Court approval, and there can be no assurances that such approval will be granted. The Settlement, if approved by the Court, will cause the dismissal, with prejudice, of the Reith litigation and the release of claims against the parties to the Settlement as described in the Stipulation. 
 
 On December 12, 2023, the Company received books and records demand, similar to the demand from Reith, from another purported shareholder. The possible liability, if any, with respect to this matter cannot be determined. 
 
 (11) 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Other Timing of Revenue Recognition Services transferred over time 
 Supply Chain Management Services 
 ModusLink's revenue primarily comes from the sale of supply chain management services to its clients. Amounts billed to customers under these arrangements include revenue attributable to the services performed as well as for materials procured on the customer's behalf as part of its service to them. The majority of these arrangements consist of two distinct performance obligations (i.e., warehousing/inventory management service and a separate kitting/packaging/assembly service), revenue related to each of which is recognized over time as services are performed using an input method based on the level of efforts expended. 
 For certain customer contracts, the Company recognizes the sale of certain inventoriable goods at a point in time when control of those goods is transferred to clients. However, for sales recognized at a point in time, the timing of recognition is not significantly different than over time. 
 Other 
 Other revenue consists of cloud-based software subscriptions, software maintenance and support service contracts, and fees for professional services. Revenue related to these arrangements is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement or over the term of the agreement in proportion to the costs incurred in satisfying the obligations under the contract. 
 Contract Balances 
 Timing of revenue recognition may differ from timing of invoicing to customers. The Company records contract assets and liabilities related to its contracts with customers as follows: 
 Accounts receivable when revenue is recognized prior to receipt of cash payments and if the right to such amounts is unconditional and solely based on the passage of time. 
 Contract asset when the Company recognizes revenue based on efforts expended but the right to such amount is conditional upon satisfaction of another performance obligation. Contract assets are primarily comprised of fees related to supply chain management services. The Company's contract assets are all short-term in nature and are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Deferred revenue when cash payments are received or due in advance of performance. Deferred revenue is primarily comprised of fees related to supply chain management services, cloud-based software subscriptions and software maintenance and support service contracts, which are generally billed in advance. Deferred revenue also includes other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we transfer control of the product or service. The deferred revenue balance is classified as a component of other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Contract assets Deferred revenue - current Deferred revenue - long-term Total deferred revenue 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 Remaining performance obligations are comprised of deferred revenue. Changes in deferred revenue during the three months ended October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023, were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Balance at beginning of period Deferral of revenue Recognition of deferred amounts upon satisfaction of performance obligation ) ) Balance at end of period 
 The Company expects to recognize approximately million of the deferred revenue over the next and the remaining balance beyond that time period. 
 The Company does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) contracts for which we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed. 
 
 (12) 
 
 million and million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Provisions have been made for federal, state, local, and foreign income taxes on the results of operations generated by our consolidated subsidiaries that are taxable entities. Significant differences between the statutory rate and the effective tax rate include changes in deferred tax valuation allowances, the impact of international tax provisions and withholding taxes, and other permanent differences. The Company s consolidated subsidiaries have recorded deferred tax valuation allowances to the extent that they believe it is more likely than not that the benefits of certain deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. 
 The Company operates in multiple taxing jurisdictions, both within and outside of the United States. For the three months ended October 31, 2024, the Company was profitable in certain jurisdictions, resulting in an income tax expense using enacted rates in those jurisdictions. As of both October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, the total amount of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits related to federal, state and foreign taxes was approximately million. 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
 In accordance with the Company's accounting policy, interest related to unrecognized tax benefits is included in the income tax expense line of the condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of both October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, the total amount of the liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest, related to federal, state and foreign taxes was approximately million. The Company expects million of unrecognized tax benefits and related interest to reverse in the next twelve months. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax and various state, local and international income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. The federal and state tax returns are generally subject to tax examinations for the tax years ended July 31, 2021 
 18 

Table of Contents 

(13) 
 Less: Preferred dividends on Series C redeemable preferred stock ) ) Net income available to common stockholders Less: Undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Effect of dilutive securities: Undistributed earnings allocated to Series E preferred stock Net income attributable to common stockholders - assuming dilution Net income per common share - basic Net income per common share - diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities: Common stock equivalents - Restricted stock and restricted stock shares Common stock equivalents - Series E Preferred stock Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 
 The Company calculated basic and diluted net income per common share using the two-class method, as the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock meets the definition of a participating security. The two-class method is an allocation formula that determines net income per common share for each share of common stock and Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, a participating security, according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed earnings. Under this method, all earnings (distributed and undistributed) are allocated to common shares and Series E Convertible Preferred Stock based on their respective rights to receive dividends. The holders of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to participate equally and ratably with the holders of shares of Common Stock in all dividends or other distributions on the shares of Common Stock as if, immediately prior to each record date for payment of dividends or other distributions on the Common Stock, shares of Series E Preferred Stock then outstanding were converted into shares of Common Stock. Basic net income per common share is computed by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders for the period by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Net income attributable to common stockholders for the period includes dividends paid to common stockholders, if any, during the period plus a proportionate share of undistributed net income allocable to common stockholders for the period; the proportionate share of undistributed net income allocable to common stockholders for the period is based on the proportionate share of total weighted-average common shares and participating securities outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per common share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period, plus potential common shares considered outstanding during the period, as long as the inclusion of such awards is not antidilutive. Potential common shares consist of restricted common stock (calculated based on the treasury stock method) and shares issuable upon debt or preferred stock conversion (calculated using an as-if converted method), using the more dilutive of either the two-class method or as-converted stock method. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 million of Series C preferred dividends were excluded from the numerator in the calculation of diluted net income per share as their inclusion would have been antidilutive. For the three months ended October 31, 2023, million of interest expense, net of tax impact related to the SPHG Note, and million of Series C preferred dividends were excluded from the numerator in the calculation of diluted net income per share as their inclusion would have been antidilutive. 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024, million common stock equivalent shares related to the Series C Preferred stock were excluded from the denominator in the calculation of diluted net income per share as their inclusion would have been antidilutive. For the three months ended October 31, 2023, million common stock equivalent shares (including those related to the SPHG Note and the Series C Preferred stock) were excluded from the denominator in the calculation of diluted net income per share as their inclusion would have been antidilutive. 
 
 (14) 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Net current-period other comprehensive income Accumulated other comprehensive loss as of October 31, 2024 ) ) ) Foreign Currency Items Pension Items Total (In thousands) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income as of July 31, 2023 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income as of October 31, 2023 ) ) 
 
 (15) 
 
 reportable segment: Supply Chain. The Company also has Corporate-level activity, which consists primarily of activity related to business development to manage investments and cash, as well as costs associated with certain corporate administrative functions such as legal, finance and share-based compensation, which are not allocated to the Company's reportable segment. The Corporate-level balance sheet information includes cash and cash equivalents, investments, debt and other assets and liabilities which are not identifiable to the operations of the Company's operating segment. 
 
 Management evaluates segment performance based on segment net revenue, operating income (loss) and "adjusted operating income (loss)," which is defined as the operating income (loss) excluding net charges related to depreciation, amortization of long-lived asset impairment, share-based compensation and restructuring. These items are excluded because they may be considered to be of a non-operational or non-cash nature. Historically, the Company has recorded significant impairment and restructuring charges, and therefore management uses adjusted operating income (loss) to assist in evaluating the performance of the Company's core operations. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 Total segment net revenue Operating income: Supply Chain Corporate-level activity ) ) Total operating income Total other (expense) income, net ) Income before income taxes 
 Corporate Total assets 
 Depreciation expense 
 United States Netherlands Singapore Czech Republic Malaysia Other Total consolidated net revenue 
 
 (16) 
 of our outstanding capital stock, including the if-converted shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series E Convertible Preferred Stock that vote on an as-converted basis together with our common stock. Warren G. Lichtenstein, our Interim Chief Executive Officer and 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 million in exchange for the SPHG Note. 
 On March 9, 2023 (the "Amendment Date"), the Company and SPHG Holdings entered into an amendment to the SPHG Note. Pursuant to the SPHG Note Amendment, the maturity date of the SPHG Note was extended six months from March 1, 2024 to September 1, 2024. The Company repaid million in principal amount of the SPHG Note on the Amendment Date, and repaid an additional million principal amount of the note on June 9, 2023. In connection with the SPHG Note Amendment, the Company also paid SPHG Holdings a cash amendment fee of million, and derecognized million of the debt discount in proportion to the reduction of the principal balance on the Amendment Date in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. No other changes were made to the terms of the SPHG Note besides the items discussed. 
 During the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized interest expense of million and million, respectively, associated with the SPHG Note. 
 The SPHG Note matured on September 1, 2024 and the Company paid off the outstanding principal balance of million plus accrued interest of million for the SPHG Note upon its maturity. Refer to Note 9 - "Debt" for further details. 
 Series C Preferred Stock Transaction 
 On December 15, 2017, the Company entered into a Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with SPHG Holdings, pursuant to which the Company issued shares of the Company's newly created Series C Convertible Preferred Stock to SPHG Holdings at a price of per share, for an aggregate purchase consideration of million. The terms, rights, obligations and preferences of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock are set forth in the Series C Certificate of Designations, which has been filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. During each of the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid dividends of million associated with the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 On or after December 15, 2022, each holder of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock can also require the Company to redeem its Series C Convertible Preferred Stock in cash at a price equal to the Liquidation Preference (as defined in Series C Certificate of Designations). 
 Series E Preferred Stock Transaction 
 On May 1, 2023, the Company and Steel Holdings executed a series of agreements in which the Steel Partners Group agreed to transfer certain marketable securities held by the Steel Partners Group to Steel Connect in exchange for million shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of Steel Connect (the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock , and, such transfer the Transfer and Exchange Agreement ). On June 6, 2023, the Steel Connect stockholders approved the rights of the Series E Preferred Stock to vote and receive dividends together with the Common Stock on an as-converted basis and the issuance of the Company's common stock ("Common Stock") upon conversion of the Series E Preferred Stock by the holders at their option, pursuant to the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. The Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into an aggregate of million shares of Common Stock, and votes together with the holders of Common Stock and participates in any dividends paid on the Common Stock, in each case on an as-converted basis. 
 The terms, rights, obligations and preferences of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock are set forth in a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series E Certificate of Designations ). 
 Stockholders' Agreement 
 
 Concurrently with the execution of the Transfer and Exchange Agreement, the Company, Steel Holdings, Steel Excel, WebFinancial, WHX CS, LLC, WF Asset Corp., Steel Partners Ltd., Warren G. Lichtenstein and Jack L. Howard (together, the "SP Investors") entered into a Stockholders' Agreement dated as of April 30, 2023 (the "Stockholders' Agreement"). Pursuant to the Stockholders' Agreement, the parties agreed to implement various corporate governance requirements, including requirements 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 of the voting power and value of the equity interests in Steel Connect that are held by the members of the SP Group being held by corporate entity. 
 
 Currently, the Stockholders' Agreement also provides that of the net proceeds received by the Company upon resolution of the Reith litigation will be distributed to the Company s stockholders with the SP Investors and the directors and officers of the Company agreeing to waive their portion of any such distribution to the extent of any shares of common stock held as of the date of the Stockholders Agreement or issuable upon conversion of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock held by the SP Investors and the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Steel Connect, and the SPHG Note. Any amendment to the Stockholders Agreement by the Company prior to the date that any person or group of related persons owns of the equity securities of the Company requires the prior approval of the Independent Audit Committee or the Disinterested Audit Committee, as applicable. As described in Note 10 - "Commitments and Contingencies", if the Settlement is approved, the Company will make certain changes to the Stockholders Agreement as described above, including that of the net proceeds received by the Company upon resolution of the Reith litigation will be distributed to the Company's stockholders. 
 Steel Connect Management Services Agreement 
 On June 14, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement (the "STCN Management Services Agreement") with Steel Services Ltd. ("Steel Services"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Steel Holdings. The STCN Management Services Agreement was effective as of June 1, 2019. Pursuant to the STCN Management Services Agreement, Steel Services provides the Company and its subsidiaries with the non-exclusive services of certain employees, including certain executive officers (including chief financial officer and general counsel services) and other corporate services. The STCN Management Services Agreement also provides for reimbursements to Steel Services and its representatives for all reasonable expenses incurred in providing the non-exclusive services and automatically renews for successive one year periods unless and until terminated by the Company or Steel Services. On February 25, 2022, in connection with the Company's disposal of its ownership in IWCO Direct Holdings, Inc., the management fee was reduced from thousand per month to thousand per month. 
 On October 25, 2023, the Company and Steel Services entered into Amendment No. 2 to the STCN Management Services Agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed to increase the monthly fee to thousand effective as of January 1, 2024, primarily to increase the business development and mergers and acquisition staffing needed to originate, analyze and pursue strategic acquisitions and investments. 
 Prior to the effective date of Amendment No. 2 to the STCN Management Services Agreement, expenses incurred by ModusLink were paid to Steel Services under the STCN Management Services Agreement. 
 
 ModusLink Management Services Agreement 
 
 On October 25, 2023, ModusLink entered into a management services agreement (the ModusLink Management Services Agreement with Steel Services, effective as of January 1, 2024. Pursuant to the ModusLink Management Services Agreement, Steel Services will provide ModusLink with certain non-exclusive services of certain employees and executive officers to serve in various positions or functions and to perform duties normally associated with those specific to, or substantially equivalent, positions or functions for ModusLink based on its particular needs. Such services include, but are not limited to, services related to legal and environmental, health and safety, finance, tax and treasury, human resources, lean, internal audit, mergers and acquisitions, and information technology. Previously, the terms regarding such non-exclusive services were governed by the STCN Management Services Agreement. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 thousand in consideration of the non-exclusive services and will reimburse Steel Services and its representatives for all reasonable expenses incurred in providing the services. The ModusLink Management Services Agreement will automatically renew for successive periods unless and until terminated by ModusLink or Steel Services. 

As of October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, amounts due to Steel Services were thousand and million, respectively and are recorded within the consolidated balance sheets as a component of Accounts payable. 
 
 ModusLink Employee Stock Awards 
 
 On May 14, 2024, the Company agreed to reimburse Steel Holdings for the issuance by Steel Holdings of restricted limited partnership units to certain ModusLink employees. 
 
 Total expenses incurred related to the ModusLink Stock Awards were thousand for the three months ended October 31, 2024. The ModusLink Employee Stock Awards agreement was effective beginning May 14, 2024, and as such, there was no related expenses for the three months ended October 31, 2023. As of October 31, 2024, there were amounts due to Steel Services. As of July 31, 2024, amounts due to Steel Services were million, respectively, and were recorded within the consolidated balance sheets as a component of Accounts payable. 
 
 Air Travel 
 
 The Company reimburses SP General Services, LLC (an affiliate of Steel Holdings), rather than Steel Services, for expenses for business-related air travel, which relates to services provided to the Company by Warren G. Lichtenstein as Interim Chief Executive Officer as well as certain of the Company s executive officers whose services are provided to the Company under the STCN Management Services Agreement or the ModusLink Management Services Agreement. For the three months ended October 31, 2024, SP General Services, LLC incurred million in expenses for business-related air travel. There were no reportable expenses incurred by SP General Services, LLC for business-related air travel for the three months ended October 31, 2023. As of October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, amounts due to SP General Services, LLC were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Going Private Transaction 
 
 On November 27, 2024, the Audit Committee of the Board approved a short-form merger (the Short-Form Merger with Steel Holdings in accordance with the terms of the Stockholders Agreement. No approval is required by the Board or the Company's minority stockholders. Steel Holdings has no obligation to consummate the Short-Form Merger. If Steel Holdings determined to proceed with the Short-Form Merger, Steel Holdings, which, together with its affiliates, owns greater than of the outstanding common stock of Steel Connect, intends to acquire the remaining shares of Common Stock that it does not currently own for per share in cash. In addition, if, prior to the effective time of the Short-Form Merger, Steel Connect has not distributed to stockholders proceeds, if any, from the Settlement of the Reith litigation, holders of Common Stock (other than shares held by officers and directors of Steel Connect and certain shares held by Steel Holdings and its affiliates) will receive a contingent value right to receive their pro rata share of the net settlement proceeds, if any, as described in a contingent value right agreement. 
 
 If the Short-Form Merger is consummated, the Common Stock will cease to be quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market and will be eligible for deregistration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

(17) 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Convertible loan note investment Investments in equity securities 
 
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using July 31, 2024 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (In thousands) Assets: Money market funds Convertible loan note investment Investments in equity securities Liabilities: SPHG Note 
 There were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3 during any of the periods presented. 
 ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement , provides that fair value is an exit price, representing the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants based on the highest and best use of the asset or liability. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. ASC 820 requires the Company to use valuation techniques to measure fair value that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are prioritized as follows: 
 Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets 
 Level 2: Other inputs that are observable directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities or market-corroborated inputs 
 Level 3: Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data and which require the Company to develop its own assumptions about how market participants would price the assets or liabilities 
 When available, quoted prices are used to determine fair value. When quoted prices in active markets are available, investments are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. When quoted prices in active markets are not available, fair values are determined using pricing models, and the inputs to those pricing models are based on observable market inputs. The inputs to the pricing models are typically benchmark yields, reported trades, broker-dealer quotes, issuer spreads and benchmark securities, among others. 
 Assets and Liabilities that are Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 The Company's assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include long-lived assets and goodwill and other intangible assets. The Company reviews the carrying amounts of these assets whenever certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of the asset group or reporting unit is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. The Company estimates the fair values of assets subject to impairment based on the Company's own judgments about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets and on observable market data, when available. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Purchases Change in fair value (a) 
 Paydown of SPHG Note at maturity ) Balance as of October 31, 2024 Balance as of July 31, 2023 Purchases Change in fair value (a) 
 ) Balance as of October 31, 2023 
 (a) Unrealized gains and losses as a result of changes in fair value are recorded in Other (losses) gains, net within the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Valuation Techniques 
 Included in cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets are money market funds. These are valued at quoted market prices in active markets. 
 The Company uses quoted market prices to determine the fair value of investments in equity securities with readily determinable fair value. 
 In conjunction with the application of pushdown accounting, the Company began measuring the fair value of the SPHG Note on a recurring basis. Refer to Note 9 - "Debt" for further details. Prior to maturity, the Company estimated the fair value of the SPHG Note using a Binomial Lattice Model. The Company recognized million in unrealized gains in Other gains, net within the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended October 31, 2023 as a result of the fair value measurement performed. As discussed previously, the SPHG Note matured on September 1, 2024, and the Company paid off the outstanding principal and accrued interest for the SPHG Note upon its maturity. As such, the balance of the SPHG Note as of October 31, 2024 is zero, and there were unrealized gains or losses recorded to the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended October 31, 2024. 
 As discussed in Note 6 - "Investments", the Company elected the fair value option to account for their convertible loan note investment. In April 2024, the Company determined that the fair value of the investment is . As such, the Company recorded a loss of million to the condensed consolidated statement of operations during the third quarter of fiscal year 2024. As of October 31, 2024, there was no new information available that would indicate that the fair value of the convertible loan note investment had changed. The Company believed the cost basis of the investment purchased in October 2023 approximated its fair value as of October 31, 2023. As such, there were unrealized gains or losses recorded to the consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended October 31, 2023. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 (18) 
 Income taxes 
 
 (19) 
 
 of the outstanding common stock of Steel Connect, intends to acquire the remaining shares of Common Stock that it does not currently own for per share in cash. In addition, if, prior to the effective time of the Short-Form Merger, Steel Connect has not distributed to stockholders proceeds, if any, from the Settlement of the Reith litigation, holders of Common Stock (other than shares held by officers and directors of Steel Connect and certain shares held by Steel Holdings and its affiliates) will receive a contingent value right to receive their pro rata share of the net settlement proceeds, if any, as described in a contingent value right agreement. 
 
 If the Short-Form Merger is consummated, the Common Stock will cease to be quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market and will be eligible for deregistration under the Exchange Act. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The matters discussed in this report contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, that involve risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical information provided herein may be deemed to be forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding the Company s intent, belief or current expectations with respect to (i) competition and trends in the markets in which the Company operates, (ii) the Company s liquidity and financial condition, including revenues, (iii) the impact of legal claims and related contingencies, (iv) expectations and estimates regarding certain tax and accounting matters, including the impact on our financial statements, and (v) the Short-Form Merger and the Reith CVRs. Without limiting the foregoing, the words "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those risks discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the risks discussed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on November 6, 2024, and other subsequent reports filed with or furnished to the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management's analysis, judgment, belief or expectation only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof, except as required by law. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Overview 
 Steel Connect, Inc. (the "Company" or "Steel Connect") is a holding company which operates through its wholly-owned subsidiary, ModusLink Corporation ("ModusLink" or "Supply Chain"), which serves the supply chain management market. 
 
 ModusLink provides digital and physical supply chain solutions to many of the world's leading brands across a diverse range of industries, including consumer electronics, telecommunications, computing and storage, software and content, consumer packaged goods, health and personal care products, retail and luxury and connected devices. These solutions are delivered through a combination of industry expertise, innovative service solutions, and integrated operations, proven business processes, an expansive global footprint and world-class technology. With a global footprint spanning North America, Europe and the Asia Pacific region, the Company's solutions and services are designed to improve end-to-end supply chains in order to drive growth, lower costs, and improve profitability. 
 
 Steel Partners and Steel Connect Exchange Transaction 
 
 On April 30, 2023, Steel Partners Holdings L.P., Steel Holdings and the Company executed a series of agreements in which Steel Holdings and certain of its affiliates (the Steel Partners Group agreed to transfer certain marketable securities held by the Steel Partners Group to the Company in exchange for 3.5 million shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock , and, such transfer and related transactions, the Exchange Transaction ). The Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into an aggregate of 19.8 million shares of the Company's common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the common stock or Common Stock ), and votes together with the Company's common stock and participate in any dividends paid on the Company's common stock, in each case on an as-converted basis. Steel Holdings, together with its affiliates, owns greater than 90 of the outstanding common stock of Steel Connect. The Exchange Transaction closed on May 1, 2023, which is the date that the consideration was exchanged between Steel Holdings and the Company. Refer to Note 1 - "Nature of Operations" to the consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. 
 
 Going Private Transaction 
 
 On November 27, 2024, the Audit Committee of the Board approved a short-form merger (the Short-Form Merger with Steel Holdings in accordance with the terms of the Stockholders Agreement. No approval is required by the Board or the Company s minority stockholders. Steel Holdings has no obligation to consummate the Short-Form Merger. If Steel Holdings determined to proceed with the Short-Form Merger, Steel Holdings, which, together with its affiliates, owns greater than 90 of the outstanding common stock of Steel Connect, intends to acquire the remaining shares of Common Stock that it does not currently own for 11.45 in cash. In addition, if, prior to the effective time of the Short-Form Merger, Steel Connect has not distributed to stockholders proceeds, if any, from the Settlement of the Reith litigation, holders of Common Stock (other than shares held by officers and directors of Steel Connect and certain shares held by Steel Holdings and its affiliates) will receive a contingent value right to receive their pro rata share of the net settlement proceeds, if any, as described in a contingent value right agreement. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

If the Short-Form Merger is consummated, the Common Stock will cease to be quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market and will be eligible for deregistration under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Pushdown Accounting 
 
 On May 1, 2023, the Exchange Transaction resulted in Steel Holdings obtaining control of the Company for financial statement consolidation purposes. Steel Holdings does not consolidate the Company for Federal income tax purposes because the ownership in the Company is dispersed between different federal tax consolidation groups within Steel Holdings. As of May 1, 2023, the Company elected pushdown accounting in which it used Steel Holdings' basis of accounting, which reflected the fair market value of the Company s assets and liabilities at the date of the Exchange Transaction. As a result, the Company has reflected the required pushdown accounting adjustments in its consolidated financial statements. 
 Customers 
 Historically, a limited number of key clients have accounted for a significant percentage of the Company's revenue. For the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company's ten largest clients accounted for approximately 85.5 and 78.6 of consolidated net revenue, respectively. Two clients accounted for 43.1 and 14.3 of the Company's consolidated net revenue for three months ended October 31, 2024. Two clients accounted for 32.4 and 18.5 of the Company's consolidated net revenue for three months ended October 31, 2023. No other clients accounted for more than 10.0 of the Company's consolidated net revenue for the three months ended October 31, 2024 or 2023. 
 Two clients accounted for greater than 10.0 of the Company's consolidated net accounts receivables as of October 31, 2024. The first and second client accounted for approximately 43.7 and 14.0 , respectively, of the Company's consolidated net accounts receivable balance as of October 31, 2024. Two clients accounted for greater than 10 of the Company's consolidated net accounts receivables as of July 31, 2024. The first and second client accounted for approximately 41 and 15 , respectively, of the Company's consolidated net accounts receivable balance as of July 31, 2024. No other customers accounted for greater than 10 of consolidated net accounts receivable in these periods. 
 In general, the Company does not have any agreements which obligate any client to buy a minimum amount of services from it or designate it as an exclusive service provider. Consequently, the Company's net revenue is subject to demand variability by our clients. The level and timing of orders placed by the Company's clients vary for a variety of reasons, including seasonal buying by end-users, the introduction of new technologies and general economic conditions. By diversifying into new markets and improving the operational support structure for its clients, the Company expects to offset the adverse financial impact such factors may bring about. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The Company has one operating segment which is the same as its reportable segment: Supply Chain. The Company also has Corporate-level activity, which consists primarily of activity related to business development to manage investments and cash, as well as costs associated with certain corporate administrative functions such as legal, finance and share-based compensation, which are not allocated to the Company's reportable segment. The Corporate-level balance sheet information includes cash and cash equivalents, investments, debt and other assets and liabilities which are not identifiable to the operations of the Company's operating segment. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following summarizes the consolidated results of operations for the three months ended October 31, 2024 as compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates had an insignificant impact on the results for the three months ended October 31, 2024 as compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended October 31, (unaudited in thousands) 2024 2023 Change 1 
 Change 1 
 Net revenue 50,487 41,341 9,146 22.1 Cost of revenue (33,251) (29,866) (3,385) (11.3) Gross profit 17,236 11,475 5,761 50.2 Gross profit percentage 34.1 27.8 630 bpts Selling, general and administrative (9,842) (8,795) (1,047) (11.9) Amortization (893) (875) (18) (2.1) Interest expense, net (111) (247) 136 55.1 Other (losses) gains, net (including interest income) (3,208) 3,549 (6,757) (190.4) Income before income taxes 3,182 5,107 (1,925) (37.7) Income tax expense (817) (671) (146) (21.8) Net income 2,365 4,436 (2,071) (46.7) 
 1 Favorable (unfavorable) change 
 Three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023 
 
 Net Revenue: 
 During the three months ended October 31, 2024, net revenue increased by approximately 9.1 million. The increase in net revenue was primarily driven by favorable sales mix and higher volumes associated with clients in the computing and consumer electronics markets. 
 
 Cost of Revenue: 
 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses related to the cost of materials purchased in connection with the provision of supply chain management services as well as costs for salaries and benefits, contract labor, consulting, fulfillment and shipping, and applicable facilities costs. Cost of revenue increased 3.4 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to an increase of materials procured on behalf of the Company's clients of 2.3 million, as well as an increase in labor costs as a result of higher revenue. 
 
 Gross Profit: 
 
 Gross profit increased by approximately 5.8 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 as compared to the same period in the prior year, and the gross profit percentage for the three months ended October 31, 2024 increased 630 basis points to 34.1 from 27.8 for the three months ended October 31, 2023, primarily due to higher revenue as a result of favorable sales mix associated with clients in the computing and consumer electronics markets. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses: 
 
 Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses consist primarily of compensation and employee-related costs, sales commissions and incentive plans, information technology expenses, travel expenses, facilities costs, consulting fees, fees for professional services, depreciation expense, marketing expenses, share-based compensation expense, transaction costs, restructuring and public reporting costs. SG A expenses during the three months ended October 31, 2024 increased by approximately 1.0 million as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to an increase in Corporate-level activity. Corporate-level activity increased by 1.2 million, primarily due to an increase in legal and other professional fees, as well as an increase in management fees incurred under Amendment No. 2 to the STCN Management Services Agreement, which was effective January 1, 2024. 
 Amortization Expense: 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 The Company's customer relationships finite-lived intangible asset is amortized on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of seven years. Amortization expense remained relatively flat for the three months ended October 31, 2024 as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 Interest Expense: 
 Total interest expense during the three months ended October 31, 2024 decreased 0.1 million as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to the maturity of the SPHG Note on September 1, 2024. The Company paid off the remaining principal balance plus accrued interest on the SPHG Note on September 3, 2024. 
 Other (Losses) Gains, Net (including Interest Income): 
 Other (losses) gains, net are primarily composed of investment gains (losses), foreign exchange gains (losses), interest income, and sublease income. 
 The Company recorded 3.2 million in net losses for the three months ended October 31, 2024, primarily due to 5.5 million net unrealized losses on investments in equity securities, partially offset by 2.8 million in interest income. 
 The Company recorded 3.5 million in net gains for the three months ended October 31, 2023, primarily due to: (1) 3.2 million interest income (2) 0.4 million foreign exchange net gains, and (3) 0.2 million sublease income, offset partially by 0.4 million net unrealized losses on investments in equity securities. 
 Income Tax Expense: 
 
 During the three months ended October 31, 2024, the Company recorded income tax expense of approximately 0.8 million as compared to 0.7 million for the same period in the prior fiscal year. The increase in income tax expense is primarily due to higher taxable income in foreign jurisdictions, as compared to the prior year period. 
 Net Income: 
 
 Net income for the three months ended October 31, 2024 decreased 2.1 million, as compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease in net income is primarily due to the 6.8 million unfavorable change in Other (losses) gains, net (including interest income) for the three months ended October 31, 2024 as compared to the same period in the prior year. Refer to above explanations for further details. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Anticipated Sources and Uses of Cash Flow 
 Historically, the Company has financed its operations and met its capital requirements primarily through funds generated from operations, the sale of its securities, borrowings from lending institutions and sale of facilities that were not fully utilized. 
 As a result of the Exchange Transaction, the Company recorded 202.7 million to investments, which represents the fair value of the Aerojet common stock transferred to Steel Connect. As of July 31, 2023, the Company had disposed of all its interest in Aerojet common stock. The majority of Aerojet common stock was disposed of when L3 Harris closed its merger with Aerojet. As of July 31, 2023, the Company received 53.3 million in cash out of the total net proceeds of 207.8 million. During the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2024, the Company received the remaining 154.5 million proceeds in cash. 
 The Company believes it has access to adequate resources to meet its needs for normal operating costs, capital expenditures, debt obligations and working capital for at least the next twelve months from the date of filing this Form 10-Q. As of October 31, 2024, these resources include cash and cash equivalents and ModusLink's borrowing capacity under its credit agreement with Umpqua Bank (the Umpqua Revolver ), as lender and as agent. The Umpqua Revolver provides for a maximum credit commitment of 12.5 million and a sublimit of 5.0 million for letters of credit. On May 1, 2024, ModusLink, entered into a Second Amendment to the Umpqua Revolver (the Second Amendment ). Among other things, the Second Amendment (i) extended the maturity date with respect to revolving loans from March 31, 2025 to March 31, 2026, (ii) removed certain adjustments in the definition of Adjusted EBITDA as set forth in the Umpqua Revolver, (iii) increased the minimum Adjusted Tangible Net Worth (as defined in the credit agreement) and (iv) removed certain caps and conditions on ModusLink s ability to pay dividends. There was no balance outstanding on the Umpqua Revolver as of October 31, 2024. See Note 9 - "Debt" for further details regarding the Umpqua Revolver. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Upon a redemption request by the holder of the Preferred Stock (as discussed in Note 16 - "Related Party Transactions" and in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024), the Parent believes it is probable that it has access to adequate resources, including cash on hand and potential dividends from ModusLink, to pay the redemption price and continue its operations for the next twelve months from the date of filing this Form 10-Q. 
 The following table summarizes our liquidity: 
 October 31, 2024 (In thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 233,927 Readily available borrowing capacity under Umpqua Revolver 11,890 245,817 
 Consolidated working capital was 217.0 million as of October 31, 2024, as compared to 220.8 million at July 31, 2024. Included in working capital were cash and cash equivalents of 233.9 million as of October 31, 2024 and 248.6 million at July 31, 2024. Sources and uses of cash for the three months ended October 31, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year, are as follows: 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 11,990 6,583 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (13,377) 150,084 Net cash used in financing activities (13,477) (536) 
 Operating Activities: We generated cash of 12.0 million from operating activities during the three months ended October 31, 2024, an increase of 5.4 million compared with 6.6 million provided by operating activities during the three months ended October 31, 2023, primarily due to favorable changes of 6.8 million related to non-cash adjustments to net income. The Company's future cash flows related to operating activities are dependent on several factors, including profitability, accounts receivable collections, effective inventory management practices and optimization of the credit terms of certain vendors of the Company, and overall performance of the technology sector impacting the Supply Chain segment. 
 Investing Activities: Net cash used in investing activities was 13.4 million during the three months ended October 31, 2024 as compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 150.1 million during the three months ended October 31, 2023. The cash outflow for the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to 12.8 million purchases of investments, as well as 0.6 million in capital expenditures. The cash inflow for the three months ended October 31, 2023 was primarily driven by the 154.5 million cash receipt in August 2023 for the remaining proceeds receivable from the disposition of the Aerojet shares in fiscal 2023, offset partially by 0.6 million in capital expenditures. 
 Financing Activities: Net cash used in financing activities was 13.5 million during the three months ended October 31, 2024, driven by the payment of the 12.9 million remaining principal balance on the SPHG Note, as well as 0.5 million for the payment of dividends on the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. Net cash used in financing activities was 0.5 million for the three months ended October 31, 2023 for the payment of dividends on the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 Debt and Financing Arrangements 
 
 Following is a summary of Company s outstanding debt and financing agreements and preferred stock. Refer to Note 9 Debt and Note 16 Related Party Transactions to the consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. 
 7.50 Convertible Senior Note 
 On February 28, 2019, the Company entered into that certain 7.50 Convertible Senior Note Due 2024 Purchase Agreement with SPHG Holdings whereby SPHG Holdings loaned the Company 14.9 million in exchange for a 7.50 Convertible Senior Note due 2024 (the "SPHG Note"). The SPHG Note bears interest at the fixed rate of 7.50 per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2019. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 On March 9, 2023 (the "Amendment Date"), the Company and SPHG Holdings entered into an amendment to the SPHG Note (the SPHG Note Amendment ). Pursuant to the SPHG Note Amendment, the maturity date of the SPHG Note was extended to September 1, 2024 from its original maturity date of March 1, 2024. In addition, the Company repaid 1.0 million in principal amount of the SPHG Note on the Amendment Date, and repaid an additional 1.0 million principal amount of the note on June 9, 2023. In connection with the SPHG Note Amendment, the Company paid SPHG Holdings a cash amendment fee of 0.1 million, and derecognized 0.2 million of the debt discount in proportion to the reduction of the principal balance during fiscal year 2023. No other changes were made to the terms of the SPHG Note besides the items discussed. 
 The SPHG Note matured on September 1, 2024, and the Company paid off the outstanding principal and accrued interest for the SPHG Note upon its maturity. As such, the balance of the SPHG Note was zero as of October 31, 2024. As of July 31, 2024, outstanding debt consisted of the 12.9 million SPHG Note due September 1, 2024 and the fair value of the SPHG Note was 12.9 million. 
 
 Umpqua Revolver 
 
 ModusLink, as borrower, is party to a revolving credit agreement with Umpqua Bank as lender and as agent. The Umpqua Revolver provides for a maximum credit commitment of 12.5 million and a sublimit of 5.0 million for letters of credit. On May 1, 2024, ModusLink, entered into a Second Amendment to Umpqua Revolver (the Second Amendment ). Among other things, the Second Amendment (i) extended the maturity date with respect to revolving loans from March 31, 2025 to March 31, 2026, (ii) removed certain adjustments in the definition of Adjusted EBITDA as set forth in the Umpqua Revolver, (iii) increased the minimum Adjusted Tangible Net Worth (as defined in the credit agreement) and (iv) removed certain caps and conditions on ModusLink s ability to pay dividends. Steel Connect is not a borrower or a guarantor under the Umpqua Revolver. 
 As of October 31, 2024, ModusLink was in compliance with the Umpqua Revolver's covenants, and believes it will remain in compliance with the Umpqua Revolver s covenants for the next twelve months from the date of filing this Form 10-Q. As of October 31, 2024, ModusLink had available borrowing capacity of 11.9 million and there was 0.6 million outstanding letters of credit. 
 ModusLink believes that if dividends to the Company are required, it would have access to adequate resources to meet its operating needs while remaining in compliance with the Umpqua Revolver's covenants over the next twelve months. However, there can be no assurances that ModusLink will continue to have access to its line of credit under the Umpqua Revolver if its financial performance does not satisfy the financial covenants set forth in its financing agreement, which could also result in the acceleration of its debt obligations by its lender, adversely affecting liquidity. 
 Series C Preferred Stock 
 
 On December 15, 2017, the Company entered into a Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") with SPHG Holdings, pursuant to which the Company issued 35,000 shares of the Company's newly created Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per shares, or the Preferred Stock, to SPHG Holdings at a price of 1,000 per share, for an aggregate purchase consideration of 35.0 million (the "Preferred Stock Transaction"). The terms, rights, obligations and preferences of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock are set forth in a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the "Series C Certificate of Designations"), which has been filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
 
 Under the Series C Certificate of Designations, each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock can be converted into shares of the Company's common stock at an initial conversion price equal to 18.29 per share, subject to appropriate adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction. Holders of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock will also receive dividends at 6 per annum payable, at the Company's option, in cash or common stock. If at any time the closing bid price of the Company's common stock exceeds 170 of the conversion price for at least five consecutive trading days (subject to appropriate adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction), the Company has the right to require each holder of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock to convert all, or any whole number, of shares of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock into common stock. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of certain triggering events such as a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, or the merger or consolidation of the Company or significant subsidiary, or the sale of substantially all of the assets or capital stock of the Company or a significant subsidiary, the holders of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or funds of the Company to the holders of other equity or equity equivalent securities of the Company other than the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share in cash equal to the sum of (i) 100 of the stated value per share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (initially 1,000 per share) then held by them (as adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or other similar transactions with respect to the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock), plus (ii) 100 of all 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 declared but unpaid dividends, and all accrued but unpaid dividends on each such share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, in each case as the date of the triggering event. 
 
 On or after December 15, 2022, each holder of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock can also require the Company to redeem its Series C Convertible Preferred Stock in cash at a price equal to the Liquidation Preference (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designations), or approximately 35.0 million. 
 
 Series E Preferred Stock 
 
 On May 1, 2023, the Company and Steel Holdings executed a series of agreements in which the Steel Partners Group agreed to transfer certain marketable securities held by the Steel Partners Group to Steel Connect in exchange for 3.5 million shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of Steel Connect (the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock , and, such transfer the Transfer and Exchange Agreement ). Following the approval by the Company's stockholders at the special stockholders' meeting held on June 6, 2023 pursuant to NASDAQ Marketplace Rules (the Stockholder Approval ), the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into an aggregate of 19.8 million shares of Common Stock, and will vote together with the Common Stock and participate in any dividends paid on the Common Stock, in each case on an as-converted basis. 
 
 The terms, rights, obligations and preferences of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock are set forth in a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series E Certificate of Designations ), which are summarized below: 
 
 Any holder of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Holder ), may, at its option, convert all or any shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock held by such Holder into Common Stock based on a conversion price of 10.27 (the Conversion Price per share, subject to appropriate adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, or similar transaction by delivering to the Company a conversion notice. 
 
 Holders are entitled to participate equally and ratably with the holders of shares of Common Stock in all dividends or other distributions on the shares of Common Stock as if, immediately prior to each record date for payment of dividends or other distributions on the Common Stock, shares of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding were converted into shares of Common Stock. Dividends or other distributions payable will be payable on the same date that such dividends or other distributions are payable to holders of shares of Common Stock, and no dividends or other distributions will be payable to holders of shares of Common Stock unless dividends or such other distributions are also paid at the same time in respect of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of certain triggering events such as a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, any merger or consolidation in which the Company is a constituent party or a Significant Subsidiary is a constituent party and the Company issues shares of its capital stock pursuant to such merger or consolidation such that the stockholders of the Company prior to such merger or consolidation hold less than 50.0 of the aggregate voting securities of the Corporation following such merger or consolidation, or the sale of substantially all of the assets or capital stock of the Company or a significant subsidiary (collectively, or any of these, a Liquidation Event(s) ), the holders of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or funds of the Company to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share in cash equal to 58.1087 (as adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination or other similar transactions with respect to the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference ). In the event that the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference is not paid with respect to any shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock as required to be paid, such shares shall continue to be entitled to dividends and all such shares shall remain outstanding and entitled to all the rights and preferences provided within the Series E Certificate of Designations. 
 
 Neither the Company nor the Holder has any rights to redeem the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Each Holder of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to vote with holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting together as a single class, with respect to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the Company for their action or consideration (whether at a meeting of stockholders of the Company, by written action of stockholders in lieu of a meeting or otherwise), except as provided by law. In any such vote, each Holder shall be entitled to a number of votes equal to the largest number of whole shares of Common Stock into which all shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock held of record by such Holder is convertible as of the record date for such vote or written consent or, if there is no specified record date, as of the date of such vote or written consent. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company does not have any material off-balance sheet financing arrangements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates Update 
 During the three months ended October 31, 2024, there were no significant changes to the items that the Company disclosed as the Company's critical accounting policies and estimates in the "Critical Accounting Estimates" section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. 
 
 The Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements. The critical accounting policies and estimates that the Company believes are most critical to the portrayal of the Company's financial condition and results of operations are reported in the "Critical Accounting Estimates" section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Consistent with the rules applicable to "Smaller Reporting Companies," the Company has omitted information required by this item. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such terms are defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. "Disclosure controls and procedures" means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Based upon that evaluation, management, including the Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company's disclosure controls were effective as of October 31, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended October 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 The information set forth under Note 10 - "Contingencies" to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, is incorporated herein by reference. For an additional discussion of certain risks associated with legal proceedings, also see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 a. None. 
 b. Not applicable. 
 c. None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 Insider trading arrangements and policies 
 During the three months ended October 31, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibit Number Description 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following financial information from Steel Connect, Inc.'s Quarterly Report Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, (ii) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, (iii) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, (iv) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, (v) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 and (vi) Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. STEEL CONNECT, INC. Date: December 12, 2024 
 By: /S/ RYAN O'HERRIN Ryan O'Herrin Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory) 
 
 38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 stcn-20241031xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Warren Lichtenstein, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Steel Connect, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date December 12, 2024 By S WARREN LICHTENSTEIN Warren Lichtenstein Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 stcn-20241031xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ryan O'Herrin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Steel Connect, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date December 12, 2024 By S RYAN O'HERRIN Ryan O'Herrin Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 stcn-20241031xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Steel Connect, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Warren Lichtenstein, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date December 12, 2024 By S WARREN LICHTENSTEIN Warren Lichtenstein Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 stcn-20241031xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Steel Connect, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Ryan O'Herrin, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date December 12, 2024 By S RYAN O'HERRIN Ryan O'Herrin Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mlnk-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mlnk-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mlnk-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mlnk-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mlnk-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

