<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_754811_0001437749-24-033940.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7923846</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>93565</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1222377</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2658095</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1837570</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1932044</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-24-033940.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107162134
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-24-033940
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			U S GLOBAL INVESTORS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000754811
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				741598370
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13928
		FILM NUMBER:		241436173

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7900 CALLAGHAN RD
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78229
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2103081234

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7900 CALLAGHAN ROAD
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78229

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED SERVICES ADVISORS INC /TX/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950321

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-24-033940.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 usglobal20240930_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

usglobal20240930_10q.htm 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from ____________ to ____________. 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 U.S. GLOBAL INVESTORS, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , (Zip Code) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 On October 31, 2024, there were shares of Registrant s class A nonvoting common stock issued and 11,457,191 shares of Registrant s class A nonvoting common stock issued and outstanding; no shares of Registrant s class B nonvoting common shares outstanding; and 2,068,549 shares of Registrant s class C voting common stock issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 1 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
 1 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
 2 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED) 
 3 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 4 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 5 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 6 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 20 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 24 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 25 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 26 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 26 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 26 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 27 

SIGNATURES 
 28 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. GLOBAL INVESTORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 
 (dollars in thousands) (unaudited) 
 Assets 
 Current Assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Investments in trading securities at fair value, current 
 Accounts and other receivables (net of allowance for credit losses of 0 , and 0 , respectively) 
 Tax receivable 
 Prepaid expenses 
 Total Current Assets 
 
 Net Property and Equipment 
 
 Other Assets 
 Deferred tax asset 
 Investments in trading securities at fair value, non-current 
 Investments in available-for-sale debt securities at fair value (amortized cost: 5,717 , and 6,204 , respectively) (net of allowance for credit losses of 0 , and 0 , respectively) 
 Investments in held-to-maturity debt securities at amortized cost 
 Less: Allowance for credit losses 
 Investments in held-to-maturity debt securities, net of allowance for credit losses 
 Other investments 
 Financing lease, right of use assets 
 Other assets, non-current 
 Total Other Assets 
 Total Assets 
 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 Current Liabilities 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued compensation and related costs 
 Dividends payable 
 Financing lease liability, short-term 
 Other accrued expenses 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 
 Long-Term Liabilities 
 Reserve for uncertain tax positions 
 Financing lease liability, long-term 
 Total Long-Term Liabilities 
 Total Liabilities 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 13) 
 
 Shareholders Equity 
 Common stock (class A) - 0.025 par value; nonvoting; 28,000,000 shares authorized; 13,866,999 shares issued at September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024; 11,562,261 and 11,753,483 shares outstanding at September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024, respectively 
 Common stock (class B) - 0.025 par value; nonvoting; 4,500,000 shares authorized; no shares issued 
 Convertible common stock (class C) - 0.025 par value; voting; 3,500,000 shares authorized; 2,068,549 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024 
 Additional paid-in-capital 
 Treasury stock, class A shares at cost; 2,304,738 and 2,113,516 shares at September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024, respectively 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 Retained earnings 
 Total Shareholders Equity 
 Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Page 1

Table of Contents 

U.S. GLOBAL INVESTORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 
 Operating Revenues 
 Advisory fees 
 Administrative services fees 
 Total Operating Revenues 
 Operating Expenses 
 Employee compensation and benefits 
 General and administrative 
 Advertising 
 Depreciation 
 Interest 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 Other Income (Loss) 
 Net investment income (loss) 
 Other income (loss) 
 Total Other Income (Loss) 
 Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Tax expense (benefit) 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 
 Earnings (Loss) Per Share 
 Basic Net Income (Loss) per share 
 Diluted Net Income (Loss) per share 
 
 Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding 
 Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Page 2

Table of Contents 

U.S. GLOBAL INVESTORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities arising during period, net of tax 
 Less: reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income (loss), net of tax 
 Net change from available-for-sale securities 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Page 3

Table of Contents 

U.S. GLOBAL INVESTORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 

Common Stock Convertible Common Stock Treasury Stock Accumulated 
 (class A) (class C) Additional Other 
 Paid-in Comprehensive Retained 
 (dollars in thousands) Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Capital Shares Cost Income (Loss) Earnings Total 
 Balance at June 30, 2024 
 Repurchases of shares of Common Stock (class A), including excise tax - - 
 Issuance of stock under ESPP of shares of Common Stock (class A) 
 Dividends declared - - - 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax - - - 
 Net income (loss) - - - 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 

Common Stock Convertible Common Stock Treasury Stock Accumulated 
 (class A) (class C) Additional Other 
 Paid-in Comprehensive Retained 
 (dollars in thousands) Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Capital Shares Cost Income (Loss) Earnings Total 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 
 Impact of ASU 2016-13 adoption, net of tax (Note 1) - - - 
 Balance at Balance at June 30, 2024 (as adjusted for change in accounting principle) 
 Repurchases of shares of Common Stock (class A), including excise tax - - 
 Issuance of stock under ESPP of shares of Common Stock (class A) 
 Dividends declared - - - 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax - - - 
 Net income (loss) - - - 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Page 4

Table of Contents 

U.S. GLOBAL INVESTORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 
 Net income (loss) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation, amortization and accretion 
 Net realized (gains) losses on securities 
 Unrealized (gains) losses on securities 
 Provision for deferred taxes 
 Reserve for uncertain tax positions 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts and other receivables 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 
 Total adjustments 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 
 Purchase of property and equipment 
 Proceeds on sale of trading securities at fair value, non-current 
 Proceeds from principal paydowns of available-for-sale debt securities at fair value 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 
 Principal payments on financing lease 
 Issuance of common stock 
 Repurchases of common stock 
 Dividends paid 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 Beginning cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 Ending cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 
 Dividends declared but not paid 
 Excise tax liability accrued on stock repurchases 
 Unsettled class A common stock repurchases 
 
 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 Cash paid for interest 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Page 5

Table of Contents 

U.S. GLOBAL INVESTORS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

million at September 30, 2024 , and million at June 30, 2024 . 
 
 The carrying amount of assets and liabilities recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to the Company's interests in these non-consolidated VIEs were as follows: 

Investments in trading securities at fair value, non-current 
 Other receivables 
 Total VIE assets, maximum exposure to loss 

Since the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the above funds it advises, the Company evaluated if it should consolidate under the voting interest entity model. Under the voting interest model, for legal entities other than partnerships, the usual condition for control is ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 percent of the outstanding voting shares over an entity. The Company does not have control of any of the above funds it advises; therefore, the Company does not consolidate any of these funds. 
 
 All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain amounts have been reclassified for comparative purposes. Due to rounding, the year-to-date amount may not be the exact sum of the quarterly amounts. The results of operations for the interim periods disclosed herein are not necessarily indicative of the results the Company may expect for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025 fiscal 2025 ). 
 
 The unaudited interim financial information in these Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the Company s annual report on Form 10 -K; interim disclosures generally do not repeat those in the annual statements. 

for one held-to-maturity debt security. The cumulative-effect adjustment to beginning retained earnings, net of the related tax effect, was a decrease of . 

In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022 - 03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820 ): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions ASU 2022 - 03 to clarify the guidance in Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, when measuring the fair value of an equity security subject to contractual restrictions that prohibit the sale of an equity security, and to introduce new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value. The standard became effective for the Company on July 1, 2024. The adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023 - 07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280 ): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures ASU 2023 - 07 ), which enhances the disclosures required for reportable segments in annual and interim consolidated financial statements, including additional, more detailed information about a reportable segment s expenses. ASU 2023 - 07 is to be applied on a retrospective basis and is effective for the Company's fiscal 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements and interim periods beginning in fiscal 2026. The Company is evaluating the impact ASU 2023 - 07 will have on disclosures in its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023 - 09, Income Taxes (Topic 740 ): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ASU 2023 - 09 ), which enhances the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures. ASU 2023 - 09 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The Company is evaluating the impact ASU 2023 - 09 will have on disclosures in its Consolidated Financial Statements. 

million and a cost basis of million. The fair value of these investments is approximately percent of the Company s total assets at September 30, 2024 . In addition, the Company held other investments of approximately million and held-to-maturity debt investments, net of allowance for credit losses, of . 
 
 The cost basis of investments is adjusted for amortization of premium or accretion of discount on debt securities held and the recharacterization of distributions from investments in partnerships. 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 
 A significant portion of the Company s investments carried at fair value on a recurring basis is investments in USGIF, which were million and million as of September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 , respectively, and investments in HIVE Digital Technologies Ltd. HIVE convertible debentures, which were million and million as of September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 , respectively. For these investments, the maximum amount of loss due to credit risk the Company could incur is the fair value of the financial instruments. 
 
 Fair Value Hierarchy 
 
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The valuation techniques described below maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs in determining fair value. 
 
 The inputs used for measuring financial instruments at fair value are summarized in the three broad levels listed below: 
 
 Level 1 Inputs represent unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets exchanged in active markets. 
 
 Level 2 Inputs include directly or indirectly observable inputs (other than Level 1 inputs) such as quoted prices for similar assets exchanged in active or inactive markets; quoted prices for identical assets exchanged in inactive markets; other inputs that may be considered in fair value determinations of the assets, such as interest rates and yield curves; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 
 
 Level 3 Inputs include unobservable inputs used in the measurement of assets. The Company is required to use its own assumptions regarding unobservable inputs because there is little, if any, market activity in the assets and it may be unable to corroborate the related observable inputs. Unobservable inputs require management to make certain projections and assumptions about the information that would be used by market participants in valuing assets. 
 
 The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. The inputs or methodology used for valuing securities are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in those securities. Because of the inherent uncertainties of valuation, the values reflected may materially differ from the values received upon actual sale of those investments. 
 
 The Company has established a Proprietary Valuation Committee (the Committee to administer and oversee the Company s valuation policies and procedures, which are approved by the Board of Directors, and to perform a periodic review of valuations provided by independent pricing services. 
 
 For actively traded securities, the Company values investments using the closing price of the securities on the exchange or market on which the securities principally trade. If the security is not traded on the last business day of the quarter, it is generally valued at the mean between the last bid and ask quotation. The fair value of a security that has a restriction greater than one year is based on the quoted price for an otherwise identical unrestricted instrument that trades in a public market, adjusted for the estimated effect of the restriction. Contractual restrictions on the sale of an equity security are not considered in measuring the security's fair value. Mutual funds, which include open- and closed-end funds and exchange-traded funds, are valued at net asset value or closing price, as applicable. 
 
 For common share purchase warrants not traded on an exchange, the estimated fair value is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This sophisticated model utilizes a number of assumptions in arriving at its results, including the estimated life, the risk-free interest rate, and historical volatility of the underlying common stock. The Company may change the assumption of the risk-free interest rate and utilize the yield curve for instruments with similar characteristics, such as credit ratings and jurisdiction, or change the expected volatility. The effects of changing any of the assumptions or factors employed by the Black-Scholes model may result in a significantly different valuation. 

Certain convertible debt securities not traded on an exchange are valued by an independent third party using a binomial lattice model based on factors such as yield, quality, maturity, coupon rate, type of issuance, individual trading characteristics of the underlying common shares and other market data. The model utilizes a number of assumptions in arriving at its results. The effects of changing any of the assumptions or factors utilized in the binomial lattice model, including expected volatility, credit adjusted discount rates, and discounts for lack of marketability, may result in a significantly different valuation for the securities. 
 
 For other securities included in the fair value hierarchy with unobservable inputs, the Committee considers a number of factors in determining a security s fair value, including the security s trading volume, market values of similar class issuances, investment personnel s judgment regarding the market experience of the issuer, financial status of the issuer, the issuer s management, and back testing, as appropriate. The fair values may differ from what may have been used had a broader market for these securities existed. The Committee reviews inputs and assumptions and reports material items to the Board of Directors. Securities which do not have readily determinable fair values are also periodically reviewed by the Committee. 
 
 The following tables summarize the major categories of investments with fair values adjusted on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 , and other investments with fair values adjusted on a nonrecurring basis, with fair values shown according to the fair value hierarchy. 

Mutual funds - Fixed income 
 Mutual funds - Global equity 
 Total equity securities 
 Debt securities: 
 Corporate debt securities 
 Total investments in trading securities: 
 Investments in available-for-sale debt securities: 
 Corporate debt securities - Convertible debentures 
 Total investments carried at fair value on a recurring basis: 
 Investments carried at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: 
 Other investments (1) 

1. Other investments include equity securities without readily determinable fair values that are adjusted as a result of the measurement alternative. There were no adjustments during the three months ended September 30, 2024 . 

Mutual funds - Fixed income 
 Mutual funds - Global equity 
 Total equity securities 
 Debt securities: 
 Corporate debt securities 
 Total investments in trading securities: 
 Investments in available-for-sale debt securities: 
 Corporate debt securities - Convertible debentures 
 Total investments carried at fair value on a recurring basis: 
 Investments carried at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: 
 Other investments (1) 

1. Other investments include equity securities without readily determinable fair values that were adjusted as a result of the measurement alternative on dates during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 . These securities are classified as level 3 due to the infrequency of the observable price changes and/or restrictions on the shares. 

The security classified as Level 3 and carried at fair value on a recurring basis in the preceding tables is an investment in convertible debentures of HIVE, a company that is headquartered in Canada with cryptocurrency mining facilities in Iceland, Sweden, and Canada. The Company purchased convertible securities for million in January 2021. The convertible securities were comprised of interest-bearing unsecured convertible debentures, payable in quarterly installments with a final maturity in January 2026, and million common share purchase warrants in the capital of HIVE. Under the original terms, the principal amount of each debenture was convertible into common shares in the capital of HIVE at a conversion rate of , and each whole warrant, which expired in January 2024, entitled the Company to acquire one common share at a price of (Canadian). Under the current terms, which reflect a reverse stock split, the principal amount of each debenture is convertible into common shares in the capital of HIVE at a conversion rate of . Cryptocurrency markets and related securities have been, and are expected to continue to be, volatile. There has been significant volatility in the market price of HIVE, which has materially impacted the value of the investments included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, unrealized gain (loss) recognized in net investment income (loss), and unrealized gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). The investments did not represent ownership in HIVE as of September 30, 2024 , or June 30, 2024 . The securities are subject to Canadian securities regulations. Frank Holmes serves on the board as executive chairman of HIVE and held shares and options at September 30, 2024 . From August 2018 through January 2023, Mr. Holmes was Interim CEO of HIVE. 
 
 The Company recorded the debentures at the estimated fair value of million on purchase date, and an unrealized gain of million was recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), which will be realized in net investment income (loss) ratably using the effective interest method until maturity, conversion, or other disposition. The fair value of the debentures was million and million at September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 , respectively. The remaining principal amount was million as of September 30, 2024 . 
 
 The Company utilizes an independent third -party to estimate the fair value of the HIVE convertible debentures and currently considers the fair value measurements to contain Level 3 inputs. The following table is a reconciliation of investments recorded at fair value for which unobservable inputs (Level 3 were used in determining fair value during the three months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 
 Changes in Level 3 Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

Principal repayments 
 Amortization of day one premium 
 Accretion of bifurcation discount 
 Total gains or losses included in: 
 Net Investment Income (Loss) 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Ending Balance 

The following is quantitative information as of September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 , with respect to the securities measured and carried at fair value on a recurring basis with the use of significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 ). 
 
 Binomial lattice model Volatility 
 Credit Spread 
 Risk-Free Rate 

Binomial lattice model Volatility 
 Credit Spread 
 Risk-Free Rate 

Investments in Trading Securities at Fair Value 
 
 Investments in trading securities with readily determinable fair values are carried at fair value, and changes in unrealized gains or losses are reported in the current period's earnings. The following details the components of the Company s trading securities carried at fair value as of September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 . 

Equities - Domestic 
 Mutual funds - Fixed income 
 Mutual funds - Global equity 
 Total equity securities at fair value 
 Debt securities: 
 Corporate debt securities 
 Total trading securities at fair value 

Equities - Domestic 
 Mutual funds - Fixed income 
 Mutual funds - Global equity 
 Total equity securities at fair value 
 Debt securities: 
 Corporate debt securities 
 Total trading securities at fair value 

Debt Investments 
 
 Investments in debt securities are classified on the acquisition dates and at each balance sheet date. Securities classified as held-to-maturity are carried at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses, reflecting the ability and intent to hold the securities to maturity. Debt securities classified as trading are acquired with the intent to sell in the near term and are carried at fair value with changes reported in earnings. All other debt securities are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. 
 
 Investment gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities are recorded when the securities are sold, as determined on a specific identification basis, and recognized in current period earnings. Changes in unrealized gains on available-for-sale debt securities are reported net of tax in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). For debt securities in an unrealized loss position, a loss in earnings is recognized for the excess of amortized cost over fair value if the Company intends to sell before the price recovers. Otherwise, the Company evaluates as of the balance sheet date whether the unrealized losses are attributable to credit losses or other factors. The severity of the decline in value, creditworthiness of the issuer and other relevant factors are considered. The portion of unrealized loss the Company believes is related to a credit loss is recognized in earnings, and the portion of unrealized loss the Company believes is not related to a credit loss is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 Certain derivatives embedded in other financial instruments, such as the conversion option in a convertible bond, are reported at fair value, and changes in fair value are recorded through earnings within net investment income (loss). The host contract continues to be accounted for in accordance with the appropriate accounting standard. The embedded derivative and the related host contract represent one legal contract and are combined on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the tables that follow. The Company held one financial instrument classified as available-for-sale containing an embedded derivative, which represents an investment in HIVE, at September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 . As of September 30, 2024 , the unrealized loss position in the available-for-sale security was related to changes in the fair value of the embedded derivatives and not the result of credit losses; therefore, an allowance for credit losses was not recorded. 

The following details the components of the Company s available-for-sale debt investments as of September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 . 

1. Represents changes in unrealized gains and losses related to embedded derivatives included within net investment income (loss) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

The following table summarizes the fair values of embedded derivatives on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, categorized by risk exposure, at September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 . 

The following table presents the effect of embedded derivatives on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, categorized by risk exposure, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 . 

At September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 , the Company held one debt security classified as held-to-maturity. The following details the components of the Company s held-to-maturity debt investments as of September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 . 

1. Held-to-maturity debt investments are carried at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses, and the fair value is classified as Level 2 according to the fair value hierarchy. 

On July 1, 2023, the Company adopted ASU 2016 - 13, which replaced the incurred loss methodology for determining our allowance for credit losses and related provision for credit losses with an expected loss methodology that is referred to as the Current Expected Credit Losses ("CECL") model. CECL is a significant accounting estimate used in the preparation of the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. Upon adoption of ASU 2016 - 13, the Company replaced the incurred loss impairment model that recognizes losses when it becomes probable that a credit loss will be incurred, with a requirement to recognize lifetime expected credit losses immediately when a financial asset is originated or purchased. CECL is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of held-to-maturity debt securities to present the net amount expected to be collected on the securities. Held-to-maturity debt securities, or portions thereof, are charged against the allowance when they are deemed uncollectible. Arriving at an appropriate level of credit losses involves a high degree of judgment. While management uses available information to recognize losses, changing economic conditions and the economic prospects of the issuers may necessitate future additions or reductions to the allowance. 
 
 The Company monitors the credit quality of debt securities through credit ratings from various rating agencies. Credit ratings express opinions about the credit quality of a security and are utilized by the Company to make informed decisions. Investment grade securities are rated BBB- /Baa3 or higher and generally considered by the rating agencies and market participants to be of low credit risk. Conversely, securities rated below investment grade are considered to have distinctively higher credit risk than investment grade securities. For securities without credit ratings, the Company utilizes other financial information indicating the financial health of the underlying organization. As of September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 , the held-to-maturity debt investment held by the Company did not have a credit rating. 
 
 Since the held-to-maturity debt security does not have a credit rating, management has determined that the discounted cash flow method provides the best basis for its assessment and determination of expected credit losses. The Company has elected to reflect the change in the allowance solely attributable to the passage of time in interest income. Changes attributable to the passage of time are those solely due to changes in the present value of the expected cash flows as the instrument approaches maturity rather than expectations of cash flow timing or amounts. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 , the change in allowance for credit losses attributable to the passage of time, included as an increase in interest income within net investment income (loss) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, was . From the adoption of ASU 2016 - 13 on July 1, 2023, through September 30, 2023 , the change in allowance for credit losses attributable to the passage of time, included as an increase in interest income within net investment income (loss) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, was . 
 
 The following table presents the activity in the allowance for credit losses for the held-to-maturity debt investment for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 . There was no allowance at June 30, 2023. 

Impact of ASU 2016-13 adoption 
 Provision for credit losses - reversal (1) 
 Ending Balance 

1. Represents the change in present value attributable to the passage of time included in interest income. 

The following summarizes the net carrying amount and estimated fair value of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities at September 30, 2024 , by contractual maturity dates. Actual maturities may differ from final contractual maturities due to principal repayment installments or prepayment rights held by issuers. 

Fair Value 

1. Principal payments of are due quarterly with a final maturity date in January 2026. 

As of September 30, 2024 , none of the Company's investments in debt securities were delinquent or in a non-accrual status, and accrued interest receivable of and is included in accounts and other receivables on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 , respectively. 
 
 Other Investments 
 
 Other investments consist of equity investments in entities over which the Company is unable to exercise significant influence and which do not have readily determinable fair values. For these securities, the Company generally elects to value using the measurement alternative, under which such securities are measured at cost, less impairment, if any. If the Company identifies observable price changes for identical or similar securities of the same issuer, the equity security is measured at fair value as of the date the observable transaction occurred, with such changes recorded in net investment income (loss). 
 
 The carrying value of equity securities without readily determinable fair values was approximately million as of June 30, 2024 . The following table presents the carrying value of equity securities without readily determinable fair values held as of September 30, 2024, and 2023 , that are measured under the measurement alternative and the related adjustments recorded during the periods presented for those securities with observable price changes or impairments. These securities are included in the nonrecurring fair value hierarchy tables when applicable price changes are observable, or when impairments occur. 

Upward carrying value changes 
 Downward carrying value changes/impairment 

The period-end carrying values reflect cumulative purchases and sales in addition to upward and downward carrying value changes. The cumulative amount of upward adjustments to all equity securities without readily determinable fair values total million since their respective acquisitions through September 30, 2024 . The cumulative amount of impairments and other downward adjustments, which include return of capital distributions and observable price changes, to all equity securities without readily determinable fair values total million since their respective acquisitions through September 30, 2024 . 

The Company has an investment in The Sonar Company Sonar ), a company headquartered in the United States, at a cost of . The investment had a carrying value of approximately at September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 . Roy D. Terracina, Director and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors for U.S. Global, has served as the CEO of Sonar since July 2021, and the Company s ownership of Sonar was approximately percent as of September 30, 2024 . 
 
 Net Investment Income (Loss) 
 
 Net investment income (loss) from the Company s investments includes: 
 realized gains and losses on sales of securities; 
 realized gains and losses on principal payment proceeds; 
 unrealized gains and losses on securities at fair value; 
 impairments and observable price changes on equity investments without readily determinable fair values; 
 dividend and interest income; and 
 realized foreign currency gains and losses. 

The following summarizes net investment income (loss) reflected in earnings for the periods presented. 

Realized gains (losses) on debt securities 
 Unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities 
 Unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities 
 Unrealized gains (losses) on embedded derivatives 
 Unrealized gains (losses) on cash equivalents 
 Dividend and interest income 
 Realized foreign currency gains (losses) 
 Total Net Investment Income (Loss) 

Realized gains on debt securities reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) related to the Company's investment in HIVE debentures were and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 , respectively. 
 
 The following table presents unrealized gains and losses recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 , on equity securities and debt securities classified as trading that are still held at each respective date. 

Less: Net gains and losses recognized during the period on securities sold during the period 
 Unrealized gains and losses recognized during the reporting period on securities still held at the reporting date (1) 
 Debt securities classified as trading: 
 Net gains and losses recognized during the period 
 Less: Net gains and losses recognized during the period on securities sold during the period 
 Unrealized gains and losses recognized during the reporting period on securities still held at the reporting date 

1. Includes net unrealized and realized losses of as a result of the measurement alternative for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . There were no amounts included as a result of the measurement alternative for the three months ended September 30, 2024 . 

Net investment income (loss) can be volatile and vary depending on market fluctuations, the Company s ability to participate in investment opportunities, and the timing of transactions. The Company expects that gains and losses will continue to fluctuate in the future. 

USGIF advisory fees 
 USGIF performance fees received (paid) 
 Total Advisory Fees 
 USGIF administrative services fees 
 Total Operating Revenue 

The Company serves as investment advisor to three U.S.-based exchange-traded fund (ETF) clients: U.S. Global Jets ETF (ticker JETS), U.S. Global GO GOLD and Precious Metal Miners ETF (ticker GOAU), and U.S. Global Sea to Sky Cargo ETF (ticker SEA). The Company receives a unitary management fee of percent of average net assets and has agreed to bear all expenses of the U.S.-based ETFs, except the U.S. Global Sea to Sky Cargo ETF ("SEA"). The Company has agreed to contractually limit the expenses of SEA through April 2025 . The aggregate fees waived, and expenses borne by the Company for SEA were and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 , respectively. The Company also serves as investment advisor to one European-based ETF, The Travel UCITS ETF (ticker TRIP). The U.S. Global Jets UCITS ETF merged into The Travel UCITS ETF in April 2024. The Company receives a unitary management fee of percent of average net assets and has agreed to bear all expenses of the European-based ETF. 
 
 The Company serves as investment adviser to USGIF and receives advisory fees comprised of two components: a base management fee and a performance fee. The management fee is based on a specified percentage of net assets under management. The performance fee is a fulcrum fee that is adjusted upwards or downwards by percent when there is a performance difference of percent or more between a fund s performance and that of its designated benchmark index over the prior rolling 12 months. This performance adjustment began to be phased out during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 and will cease during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. During the phase-out period, the adjustment for the performance fee can only be adjusted downward. 
 
 The Company has agreed to contractually limit the expenses of USGIF, except the U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond Fund, through April 2025. The Company has voluntarily waived or reduced its fees and/or agreed to pay expenses on the U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond Fund. This cap will continue on a voluntary basis at the Company s discretion. The aggregate fees waived and expenses borne by the Company for USGIF were and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 , respectively. Management cannot predict the impact of future waivers due to the number of variables and the range of potential outcomes. 
 
 The Company receives administrative service fees from USGIF based on an annual rate of percent on the average daily net assets of each fund. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the Company had in receivables from fund clients, of which was from the ETFs and was from USGIF. As of June 30, 2024 , the Company had in receivables from fund clients, of which was from the ETFs and was from USGIF. There was allowance for credit losses related to receivables as of September 30, 2024 , or June 30, 2024 . 

Restricted cash 
 Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 , respectively. 
 
 The following table presents the components of lease cost. 

Interest on lease liabilities 
 Total finance lease cost 
 Short-term lease cost 
 Total lease cost 

Supplemental information related to the Company's leases follows. 

Financing cash flows from financing leases included in lease liabilities 

Additional qualitative information concerning the Company s leases follows. 

Weighted-average discount rate - financing leases 

The following table presents the maturities of lease liabilities as of September 30, 2024 . 

2026 
 Total lease payments 
 Less imputed interest 
 Total 

The Company is the lessor of certain areas of its owned office building under operating leases expiring in various months through fiscal year 2025. At the commencement of an operating lease, no income is recognized; subsequently, lease payments received are recognized on a straight-line basis. Lease income included in other income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 , respectively. The cost of obtaining lessor contracts, which is included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was at September 30, 2024 , and at June 30, 2024 . 

The following is a summary analysis of annual undiscounted cash flows to be received on leases as of September 30, 2024 . 

Total lease payments 

The Company may terminate the building leases with one hundred eighty days written notice if it sells the property. If the Company terminates the lease, the Company will pay the tenant a termination fee of the lesser of six months of the base monthly rent or the base monthly rent times the number of months remaining in the initial term. 

Vendors payable 
 ETF operating and distribution expenses 
 Other taxes payable 
 Other accrued expenses 

The Company had and of receivables from HIVE included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets within receivables as of September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 , respectively, related to the reimbursement of certain amounts reflected in the table above. 

million credit facility for working capital purposes. The credit agreement requires the Company to maintain certain covenants; the Company has been in compliance with these covenants during the current fiscal year. The credit agreement expires on May 31, 2026 , and the Company intends to renew it biennially. The credit facility is collateralized by approximately million at September 30, 2024 , included in restricted cash on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, held in deposit in a money market account at the financial institution that provided the credit facility. As of September 30, 2024 , the credit facility remains unutilized by the Company. 

per month for fiscal year 2024 and through September 2024 . 
 
 In September 2024 , the Board authorized the continuance of the monthly dividend of per share from October through December 2024 , at which time it will be considered for continuation by the Board. 
 
 The Company has a share repurchase program, approved by the Board of Directors, authorizing the Company to annually purchase up to million of its outstanding common shares, as market and business conditions warrant, on the open market in compliance with Rule 10b - 18 and Rule 10b5 - 1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The repurchase program has been in place since December 2012, and the Board of Directors has annually renewed the repurchase program each calendar year. The Company announced on February 25, 2022, that the Board of Directors of the Company approved an increase to the limit of its annual share buyback program from million to million. The Company announced on September 19, 2024, that the Board of Directors of the Company approved an update authorizing the Company to repurchase up to million of its outstanding common shares between September 13, 2024, and December 31, 2024. The total amount of shares that may be repurchased in 2024 under the program is million. The acquired shares may be used for corporate purposes, including shares issued to employees in the Company s stock-based compensation programs. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 , the Company repurchased and , respectively, of its class A shares using cash of and , respectively. 
 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which was enacted in August 2022, imposed a 1 excise tax on stock buybacks by publicly traded corporations, effective on January 1, 2023. Any excise tax incurred is recognized as part of the cost basis of the shares acquired in the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity. The impact of these provisions was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 , respectively. All amounts presented in this report related to the Company's share repurchases and the Company's share repurchase authorization exclude such excise taxes, to the extent applicable, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 The Company s stock option plans provide for the granting of class A shares as either incentive or non-qualified stock options to employees and non-employee directors. Options are subject to terms and conditions determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. At September 30, 2024, and 2023 , there were options outstanding and exercisable under the 1989 Plan at a weighted average exercise price of , and options outstanding and exercisable under the 1997 Plan at a weighted average exercise price of . There were options granted, forfeited, or exercised during the three months ended September 30, 2024 , or 2023 . 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award, and the cost is recognized as expense ratably over the award s vesting period. There was no stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 , or 2023 . As of September 30, 2024, and 2023 , there was unrecognized share-based compensation cost related to share-based awards granted under the plans. 

Weighted average number of outstanding shares 
 Basic 
 Effect of dilutive securities 
 Stock options 
 Diluted 
 
 Earnings (Loss) Per Share 
 Basic Net Income (Loss) per share 
 Diluted Net Income (Loss) per share 

The diluted EPS calculation excludes the effect of stock options when their exercise prices exceed the average market price for the period, as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 , employee stock options of and , respectively, were excluded from diluted EPS. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , and 2023 , the Company repurchased class A shares on the open market. Upon repurchase, these shares are classified as treasury shares and are deducted from outstanding shares in the earnings per share calculation. 

percent and percent for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 , respectively. 
 
 A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax amount will not be realized. A valuation allowance of was included to fully reserve for Canadian net operating loss carryovers at September 30, 2024 . There was valuation allowance included at June 30, 2024 . 
 
 The Company maintains a reserve for uncertain tax positions for income tax matters. As of September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 , the total reserve for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, and net of federal benefits, was and , respectively, which is included within long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company believes the reserve for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, and net of federal benefits, of adequately covers open tax years and uncertain tax positions up to and including September 30, 2024 , for major taxing jurisdictions. As of September 30, 2024 , the entire of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would impact the Company's effective income tax rate. 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 Tax effect 
 Amount reclassified from AOCI 
 Tax effect 
 Net other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 Tax effect 
 Amount reclassified from AOCI 
 Tax effect 
 Net other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 

Net investment income (loss) 
 Other income (loss) 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 Depreciation 
 Gross identifiable assets at September 30, 2024 
 Deferred tax asset 
 Consolidated total assets at September 30, 2024 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Operating revenues 
 Net investment income (loss) 
 Other income (loss) 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 Depreciation 
 Gross identifiable assets at September 30, 2023 
 Deferred tax asset 
 Consolidated total assets at September 30, 2023 

Operating revenues from investment management services for the three months ended September 30, 2024 , included million from ETF clients and from USGIF. For the same period in 2023 , these revenues were million from ETF clients and from USGIF. 

per share through December 2024 , at which time it will be considered for continuation by the Board. Payment of cash dividends is within the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and is dependent on earnings, operations, capital requirements, general financial condition of the Company, and general business conditions. The total amount of cash dividends expected to be paid to class A and class C shareholders from October to December 2024 is approximately . 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 U.S. Global Investors, Inc. (the Company or U.S. Global has made forward-looking statements concerning the Company s performance, financial condition, and operations in this report. The Company from time to time may also make forward-looking statements in its public filings and press releases. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various known and unknown risks and uncertainties and do not guarantee future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, some of which are beyond the Company s control, including: (i) the volatile and competitive nature of the investment management industry, (ii) changes in domestic and foreign economic conditions, including significant economic disruptions from epidemics, pandemics or outbreaks and the actions taken in connection therewith, (iii) the effect of government regulation on the Company s business, and (iv) market, credit, and liquidity risks associated with the Company s investment management activities. Due to such risks, uncertainties, and other factors, the Company cautions each person receiving such forward-looking information not to place undue reliance on such statements. All such forward-looking statements are current only as of the date on which such statements were made. 
 
 FACTORS AFFECTING OUR BUSINESS 
 
 The Company's business activities are affected by many factors, including, without limitation, market volatility, investor sentiment, general economic and business conditions, interest rate movements, taxes, inflation, labor costs, competitive conditions, and industry regulation, many of which are beyond the control of the Company's management. Further, the business and regulatory environments in which the Company operates remain complex, uncertain, and subject to change. We expect that regulatory requirements and developments will cause us to incur additional administrative and compliance costs. For a discussion of risk factors which could affect the Company, please refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
 
 The Company, with principal operations located in San Antonio, Texas, manages two business segments: (1) the Company offers a broad range of investment management products and services to meet the needs of individual and institutional investors, and (2) the Company invests for its own account in an effort to add growth and value to its cash position. 
 
 The following is a brief discussion of the Company s business segments. 
 
 Investment Management Services 
 
 The Company provides advisory services for three U.S.-based exchange-traded fund ETF clients and receives monthly advisory fees based on the net asset values of the funds. Information on the U.S.-based ETFs can be found at www.usglobaletfs.com, including the prospectus, performance and holdings. The Company also serves as investment advisor to one European-based ETF and receives a monthly advisory fee based on the net asset value of the fund. The European-based ETF is not available to U.S. investors. The ETFs authorized participants are not required to give advance notice prior to redemption of shares in the ETFs, and the ETFs do not charge a redemption fee. 
 
 The Company also generates operating revenues from managing and servicing U.S. Global Investors Funds USGIF or the Funds ). These revenues are largely dependent on the total value and composition of assets under its management. Fluctuations in the markets and investor sentiment directly impact the asset levels of the Funds, thereby affecting income and results of operations. Detailed information regarding the Funds managed by the Company within USGIF can be found on the Company s website, www.usfunds.com, including the prospectus and performance information for each Fund. The mutual fund shareholders in USGIF are not required to give advance notice prior to redemption of shares in the Funds. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, total assets under management, including ETF and USGIF clients, were approximately 1.5 billion compared to 1.8 billion at September 30, 2023, a decrease of 208.9 million. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, average assets under management, including ETF and USGIF clients, were 1.5 billion, compared to 2.1 billion during the three months ended September 30, 2023. At June 30, 2024, the Company s prior fiscal year end, total assets under management, including ETF and USGIF clients, were approximately 1.6 billion, and decreased 18.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Page 20

Table of Contents 

The following tables summarize the changes in assets under management for USGIF for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 

Changes in Assets Under Management 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Equity 

Fixed Income 

Total 

Equity 

Fixed Income 

Total 

Beginning Balance 

233,296 

55,102 

288,398 

265,329 

63,110 

328,439 

Market appreciation (depreciation) 

27,598 

818 

28,416 

(21,320) 

285 

(21,035) 

Dividends and distributions 

- 

(468) 

(468) 

(983) 

(458) 

(1,441) 

Net shareholder purchases (redemptions) 

(4,335) 

(951) 

(5,286) 

(21,929) 

(3,350) 

(25,279) 

Ending Balance 

256,559 

54,501 

311,060 

221,097 

59,587 

280,684 

Average investment management fee 

0.77 

0.00 

0.62 

0.80 

0.00 

0.64 

Average net assets 

240,947 

55,207 

296,154 

251,200 

61,749 

312,949 

As shown above, USGIF period-end assets under management were higher at September 30, 2024, compared to September 30, 2023, while average net assets were lower during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The higher average net assets in the comparative period included net assets of equity funds prior to their liquidation during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 USGIF period-end assets under management increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a decrease during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase during the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to market appreciation. The decrease during the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to market depreciation and net redemptions, primarily driven by equity fund liquidations. 
 
 The average annualized investment management fee rate (total advisory fees, excluding performance fees, as a percentage of average assets under management) was 62 basis points for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 64 basis points for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The average investment management fee for the equity funds was 77 basis points for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 80 basis points for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company has agreed to contractually or voluntarily limit the expenses of the Funds. Therefore, the Company waived or reduced its fees and/or agreed to pay expenses of the Funds. Due to fee waivers, the average investment management fee for the fixed income funds was minimal. 
 
 Investment Activities 
 
 Management believes it can more effectively manage the Company s cash position by broadening the types of investments used in cash management and continues to believe that such activities are in the best interest of the Company. The Company s investment activities are reviewed and monitored by Company compliance personnel, and various reports are provided to certain investment advisory clients. Written procedures are in place to manage compliance with the code of ethics and other policies affecting the Company s investment practices. This source of revenue does not remain consistent and is dependent on market fluctuations, the Company s ability to participate in investment opportunities, and timing of transactions. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company held investments carried at fair value on a recurring basis of 14.9 million and a cost basis of 17.5 million. The fair value of these investments is approximately 29.2 percent of the Company s total assets at September 30, 2024. In addition, the Company held other investments of approximately 1.7 million and held-to-maturity debt investments, net of allowance for credit losses, of 891,000. 
 
 Investments recorded at fair value on a recurring basis were approximately 14.9 million at September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 15.5 million at June 30, 2024, the Company s prior fiscal year end, which is a decrease of approximately 599,000. See Note 2, Investments, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for further information regarding investment activities. 

Page 21

Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 
 
 The Company recorded net income of 315,000 0.02 per share) for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 176,000 (0.01) per share) for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a change of approximately 491,000. The change is primarily due to net investment income in the current period versus net investment loss in the comparative period, offset by a decrease in operating revenues in the current period as compared to the same period in the prior year, as discussed further below. 
 
 Operating Revenues 
 
 Total consolidated operating revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 1.0 million, or 31.2 percent, compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily attributable to the following: 

Advisory fees decreased by 1.0 million, or 31.5 percent, primarily as a result of lower average assets under management in the ETFs and a decrease in base management fees earned. Advisory fees are comprised of two components: base management fees and performance fees. 

Base management fees decreased 1.0 million. The majority of this decrease was from ETF unitary management fees, which decreased 945,000 as the result of a decrease in ETF average assets under management, primarily for the Jets ETF. 

Performance fee adjustments for USGIF in the current period resulted in fees paid of 103,000 compared to 112,000 in the corresponding period in the prior year, a change of 9,000. The USGIF performance fee, which applies to the equity funds only, is a fulcrum fee that is adjusted upwards or downwards by 0.25 percent when there is a performance difference of 5 percent or more between a fund s performance and that of its designated benchmark index over the prior rolling 12 months. This performance adjustment began to be phased out during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 and will cease during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. During the phase-out period, the adjustment for the performance fee can only be adjusted downward. 

Operating Expenses 
 
 Total consolidated operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 202,000, or 6.9 percent, compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in operating expenses was primarily attributable to a decrease in employee compensation and benefits of 193,000, or 15.1 percent. The decrease in employee compensation and benefits is primarily due to decreases in bonuses, somewhat offset by an increase in salaries for new employees. Higher bonuses in the same period last year were related to company performance and fund performance. 
 
 Other Income (Loss) 
 
 Total consolidated other income for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 995,000, compared to a loss of 456,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a change of approximately 1.5 million. This change was primarily due to the following factors: 

Net investment income was 917,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net investment loss of 513,000 for the same quarter in the prior year, a change of 1.4 million. This change is primarily due to net realized and unrealized gains on equity securities of 33,000 in the current period compared to net realized and unrealized losses on equity securities of 1.3 million in the comparative period, a favorable change of 1.3 million, comprised of the following: 

Net unrealized gains on equity securities were 33,000 in the current period compared to net unrealized losses on equity securities of 443,000 in the comparative period, a favorable change of 476,000. 

There were no realized gains or losses on equity securities in the current period, whereas the comparative period had net realized losses on equity securities of 818,000. The three months ended September 30, 2023, included realized losses for impairments of 775,000 for equity investments accounted for under the investment alternative. 

Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 A tax expense of 121,000 was recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a tax benefit of 65,000 for the same period in 2023, reflecting a change of 186,000. The change was mainly due to net investment income in the current period versus a net investment loss in the prior year, partially offset by an operating loss in the current period compared to operating income in the prior year. 

Page 22

Table of Contents 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had net working capital (current assets minus current liabilities) of approximately 38.2 million, an increase of 73,000, or 0.2 percent, since June 30, 2024, and a current ratio (current assets divided by current liabilities) of 21.0 to 1. With approximately 27.3 million in cash and cash equivalents, a decrease of 63,000, or 0.2 percent since June 30, 2024, and 11.2 million in securities carried at fair value on a recurring basis, excluding convertible securities, which together comprise approximately 75.4 percent of total assets, the Company has adequate liquidity to meet its current obligations. 
 
 The decrease in cash was primarily due to repurchases of the Company's common stock of 530,000 and dividends paid of 308,000; offset by proceeds from principal paydowns of 750,000 and net cash provided by operating activities of 16,000. Consolidated shareholders equity at September 30, 2024, was 48.4 million, a decrease of 639,000, or 1.3 percent since June 30, 2024. The decrease was primarily due to repurchases of the Company's common stock of 525,000 including excise tax, dividends declared of 304,000, and other comprehensive loss of 142,000; offset by net income of 315,000, for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company also has access to a 1.0 million credit facility, which can be utilized for working capital purposes. The credit agreement requires the Company to maintain certain covenants; the Company has been in compliance with these covenants during the current fiscal year. The credit agreement expires on May 31, 2026, and the Company intends to renew it biennially. The credit facility is collateralized by approximately 1.0 million, included in restricted cash on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, held in deposit in a money market account at the financial institution that provided the credit facility. As of September 30, 2024, this credit facility remained unutilized by the Company. 
 
 Investment advisory contracts pursuant to the Investment Company Act of 1940 and related affiliated contracts in the U.S., by law, may not exceed one year in length and, therefore, must be renewed at least annually after an initial two-year term. The investment advisory and related contracts between the Company and USGIF have been renewed through September 2025. The advisory agreement for the U.S.-based ETFs has been renewed through July 2025. 
 
 The primary cash requirements are for operating activities. The Company also uses cash to purchase investments, pay dividends and repurchase Company stock. The cash outlays for investments and dividend payments are discretionary and management or the Board may discontinue as deemed necessary. The stock repurchase plan is approved through December 31, 2024, but may be suspended or discontinued. Cash and securities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, excluding convertible securities, of approximately 38.5 million are available to fund current activities. 
 
 Management believes current cash reserves, investments, and financing available will be sufficient to meet foreseeable cash needs for operating activities. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 For a discussion of other critical accounting policies that the Company follows, please refer to Item 7 in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. 

Page 23

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 COVID-19 had an adverse effect on global and domestic financial markets, and a similar global event may adversely affect assets under management and thus the Company s revenues and operating results. Market declines also affect the valuation of the Company s corporate investments, which also adversely affects the Company s balance sheet and results of operations. Macroeconomic declines, including inflation; negative political developments, including volatile market conditions due to investor concerns regarding inflation, and the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Palestine conflicts; adverse market conditions, including cryptocurrency market disruptions; and catastrophic events may cause a decline in the Company s revenue, an increase in the Company s costs, negatively affect the Company s operating results, adversely affect the Company s cash flow, and could result in a decline in the Company s stock price. 
 
 Investment Management and Administrative Services Fees 
 
 Revenues are generally based upon a percentage of assets under management in accordance with contractual agreements. Accordingly, fluctuations in the financial markets have a direct effect on the Company s operating results. A portion of assets under management have exposure to international markets and/or natural resource sectors, which may experience volatility. In addition, fluctuations in interest rates may affect the value of assets under management in fixed income funds. 
 
 Performance Fees 
 
 USGIF advisory fees are comprised of two components: a base management fee and a performance fee. The performance fee is a fulcrum fee that is adjusted upwards or downwards by 0.25 percent when there is a performance difference of 5 percent or more between a fund s performance and that of its designated benchmark index over the prior rolling 12 months. This performance adjustment began to be phased out during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 and will cease during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. During the phase-out period, the adjustment for the performance fee can only be adjusted downward. 
 
 As a result, the Company s revenues are subject to volatility beyond market-based fluctuations discussed in the investment management and administrative services fees section above. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company realized a decrease in its USGIF base advisory fee of 103,000 and 112,000, respectively, due to these performance adjustments. 
 
 Corporate Investments 
 
 The Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets include substantial amounts of assets whose fair values are subject to market risk. The market risks are primarily associated with equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates. The fair values of corporate investments with exposure to the cryptocurrency industry are subject to considerable volatility. The Company s investment activities are reviewed and monitored by Company compliance personnel, and various reports are provided to certain investment advisory clients. Written procedures are in place to manage compliance with the code of ethics and other policies affecting the Company s investment practices. 
 
 Equity price risk 
 
 Due to the Company s investments in securities carried at fair value, equity price fluctuations represent a market risk factor affecting the Company s consolidated financial position. The carrying values of investments subject to equity price risks are based on quoted market prices or, if not actively traded, management s estimate of fair value as of the balance sheet date. Market prices fluctuate, and the amount realized in the subsequent sale of an investment may differ significantly from the reported fair value. 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s equity price risks in securities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2024, and shows the effects of a hypothetical 25 percent increase and a 25 percent decrease in market prices. 

Estimated Fair Value 

Estimated Increase 

Fair Value at 
 
 Hypothetical 
 
 After Hypothetical 

(Decrease) in 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 September 30, 2024 
 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Price Change 

Net Income (Loss) (1) 

Trading securities at fair value 

11,166 
 
 25 increase 

13,958 

2,205 

25 decrease 

8,375 

(2,205) 

Embedded derivatives at fair value (2) 

7 
 
 25 increase 

9 

1 

25 decrease 

5 

(1) 

1. 
 Changes in unrealized gains and losses on embedded derivatives and trading securities at fair value are included in earnings in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The estimated increase (decrease) is after income taxes at the statutory rate in effect as of the balance sheet date. 

2. 
 An embedded derivative and its related host contract represent one legal contract and are combined within the investments in available-for-sale debt securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Page 24

Table of Contents 

The selected hypothetical changes do not reflect what could be considered best- or worst-case scenarios. Results could be significantly different due to both the nature of markets and the concentration of the Company s investment portfolio. 
 
 The embedded derivatives subject to equity price risk shown in the above table are related to investments in convertible debentures of HIVE Digital Technologies Ltd. HIVE ). HIVE is discussed in more detail in Note 2, Investments, in the notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. HIVE is a company that is headquartered in Canada with cryptocurrency mining facilities in Iceland, Sweden and Canada. Cryptocurrency markets and related stocks have been, and are expected to continue to be, volatile. There is potential for significant volatility in the market price of HIVE, which could materially impact the investment s value included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and unrealized gain (loss) recognized in net investment income (loss). 
 
 Interest rate risk 
 
 Interest rate fluctuations present a market risk to the Company s consolidated financial position due to its investments in debt securities. These securities are sensitive to changes in interest rates, typically decreasing in value when rates rise and increasing when rates fall. Such fluctuations can materially impact the Company s debt securities included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, as well as the unrealized gains (losses) and interest income recognized in net investment income (loss). Additionally, changes in interest rates can significantly affect the interest income earned from the Company s cash and cash equivalents, also recognized in net investment income (loss). 
 
 Foreign currency risk 
 
 A portion of cash and certain corporate investments are held in foreign currencies, primarily Canadian. Adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates would lower the value of those cash accounts and corporate investments. Certain assets under management also have exposure to foreign currency fluctuations in various markets, which could have an impact on their valuation and thus the revenue received by the Company. 
 
 Indirect exposure to cryptocurrencies risk 
 
 Cryptocurrencies (also referred to as virtual currencies and digital currencies are digital assets that are designed to act as a medium of exchange. Although the Company has no current intention of directly investing in cryptocurrencies, the Company has indirect exposure to cryptocurrencies by investing in securities of issuers with exposure to the cryptocurrency industry. Cryptocurrencies (some of the most well-known include Bitcoin and Ethereum) are not backed by any government, corporation, or other identified body. Trading markets for cryptocurrencies are often unregulated and may be more exposed to operational or technical issues as well as the potential for fraud or manipulation than established, regulated exchanges for securities, derivatives and traditional currencies. 
 
 Cryptocurrencies have been subject to significant fluctuations in value. The value of a cryptocurrency may significantly fluctuate precipitously (including declining to zero) and unpredictably for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to: investor perceptions and expectations; regulatory changes; general economic conditions; adoption and use in the retail and commercial marketplace; public opinion regarding the environmental impact of the creation minting or mining of cryptocurrency; confidence in, and the maintenance and development of, its network and open-source software protocols such as blockchain for ensuring the integrity of cryptocurrency transactional data; and general risks tied to the use of information technologies, including cybersecurity risks. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024, due to the existence of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below (which we view as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures). 
 
 The material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting that was disclosed in our annual report on Form 10-K as of and for the year ended June 30, 2024, was also present as of September 30, 2024. Notwithstanding the material weakness, we believe that the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of the date, and for the period, presented, in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Other than as described above, there has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Page 25

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 For a discussion of risk factors which could affect the Company, please refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. There have been no material changes since the fiscal year end to the risk factors listed therein. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(dollars in thousands, except price data) 

Total Number 

Total Number of Shares 

Approximate Dollar Value 

of Shares 

Total Amount 

Average Price 

Purchased as Part of 

of Shares that May Yet Be 

Period 

Purchased (1) 

Purchased 

Paid Per Share (2) 

Publicly Announced Plan (3) 

Purchased Under the Plan 

07-01-24 to 07-31-24 

81,235 

216 

2.66 

81,235 

3,768 

08-01-24 to 08-31-24 

67,946 

178 

2.61 

67,946 

3,590 

09-01-24 to 09-30-24 

48,706 

126 

2.58 

48,706 

4,916 

Total 

197,887 

520 

2.63 

197,887 

1. 
 The Board of Directors of the Company approved on December 7, 2012, and has renewed annually, repurchases of up to 2.75 million in each of calendar years 2013 through 2022 of its outstanding class A common stock from time to time on the open market in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations. On February 25, 2022, the Company announced that the Board of Directors of the Company approved an increase to the limit of its annual share buyback program from 2.75 million to 5.0 million. The Board of Directors of the Company approved and has renewed annually, repurchases of up to 5.0 million in each calendar years 2023 through 2024. On September 19, 2024, the Company announced that the Board of Directors of the Company approved an update authorizing the repurchase of up to 5.0 million of its outstanding common shares between September 13, 2024, and December 31, 2024. 

2. 
 The average price paid per share of stock repurchased under the stock repurchase program includes the commissions paid to brokers. 

3. 
 The total amount of shares that may be repurchased in 2024 under the program is 6.5 million. 

Page 26

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

1. Exhibits 

31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications (under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), included herein. 

32.1 
 Section 1350 Certifications (under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002), included herein. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Page 27

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereto duly authorized. 

U.S. GLOBAL INVESTORS, INC. 

DATED: 
 November 7, 2024 
 BY: /s/ Frank E. Holmes 

Frank E. Holmes 

Chief Executive Officer 

DATED: 
 November 7, 2024 
 BY: /s/ Lisa C. Callicotte 

Lisa C. Callicotte 

Chief Financial Officer 

Page 28

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_724112.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_724112.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 - Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications 

 (under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Frank E. Holmes, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of U.S. Global Investors, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2024 

/s/ Frank E. Holmes 

Frank E. Holmes 

Chief Executive Officer 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications 

 (under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Lisa C. Callicotte, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of U.S. Global Investors, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2024 

/s/ Lisa C. Callicotte 

Lisa C. Callicotte 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex_724113.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_724113.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications 

 (under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of U.S. Global Investors, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Frank E. Holmes, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify to my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 7, 2024 

/s/ Frank E. Holmes 
			Frank E. Holmes 
			Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of the written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and will be retained by U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Section 1350 Certifications 

 (under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of U.S. Global Investors, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Lisa C. Callicotte, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify to my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 7, 2024 

/s/ Lisa C. Callicotte 
			Lisa C. Callicotte 
			Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of the written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and will be retained by U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 grow-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 grow-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 grow-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 grow-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 grow-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

