<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1576280_0001576280-24-000261.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8562738</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>136181</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1477443</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3011311</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1977943</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1781214</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001576280-24-000261.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106171245
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001576280-24-000261
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Guardant Health, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001576280
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				454139254
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38683
		FILM NUMBER:		241432183

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3100 HANOVER STREET
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94304
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-698-8887

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3100 HANOVER STREET
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94304

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001576280-24-000261.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 gh-20240930.htm
 10-Q

gh-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 _____________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 _____________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 _____________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 _______________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 1, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, outstanding. 

GUARDANT HEALTH, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Page Item 1. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 8 
 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 48 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 50 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 50 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 50 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 50 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 50 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 50 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 51 
 Signatures 
 52 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are based on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections as well as the current beliefs and assumptions of our management, including about our business, our financial condition, our results of operations, our cash flows, and the industry and environment in which we operate. Statements that include words such as believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, would, could, should, intend and expect, variations of these words, and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and in other reports we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. While forward-looking statements are based on the reasonable expectations of our management at the time that they are made, you should not rely on them. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 
 Each of the terms the Company, we, our, us and similar terms used herein refer collectively to Guardant Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Guardant Health, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS 
 Current assets: 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Short-term marketable debt securities 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Inventory, net 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net 
 Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Right-of-use assets, net 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Goodwill 
 Other assets, net 
 Total Assets 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable Accrued compensation 
 Accrued expenses 
 Deferred revenue 
 Total current liabilities 
 Convertible senior notes, net Long-term operating lease liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total Liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 
 per share; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value of per share; shares authorized as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit 
 ) ) Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Guardant Health, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Precision oncology testing 
 Development services and other Total revenue 
 Costs and operating expenses: 
 Cost of precision oncology testing Cost of development services and other Research and development expense Sales and marketing expense General and administrative expense Total costs and operating expenses 
 Loss from operations 
 ) ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Loss before provision for income taxes 
 ) ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Guardant Health, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income: 
 Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Guardant Health, Inc. 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) Equity (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Deficit Shares Amount Balance as of July 1, 2024 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Taxes paid related to net share settlement of restricted stock units ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance as of July 1, 2023 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Taxes paid related to net share settlement of restricted stock units ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 6 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Balance as of January 1, 2024 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Taxes paid related to net share settlement of restricted stock units ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance as of January 1, 2023 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock in public offering, net of offering costs of 
 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Taxes paid related to net share settlement of restricted stock units ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Guardant Health, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
 Net loss 
 ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Operating lease costs 
 Stock-based compensation Amortization of debt issuance costs Amortization of discount on marketable debt securities ) ) Unrealized and realized losses (gains) on marketable equity securities ) Impairment of non-marketable equity securities and other related assets Other Cash effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net Inventory, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net ) ) Other assets, net ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue Net cash used in operating activities ) ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
 Purchases of marketable debt securities ) ) Maturities of marketable debt securities Sales of marketable equity securities Purchases of non-marketable equity securities and other related assets ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuances of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Taxes paid related to net share settlement of restricted stock units ) ) Proceeds from follow-on public offering Payment of offering costs related to follow-on public offering ) Other ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash End of period 
 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash included in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Guardant Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 

2. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

million, included in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets, of which substantially all was related to cash held as collateral under surety bond requirements related to the intellectual property dispute with TwinStrand Biosciences, Inc. and the University of Washington, as described in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Proceedings to the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are included in other assets, net on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Non-marketable securities are recorded at cost, subject to periodic impairment reviews and adjustments for observable price changes from orderly transactions. The Company's evaluation of impairment of such non-marketable securities is based on adverse changes in market conditions and the regulatory or economic environment; qualitative and quantitative analysis of the operating performance and financial condition of the investee; changes in operating structure or management of the investee; and additional funding requirements of the investee. As a result of the evaluation, for one of its non-marketable equity security investments, the Company recorded an impairment of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, included in other income (expense), net on the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. In addition, in connection with the investment in non-marketable securities purchased by the Company, the Company acquired rights to purchase the investee at a pre-determined price subject to additional adjustments based on the performance of the investee, on or before December 31, 2022. In September 2022, the Company decided not to exercise such rights to purchase the investee and recorded an impairment of million for the year ended December 31, 2022, included in other income (expense), net on the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, included in other income (expense), net on the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 other impairment or downward adjustments to the carrying value of the Company's non-marketable securities have been otherwise recorded. 
 Customer B 
 Customer C 
 
 less than 10 
 million and million, respectively. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 The Company recorded immaterial credit losses related to its accounts receivable for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 
 segment, which is considered to be the sole reporting unit and, therefore, goodwill is tested for impairment at the enterprise level. As of September 30, 2024, there has been impairment of goodwill. 
 Intangible assets with finite useful lives are carried at cost, net of accumulated amortization. The Company does not have intangible assets with indefinite useful lives other than goodwill. Amortization is recorded on a straight-line basis over the intangible asset's useful life, which is approximately years. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 13 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, as revenue related to performance obligations satisfied in prior periods. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, as revenue related to performance obligations satisfied in prior periods. 
 Contracts with multiple performance obligations 
 Contracts with biopharmaceutical customers and international laboratory partners may include multiple distinct performance obligations, such as provision of precision oncology testing, the above-mentioned development services, and digital sequencing technology licensing, among others. The Company evaluates the terms and conditions included within its contracts with biopharmaceutical customers and international laboratory partners to ensure appropriate revenue recognition, including whether services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together. The Company first identifies material promises, in contrast to immaterial promises or administrative tasks, under the contract, and then evaluates whether these promises are both capable of being distinct and distinct within the context of the contract. In assessing whether a promised service is capable of being distinct, the Company considers whether the customer could benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer, including factors such as the research, development, and commercialization capabilities of a third party as well as the availability of the associated expertise in the general marketplace. In assessing whether a promised service is distinct within the context of the contract, the Company considers whether it provides a significant integration of the services, whether the services significantly modify or customize one another, or whether the services are highly interdependent or interrelated. 
 For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. The Company determines standalone selling price by considering the historical selling price of these performance obligations in similar transactions as well as other factors, including, but not limited to, the price that customers in the market would be willing to pay, competitive pricing of other vendors, industry publications and current pricing practices, and expected costs of satisfying each performance obligation plus appropriate margin; or by using the residual approach if standalone selling price is not observable, by reference to the total transaction price less the sum of the observable standalone selling prices of other performance obligations promised in the contract. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of which million and million was considered long-term and recorded within other long-term liabilities on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. Revenue recognized in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2023 was million, and revenue recognized in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2022 was million, respectively. 
 Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations 
 Transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue and non-cancelable amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenues in future periods. The Company expects to recognize substantially all of the remaining transaction price in the next - years. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 16 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Computer hardware 
 Construction in progress 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 Computer software 
 Property and equipment, gross 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 Accrued Expenses 
 Contingent consideration arrangements Other 
 Total accrued expenses 

4. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Income deposit funds U.S. government debt securities 
 Total cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 U.S. government debt securities 
 Total short-term marketable debt securities 
 Short-term marketable equity securities 
 Total 
 Financial Liabilities: 
 Contingent consideration 
 Total 
 
 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (in thousands) Financial Assets: 
 Money market funds 
 Total cash equivalents 
 U.S. government debt securities 
 Total short-term marketable debt securities 
 Long-term marketable equity securities 
 Total 
 Financial Liabilities: 
 Contingent consideration 
 Total 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 -year lock-up period from Lunit's IPO date, during which the Company shall not transfer Lunit's shares between accounts, establish or cancel pledges, sell, or withdraw such shares, without approval from the Korea Exchange. In November 2023, Lunit issued bonus shares to its existing shareholders by allocating one new share for each existing share, and the Company was subject to the same lock-up period with the same restrictions for these bonus shares which expired in July 2024. In the third quarter of 2024, the Company sold a portion of its investment in Lunit. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance of the investment in Lunit was million and million, included in prepaid expenses and other current assets, net, and other assets, net, respectively, on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. In addition, the Company recorded million and million unrealized losses during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, on the investment in Lunit held as of September 30, 2024, and recorded million and million unrealized gains during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, on the investment in Lunit held as of September 30, 2023, included in other income (expense), net on the Company's condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the periods presented. 
 Acquisition-related contingent consideration is measured at fair value on a quarterly basis and changes in estimated contingent consideration to be paid are included in general and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration is estimated using a multiple-outcome discounted cash flow valuation technique. Contingent consideration is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, as it is based on a probability that includes significant unobservable inputs. The significant unobservable inputs include a probability-weighted estimate of achievement of certain commercialization milestones, and discount rate to present value the expected payments. A significant change in any of these input factors in isolation could have a material impact to fair value measurement. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company's acquisition-related contingent consideration liability was million and million, respectively, of which million and million was considered long-term and recorded within other long-term liabilities on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Increase in fair value 
 Fair value end of period 
 The Company considers the fair value of the Convertible Notes as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, to be a Level 2 measurement. The fair value of the Convertible Notes is primarily affected by the trading price of the Company's common stock and market interest rates. As such, the carrying value of the Convertible Notes does not reflect the market rate. See Note 6, Debt , for additional information related to the fair value of the Convertible Notes. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Income deposit funds U.S. government debt securities 
 ) Total 
 ) 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gain Gross Unrealized Loss Estimated Fair Value (in thousands) Money market funds 
 U.S. government debt securities 
 ) Total 
 ) 
 None of the Company s marketable debt securities had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than one year as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 material realized gains or losses on marketable debt securities for the periods presented. In addition, there has been recognition of credit losses on marketable debt securities for the periods presented. 
 
 5. 
 ) Non-compete agreements and other covenant rights 
 ) Acquired technology ) Total intangible assets subject to amortization 
 ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization: Goodwill Total purchased intangible assets 
 ) 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 ) Non-compete agreements and other covenant rights 
 ) Acquired technology ) Total intangible assets subject to amortization 
 ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization: Goodwill Total purchased intangible assets 
 ) 
 Amortization of finite-lived intangible assets was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter 
 Total 
 
 6. 
 billion principal amount of its Convertible Senior Notes due 2027, or the 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes do not bear interest, and the principal amount of the Notes will not accrete. However, special interest and additional interest may accrue on the 2027 Notes at a rate per annum not exceeding (subject to certain exceptions) upon the occurrence of certain events such as the failure to file certain reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, or to remove certain restrictive legends from the Notes. The Notes will mature on November 15, 2027, unless repurchased, redeemed or converted earlier. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 of the conversion price for each of at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, or the sale price condition; 
 during the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period, or the measurement period, if the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of the Notes for each trading day of the measurement period is less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company's common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; or 
 upon the occurrence of specified corporate events 
 From and after August 15, 2027, holders of the 2027 Notes may convert their 2027 Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. 
 The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at the Company s election. 
 The initial conversion rate is 7.1523 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2027 Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. 
 The Company may not redeem the 2027 Notes at its option at any time before November 20, 2024. The Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Company s option at any time, and from time to time, on or after November 20, 2024 and on or before the 25th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid special interest and additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date, but only if the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds of the conversion price on (i) each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. 
 If certain corporate events that constitute a Fundamental Change occur, then, subject to a limited exception for certain cash mergers, holders of Notes may require the Company to repurchase their 2027 Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the 2027 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest and additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Company s common stock. 
 Since the 2027 Notes were not convertible as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the net carrying amount of the 2027 Notes was classified as a long-term liability. 
 Less: debt issuance costs, net of amortization ) ) Net carrying amount 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. The fair value was determined based on the closing trading price per of the 2027 Notes as of the last day of trading for the period. 
 The interest expense recognized in relation to amortization of debt issuance costs was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which represented an effective interest rate of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 Note Hedges 
 To minimize the impact of potential economic dilution upon conversion of the 2027 Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedge transactions, or the 2027 Note Hedges, with respect to its common stock concurrent with the issuance of the Notes. The 2027 Note Hedges cover, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of common stock initially underlying the Notes. The strike price of the 2027 Note Hedges will initially be approximately per share, which represents a premium of over the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock of per share on November 16, 2020, and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the 2027 Note Hedges. 
 The 2027 Note Hedges will expire upon maturity of the 2027 Notes. The 2027 Note Hedges are separate transactions and are not part of the terms of the 2027 Notes. Holders of the 2027 Notes will not have any rights with respect to the 2027 Note Hedges. The shares receivable related to the 2027 Note Hedges are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as they are anti-dilutive. 
 As these transactions meet certain accounting criteria, the 2027 Note Hedges are recorded in stockholders equity and are not accounted for as derivatives. The Company paid an aggregate amount of million for the 2027 Note Hedges, which has been recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital and will not be remeasured. 
 
 7. 
 to years, some of which include one or more options to renew. As leases approach maturity, the Company considers various factors such as market conditions and the terms of any renewal options that may exist to determine whether it will renew the lease, as such, the Company does not include renewal options in its lease terms for calculating its lease liability, as the renewal options allow it to maintain operational flexibility and the Company is not reasonably certain it will exercise these renewal options at the time of the lease commencement. 
 Operating lease expense was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, which includes both lease and non-lease components (primarily common area maintenance charges and property taxes). 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter 
 Total operating lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 Finance leases are not material to the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 of the Company s patents. Discovery in the case has concluded. In October 2023, the District Court dismissed with prejudice TwinStrand s infringement claims related to U.S. Patent Nos. 10,689,699 and 10,752,951. 
 On November 14, 2023, a jury verdict was entered in favor of TwinStrand Biosciences and the University of Washington and against the Company. The jury found that the Company willfully infringed U.S. Patent Nos. 10,287,631 and 10,760,127, and awarded TwinStrand Biosciences and the University of Washington million in damages, representing a royalty on past sales. As a result, the Company recorded a liability of million in the fourth quarter of 2023, which was reflected as a charge to other operating expense on its consolidated statements of operations, and as a component of other long-term liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets. Post-trial motions were filed on March 4, 2024, where the Company moved to overturn the jury s verdict, seek a new trial, and/or amend the judgment, and TwinStrand Biosciences moved for enhanced damages based on the jury's finding of willful infringement, pre- and post-judgment interest, and a go-forward running royalty. A hearing date has not yet been set on the post-trial motions. The Company strongly disagrees with the jury verdict and will vigorously contest the verdict and judgment through post-trial motions in the District Court, and if needed, through appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. 
 On August 1, 2023, the Company publicly announced that it entered into a Collaboration and Settlement Agreement, or the Collaboration Agreement, with Illumina, Inc., or Illumina. Under the terms of the Collaboration Agreement, the parties have agreed to extend their long-standing commercial relationship by agreeing to collaborate on the sharing of specimen samples in order to advance cancer research, and by entering into a new long-term purchase and supply commitment. Furthermore, the parties agreed to dismiss with prejudice the March 2022 lawsuit filed by Illumina in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, Illumina, Inc. v. Guardant Health, Inc. et al , Case No. 1:22-cv-00334-GBW-CJB, including any allegations related to the subject intellectual property. 
 On June 11, 2024, the Company filed a patent infringement suit against Tempus AI, Inc., or Tempus, in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that Tempus infringes U.S. Patent Nos. 11,149,306; 9,902,992; 10,501,810; 10,793,916; and 11,643,693. The Company is seeking an injunction to stop Tempus infringement and compensatory damages. The case Guardant Health, Inc. v. Tempus AI, Inc. , Case No. 1:24-cv-00687, has been assigned to Judge Richard Andrews and does not yet have a scheduling order. On October 21, 2024, Tempus moved to dismiss the Company s suit alleging that some of the asserted patents were invalid. The Company disagrees and will be responding accordingly. 
 False Advertising Dispute 
 In May 2021, the Company also filed a lawsuit against Natera, Inc., or Natera, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, wherein the Company alleged that Natera is misleading healthcare providers about the performance of the Company s new oncology test, Guardant Reveal, by suggesting the test is inaccurate and/or insensitive, and inferior to Natera s Signatera assay. The Company is seeking an injunction to prevent Natera from continuing to make false and misleading statements and to require Natera to take corrective actions. Natera has asserted counterclaims of false and misleading statements, false advertising, unlawful trade practices and unfair competition. The Company moved to dismiss Natera s counterclaims, and in January 2022, the court granted in part and denied in part the Company's motion to dismiss. The Company and Natera have both moved for summary judgment on various claims, with the court granting in part non-dispositive motions brought by each party. Trial is scheduled to commence in November 2024. 
 Civil Investigative Demand 
 In January 2022, the Company received a Civil Investigative Demand, or CID, from the United States Attorney for the Northern District of California in connection with an investigation under the False Claims Act. The CID requests information and documents regarding billing of government-funded programs for the Company s panel of genetic tests known as Guardant360. The Company is fully cooperating with the investigation. At this time, the Company is unable to predict the outcome of this investigation. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 dividends on the Company's common stock had been declared by the Board of Directors. 
 Shares underlying unvested restricted stock units 
 Shares underlying unvested market-based restricted stock units Shares underlying unvested performance-based restricted stock units Shares available for issuance under the 2018 Incentive Award Plan Shares available for issuance under the 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Shares available for issuance under the 2023 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan 
 Total 
 Equity Offering 
 In May 2023, the Company completed a follow-on underwritten public offering, in which it issued and sold shares of its common stock at a price of per share, and received net proceeds of million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs of million. In December 2023, the Company completed a registered direct offering with an investment management firm, in which it issued and sold shares of its common stock at a price of per share, and received net proceeds of million. 
 At-The-Market Offering Program 
 In August 2024, the Company entered into an Open Market Sales Agreement, or the Sales Agreement, with Jefferies LLC, or the Agent, with respect to an at-the-market offering program under which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time at its sole discretion, shares of its common stock, having aggregate gross proceeds of up to million through the Agent, subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, shares of the Company's common stock were sold under the Sales Agreement. 
 
 10. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 2018 Plan annual increase (1) 
 Granted ) Exercised ) Canceled ) Restricted stock units granted 
 ) Restricted stock units canceled 
 Market-based restricted stock units canceled Performance-based restricted stock units granted ) Performance-based restricted stock units adjusted for performance achievement ) Performance-based restricted stock units canceled Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Vested and Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) Effective as of January 1, 2024, an additional shares of common stock became available for issuance under the 2018 Plan, as a result of the operation of an automatic annual increase provision therein. 
 Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the estimated fair value of the underlying common stock and the exercise price of outstanding, in-the-money options. The total intrinsic value of the options exercised was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted was and per share for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and and per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 Future stock-based compensation for unvested options as of September 30, 2024 was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested and released ) Canceled ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Future stock-based compensation for unvested restricted stock units as of September 30, 2024 was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Performance-based Restricted Stock Units 
 Since November 2020, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors started to approve, and the Company started to grant performance-based restricted stock units, or PSUs, to its employees and non-employees. The PSUs granted consist of financial and/or operational metrics to be met over a performance period of approximately to years and an additional service period requirement of up to years after the performance metrics are met. In addition, granted units might be adjusted when certain performance metrics are met. The PSUs are expected to be expensed over a period of approximately to years subject to meeting the respective performance metrics and service requirements. 
 In November 2020 and May 2021, and as part of these PSU programs, the Company granted PSUs consisting of a performance period of years combined with an additional service period requirement of should the vesting criteria be met, with a grant date fair value of per share and per share, respectively. Before the third quarter of 2024, compensation expense for these PSUs had been recorded since the achievement of the performance metrics did not meet the criteria for accrual. In the third quarter of 2024, the performance metrics of these PSUs were considered to be achieved; as such the Company recorded a cumulative charge of million in stock-based compensation expense related to these PSUs, based on shares granted with fair values of per share and per share. 
 Granted Vested and released ) Adjusted for performance achievement Canceled ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Stock-based compensation recorded for the PSUs was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Future stock-based compensation for unvested PSUs that are probable to vest as of September 30, 2024 was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 market-based restricted stock units, or MSUs, under the 2018 Plan to each of the Company's Co-Chief Executive Officers, which is subject to the achievement of market-based share price goals established by the Board of Directors. The MSUs consist of separate tranches and the vesting of each tranche is subject to the Company's common stock closing price being maintained at or above a predetermined share price goal for a period of consecutive calendar days. The grant date fair values of the MSUs were determined using a Monte Carlo valuation model for each tranche. The related stock-based compensation expense for each tranche was recognized based on an accelerated attribution method over the estimated derived service period, which was the median duration of the successful stock price paths to meet the price goal for each tranche as simulated in the Monte Carlo valuation model. 
 On January 1, 2021, Tranche 1 of the MSUs became vested because it had met both service requirement and market-based performance metrics. All three tranches of the MSUs were fully expensed as of June 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2023, shares of the MSUs, with a weighted-average grant date fair value of per share, were outstanding under the 2018 Plan. In March 2024, the Board of Directors approved to cancel the unvested MSUs and concurrently approved to grant new awards to the Co-Chief Executive Officers, which was accounted for as a modification, however no stock-based compensation expense was reversed as the Company's Co-Chief Executive Officers had fulfilled the service requirement. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Cost of development services and other Research and development expense 
 Sales and marketing expense 
 General and administrative expense 
 Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 Valuation of Stock Options 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

The determination of the fair value of stock options on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the estimated fair value of common stock of the Company, as well as assumptions regarding a number of variables that are complex, subjective and generally require significant judgment to determine. The valuation assumptions were determined as follows: 
 Fair Value of Common Stock 
 The fair value of the Company s common stock is determined by the closing price, on the date of grant, of its common stock, which is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In September 2018, the Company s Board of Directors adopted and its stockholders approved the 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the ESPP. A total of shares of common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. Effective as of January 1, 2020, March 2, 2023 and February 23, 2024, an additional , and shares of common stock became available for issuance under the ESPP. 
 Subject to any plan limitations, the ESPP allows eligible employees to contribute, normally through payroll deductions, up to of their earnings for the purchase of the Company s common stock at a discounted price per share. The price at which common stock is purchased under the ESPP is equal to of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the first or last day of the offering period, whichever is lower. The ESPP provides for separate offering periods beginning on May 15 and November 15 of each year. 
 Shares of common stock purchased under the ESPP were for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 The grant date fair value of the stock purchase right granted under the ESPP was estimated on the first day of each offering period using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The valuation assumptions used were substantially consistent with the assumption used to value stock options with the exception of the expected term which was based on the term of each purchase period. 
 stock purchase rights were granted under the ESPP for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 

Expected volatility 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

30 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP was million, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining term of the offering period of years. 
 
 11.) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 Since the Company was in a loss position for all periods presented, basic net loss per share is the same as diluted net loss per share, as the inclusion of all potential shares of common stock outstanding would have been anti-dilutive. 
 Restricted stock units MSUs PSUs ESPP obligation Convertible senior notes Total 
 
 12. 
 
 13. 
 operating segment. The Company's chief operating decision makers are its Co-Chief Executive Officers, who review financial information presented on a consolidated basis for the purposes of making operating decisions, assessing financial performance and allocating resources. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 International Total revenue 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, and , respectively, of the Company s long-lived assets and right-of-use assets are located in the United States. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This discussion and other parts of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contain forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, beliefs, expectations and intentions. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leading precision oncology company focused on guarding wellness and giving every person more time free from cancer. We are transforming patient care by providing critical insights into what drives disease through our advanced blood and tissue tests, and real-world data. Our tests help improve outcomes across all stages of care, including screening to find cancer early, monitoring for recurrence in early-stage cancer, and helping doctors select the best treatment for patients with advanced cancer. For patients with advanced-stage cancer, we have commercially launched Guardant360 laboratory developed test, or LDT, and Guardant360 CDx, the first comprehensive liquid biopsy test approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, to provide tumor mutation profiling with solid tumors and to be used as a companion diagnostic in connection with non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLC, and breast cancer. We have also launched the Guardant360 TissueNext tissue test for advanced-stage cancer, Guardant Reveal blood test to detect residual and recurring disease in early-stage colorectal, breast and lung cancer patients, and Guardant360 Response blood test to predict patient response to immunotherapy or targeted therapy eight weeks earlier than current standard-of-care imaging. 
 We also collaborate with biopharmaceutical companies in clinical studies by providing the above-mentioned tests, as well as the GuardantOMNI blood test for advanced-stage cancer, and the GuardantINFINITY blood test, a next-generation smart liquid biopsy that provides new, multi-dimensional insights into the complexities of tumor molecular profiles and immune response to advance cancer research and therapy development. Using data collected from our tests, we have also developed our GuardantINFORM platform to help biopharmaceutical companies accelerate precision oncology drug development through the use of this in-silico research platform to unlock further insights into tumor evolution and treatment resistance across various biomarker-driven cancers. 
 For early cancer detection, in May 2022, we launched the Shield LDT test to address the needs of individuals eligible for colorectal cancer screening. From a simple blood draw, Shield uses a novel multimodal approach to detect colorectal cancer signals in the bloodstream, including DNA that is shed by tumors. In December 2022, we announced that the ECLIPSE study, a registrational study evaluating the performance of our Shield blood test for detecting colorectal cancer in average-risk adults, met co-primary endpoints. In addition, in March 2023, we submitted a premarket approval application, or PMA, for our Shield blood test to the FDA. In July 2024, we received FDA approval of our Shield blood test for colorectal cancer screening in adults age 45 and older who are at average risk for the disease, and in August 2024, our Shield blood test became commercially available in the U.S. as the first blood test approved by the FDA for primary colorectal cancer screening, meaning healthcare providers can offer Shield in a manner similar to all other non-invasive methods recommended in screening guidelines. Shield is also the first blood test for colorectal cancer screening that meets coverage requirements by Medicare. We also expect to expand into lung and multi-cancer screening with our investigational, next-generation Shield assay. 
 We currently perform clinical, research use only, and investigation use only tests in our laboratory located in Redwood City, California. Our Redwood City laboratory is certified pursuant to the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988, or CLIA, accredited by the College of American Pathologists, or CAP, permitted by the New York State Department of Health, or NYSDOH, and licensed in California and four other states. We also perform research use only tests in our laboratory located in San Diego, California. In addition, our Redwood City, San Diego and Palo Alto, California laboratories are currently operated as centers for our research and technology development. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 We generated total revenue of 191.5 million and 143.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and 537.2 million and 408.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We also incurred net losses of 107.8 million and 86.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and 325.4 million and 292.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We have funded our operations to date principally from the sale of our stock, convertible senior notes, and revenue from our precision oncology testing and development services and other. In May 2023, we completed a follow-on underwritten public offering, in which we issued and sold 14,375,000 shares of our common stock at a price of 28.00 per share and received net proceeds of 381.4 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs of 21.1 million. In December 2023, we completed a registered direct offering with an investment management firm, in which we issued and sold 3,387,446 shares of our common stock at a price of 26.77 per share, and received net proceeds of 90.6 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and marketable debt securities of approximately 1.0 billion. 
 
 Factors affecting our performance 
 We believe there are several important factors that have impacted and that we expect will impact our operating performance and results of operations, including: 
 Testing volume, pricing and customer mix. Our revenue and costs are affected by the volume of testing and mix of customers from period to period. We evaluate both the volume of tests that we perform for patients on behalf of clinicians and the number of tests we perform for biopharmaceutical companies. Our performance depends on our ability to retain and broaden adoption with existing customers, as well as attract new customers. We believe that the test volume we receive from clinicians and biopharmaceutical companies are indicators of growth in each of these customer verticals. Customer mix for our tests has the potential to significantly affect our results of operations, as the average selling price for biopharmaceutical sample testing is currently higher than our average reimbursement for clinical tests because we are not a contracted provider for, or our tests are not covered by clinical patients insurance for, the majority of the tests that we perform for patients on behalf of clinicians. Precision oncology revenue from clinical tests for patients covered by Medicare represented approximately 38 and 45 of our precision oncology revenue from clinical customers for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and approximately 40 and 44 of our precision oncology revenue from clinical customers for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 Payer coverage and reimbursement . Our revenue depends on achieving broad coverage and reimbursement for our tests from third-party payers, including both commercial and government payers. Precision oncology revenue from tests for clinical customers is calculated based on our expected cash collections, using the estimated variable consideration. The variable consideration is estimated based on historical collection patterns as well as the potential for changes in future reimbursement behavior by one or more payers. Estimation of the impact of the potential for changes in reimbursement requires significant judgment and considers payers' past patterns of changes in reimbursement as well as any stated plans to implement changes. Any cash collections over the expected reimbursement period exceeding the estimated variable consideration are recorded in future periods based on actual cash received. Payment from commercial payers can vary depending on whether we have entered into a contract with the payers as a participating provider or do not have a contract and are considered a non-participating provider . Payers often reimburse non-participating providers, if at all, at a lower amount than participating providers. Because we are not contracted with these payers, they determine the amount that they are willing to reimburse us for any of our tests and they can prospectively and retrospectively adjust the amount of reimbursement, adding to the complexity in estimating the variable consideration. When we contract with a payer to serve as a participating provider, reimbursements by the payer are generally made pursuant to a negotiated fee schedule and are limited to only covered indications or where prior approval has been obtained. Becoming a participating provider can result in higher reimbursement amounts for covered uses of our tests and, potentially, no reimbursement for non-covered uses identified under the payer s policies or the contract. As a result, the potential for more favorable reimbursement associated with becoming a participating provider may be offset by a potential loss of reimbursement for non-covered uses of our tests. Current Procedural Terminology, or CPT, coding plays a significant role in how our tests are reimbursed both from commercial and governmental payers. In addition, Z-Code Identifiers are used by certain payers, including under Medicare's Molecular Diagnostic Services Program, or MolDx, to supplement CPT codes for our molecular diagnostics tests. Changes to the codes used to report to payers may result in significant changes in its reimbursement. If their policies were to change in the future to cover additional cancer indications, we anticipate that our total reimbursement would increase. In January 2021, a proprietary laboratory analyses, or PLA code was issued for our Guardant360 CDx with an effective date in April 2021. Additionally, based on this new PLA code, we applied to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, for our Guardant360 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 CDx test to become an advanced diagnostic laboratory test, or ADLT. In March 2021, CMS approved ADLT status to the Guardant360 CDx test, based on which Medicare paid us at the lowest available commercial rate per test, from April 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021. Effective January 1, 2022, Medicare started to reimburse Guardant360 CDx services at the median rate of claims paid by commercial payers. In March 2022, Palmetto GBA, the Medicare administrative contractor for MolDX, conveyed coverage for our Guardant360 TissueNext test under the existing local coverage determination. The policy covers our Guardant360 TissueNext test for Medicare fee-for-service patients with advanced solid tumor cancers. In July 2022, Palmetto GBA conveyed coverage for our Guardant Reveal test for fee-for-service Medicare patients in the United States with stage II or III colorectal cancer whose testing is initiated within three months following curative intent therapy, with an effective date of December 2021. In April 2023, Palmetto GBA conveyed coverage for our Guardant360 Response test for fee-for-service Medicare patients in the U.S. with metastatic or inoperable solid tumors who are on an immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy, tested four to ten weeks from therapy initiation. Effective January 1, 2024, Medicare has increased the reimbursement rate for our Guardant360 LDT test to the same rate as our Guardant360 CDx test. 
 In August 2024, following the FDA approval, our Shield blood test met the coverage requirements by Medicare based on the criteria established in its National Coverage Determination for blood-based colorectal cancer screening tests. The test is covered once every three years for eligible Medicare beneficiaries. 
 Due to the inherent variability and unpredictability of the reimbursement landscape, including related to the amount that payers reimburse us for any of our tests, we estimate the amount of revenue to be recognized at the time a test is provided and record revenue adjustments if and when the cash subsequently received differs from the revenue recorded. Due to this variability and unpredictability, previously recorded revenue adjustments are not indicative of future revenue adjustments from actual cash collections, which may fluctuate significantly. Additionally, if coding changes were to occur, payments for certain uses of our tests could be reduced, put on hold, or eliminated. This variability and unpredictability could increase the risk of future revenue reversal and result in our failing to meet any previously publicly stated guidance we may provide. 
 Biopharmaceutical customers. Our revenue also depends on our ability to attract, maintain and expand relationships with biopharmaceutical customers. As we continue to develop these relationships, we expect to support a growing number of clinical studies globally and continue to have opportunities to offer our platform to such customers for development services, including companion diagnostic development, novel target discovery and validation, as well as clinical study enrollment. For example, our tests are being developed as companion diagnostics under collaborations with biopharmaceutical companies. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development. A significant aspect of our business is our investment in research and development, including the development of new products. In particular, we have invested heavily in clinical studies as we believe these studies are critical to gaining physician adoption and driving favorable coverage decisions by payers. With respect to Guardant Reveal, in October 2021, we initiated a 1,000-patient prospective, observational, multi-center study, which we refer to as the ORACLE study, designed to evaluate the performance of our Guardant Reveal liquid biopsy test to predict cancer recurrence after curative intent treatment, across 11 solid tumor types. In addition, with respect to Guardant Reveal, in December 2022, we entered into a partnership with Susan G. Komen , the world s leading breast cancer organization, to bring the patient perspective to the development of clinical studies that help identify early-stage breast cancer patients who are at high risk of disease recurrence and may benefit from additional monitoring or therapy. With respect to Shield, in December 2022, we announced that the ECLIPSE study, a registrational study evaluating the performance of our Shield blood test for detecting colorectal cancer in average-risk adults, met co-primary endpoints. The test demonstrated 83 sensitivity in detecting individuals with colorectal cancer. Specificity was 90 in both individuals without advanced neoplasia and in those who had a negative colonoscopy result. These results exceed the performance criteria set forth by the CMS for reimbursement. This test also demonstrated 13 sensitivity in detecting advanced adenomas. Based on these study results, in March 2023, we submitted a PMA to the FDA for our Shield blood test. In July 2024, we received FDA approval of our Shield blood test for colorectal cancer screening in adults age 45 and older who are at average risk for the disease, and in August 2024, our Shield blood test became commercially available in the U.S. as the first blood test approved by the FDA for primary colorectal cancer screening, meaning healthcare providers can offer Shield in a manner similar to all other non-invasive methods recommended in screening guidelines. Shield is also the first blood test for colorectal cancer screening that meets coverage requirements by Medicare. In addition, to evaluate the performance of our investigational, next-generation Shield assay in detecting lung cancer in high-risk individuals ages 50-80, in January 2022, we initiated a nearly 10,000-patient prospective, registrational study, which we refer to as the SHIELD LUNG study. We have expended considerable resources, and expect to increase such expenditures over the next few years, to support our research and development programs with the goal of fueling further innovation. 
 International expansion. A component of our long-term growth strategy is to expand our commercial footprint internationally, and we expect to increase our sales and marketing expense to execute on this strategy. We currently offer our tests in countries outside the United States primarily through distributor relationships, direct contracts with hospitals, and partnerships with local research organizations and laboratory companies. 
 In May 2018, we formed and capitalized Guardant Health AMEA, Inc., with SoftBank, relating to the sale, marketing and distribution of our tests generally outside the Americas and Europe, and to accelerate commercialization of our products in Asia, the Middle East and Africa. In June 2022, we purchased all of the shares held by SoftBank and its affiliates, and upon completion of the transaction, we obtained full control over operations of Guardant Health AMEA, Inc. In July 2023, Japan's Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare granted national reimbursement approval for our Guardant360 CDx test for patients with advanced or metastatic solid tumor cancers in Japan. 
 In December 2020, we signed our first public private partnership agreement with Vall D'Hebron Institute of Oncology, or VHIO, one of Europe s leading cancer research institutions, and in May 2022, the first blood-based cancer testing services in Europe based on our digital sequencing platform became available at the VHIO testing facility in Spain. In October 2021, we signed a partnership agreement with The Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust, or Royal Marsden, a premier cancer center within the United Kingdom, or the UK, for patient care, research and teaching of all types of cancer, and in April 2023, the blood-based cancer testing services based on our digital sequencing platform became available at Royal Marsden testing facility in the UK. In September 2024, we signed a partnership agreement with the Agostino Gemelli University Polyclinic Foundation IRCCS, one of Italy s largest and most renowned hospitals known for its advanced oncology services, including diagnostics, treatment, and research, to establish an in-house liquid biopsy testing service within its hospital system. 
 In June 2022, we signed a strategic partnership agreement with Adicon Holdings Limited, or Adicon, a leading independent clinical laboratory company based in China, and in December 2023, the blood-based cancer testing services based on our digital sequencing platform became available at Adicon's testing facility, which offers our industry-leading comprehensive genomic profiling tests to biopharmaceutical companies to advance clinical research and the development of new cancer therapies in China. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The success of our international expansion strategy depends on a number of factors, including the internal and external constraints placed on our international laboratory partners and biopharmaceutical companies in the context of broader global, regional and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. For example, deterioration in the bilateral relationship between the United States and China may impact international trade, government spending, regional stability and macroeconomic conditions. The impact of these potential developments, including any resulting sanctions, export controls or other restrictive actions that may be imposed against governmental or other entities in, for example, China, may contribute to disruption of our international partnerships and instability and volatility in the global markets, which in turn could adversely impact our operations and weaken our financial results. 
 Sales and marketing expense. Our financial results have historically, and will likely continue to, fluctuate significantly based upon the impact of our sales and marketing expense, increase in headcount, and in particular, our various marketing programs around existing and new product introductions. 
 General and administrative expense . Our financial results have historically, and will likely continue to, fluctuate significantly based upon the impact of our general and administrative expense, and in particular, our stock-based compensation expense. Our equity awards, including performance-based restricted stock units, are intended to retain and incentivize employees to lead us to sustained, long-term superior financial and operational performance. 
 While each of these areas presents significant opportunities for us, they also pose significant risks and challenges that we must address. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for more information. 
 
 Components of results of operations 
 Revenue 
 We derive our revenue from two sources: (i) precision oncology testing, and (ii) development services and other. 
 Precision oncology testing. Precision oncology testing revenue is generated from sales of our tests to clinical and biopharmaceutical customers, including those tests delivered by labs operated by our strategic partners. In the United States, through September 30, 2024, we generally performed tests as an out-of-network service provider without contracts with health insurance companies. We submit claims for payment for tests performed for patients covered by U.S. private payers. We also submit claims to Medicare for reimbursement for our Guardant360 CDx, Guardant360 LDT, Guardant360 TissueNext, Guardant Reveal and Guardant360 Response clinical testing performed for qualifying patients. Precision oncology revenue from clinical tests for patients covered by Medicare represented approximately 38 and 45 of our precision oncology revenue from clinical customers during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and 40 and 44 of our precision oncology revenue from clinical customers during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 Development services and other . Development services revenue primarily represents services that we provide to biopharmaceutical companies, large medical institutions and international laboratory partners. We collaborate with biopharmaceutical companies in the development and clinical studies of new drugs. As part of these collaborations, we provide services related to regulatory filings to support companion diagnostic device submissions for our test panels. Under these arrangements, we generate revenue from progression of our collaboration efforts, as well as from provision of on-going support. In addition to companion diagnostic development and regulatory approval services, we also provide other development services, including clinical study setup, monitoring and maintenance, testing development and support, GuardantConnect and GuardantINFORM. Other revenue includes amounts derived from licensing our technologies, kit fulfillment, and delivery of our Shield screening tests. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Costs and operating expenses 
 Cost of precision oncology testing . Cost of precision oncology testing generally consists of cost of materials, including inventory write-downs; cost of labor, including employee benefits, bonus, and stock-based compensation; equipment and infrastructure expenses associated with processing test samples, such as sample accessioning, library preparation, sequencing, and quality control analyses; freight; curation of test results for physicians; phlebotomy; and license fees due to third parties. Infrastructure expenses include depreciation of laboratory equipment, rent costs, depreciation of leasehold improvements and information technology costs. Costs associated with performing our tests are recorded as the tests are performed regardless of whether revenue was recognized with respect to the tests. While we do not believe the technologies underlying the third-party licenses are necessary to permit us to provide our tests, we do believe these technologies are potentially valuable and of possible strategic importance to us or our competitors. 
 We expect the cost of precision oncology testing to generally increase in line with the increase in the number of tests we perform, but we expect the cost per test to decrease modestly over time due to the efficiencies we may gain as test volume increases, and from automation and other cost reductions. 
 Cost of development services and other . Cost of development services and other primarily includes costs incurred for the performance of development services requested by our biopharmaceutical customers, and costs associated with our partnership agreements and delivery of Shield screening tests, which comprise of labor and material costs including any inventory write-downs. For development of new products, costs incurred before technological feasibility has been achieved are reported as research and development expenses, while costs incurred thereafter are reported as cost of revenue. Cost of development services and other will vary depending on the nature, timing and scope of customer projects. 
 Research and development expense . Research and development expenses consist of costs incurred to develop technology and include salaries and benefits including stock-based compensation, reagents and supplies used in research and development laboratory work, infrastructure expenses, including facility occupancy and information technology costs, contract services, other outside costs and costs to develop our technology capabilities. Research and development expenses also include costs related to activities performed under contracts with biopharmaceutical companies before technological feasibility has been achieved. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Payments made prior to the receipt of goods or services to be used in research and development are deferred and recognized as expense in the period in which the related goods are received or services are rendered. Costs to develop our technology capabilities are recorded as research and development unless they meet the criteria to be capitalized as internal-use software costs. We expect that our research and development expenses will continue to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to innovate and develop additional products, expand our genomic and medical data management resources and conduct our ongoing and new clinical studies. 
 Sales and marketing expense . Our sales and marketing expenses are expensed as incurred and include costs associated with our sales organization, including our direct sales force and sales management, client services, marketing and reimbursement, medical affairs, as well as business development personnel who are focused on our biopharmaceutical customers. These expenses consist primarily of salaries, commissions, bonuses, employee benefits, travel expenses and stock-based compensation, as well as marketing, sales incentives, and educational activities and overhead expenses. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we expand our sales force, increase our presence within and outside of the United States, and increase our marketing activities to drive further awareness and adoption of our tests. 
 General and administrative expense . Our general and administrative expenses include costs for our executive, accounting and finance, information technology, legal and human resources functions. These expenses consist principally of salaries, bonuses, employee benefits, travel expenses and stock-based compensation, as well as professional services fees such as consulting, audit, tax and legal fees, and general corporate costs and overhead expenses. In addition, our general and administrative expenses also include severance costs related to workforce reduction. We expect that our general and administrative expenses will continue to increase as we incur additional costs to support the growth of our business. These expenses, though expected to increase in absolute dollars, are expected to decrease modestly as a percentage of revenue in the long term, though they may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period due to the timing and extent of these expenses being incurred. 
 Interest income 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and marketable debt securities. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Interest expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of charges relating to amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net consists of foreign currency exchange gains and losses, unrealized and realized gains and losses of marketable equity securities, and impairment of non-marketable equity securities and other related assets. We expect our foreign currency gains and losses to continue to fluctuate in the future due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Results of operations 
 The following tables set forth the significant components of our results of operations for the periods presented. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Revenue: Precision oncology testing 180,604 133,423 503,351 372,060 Development services and other 10,872 9,607 33,851 36,834 Total revenue 
 191,476 143,030 537,202 408,894 Costs and operating expenses: Cost of precision oncology testing (1) 
 66,095 53,648 191,116 148,111 Cost of development services and other (1) 
 8,394 3,966 21,090 16,424 Research and development expense (1) 
 87,306 93,851 254,210 277,338 Sales and marketing expense (1) 
 97,880 68,934 260,172 216,100 General and administrative expense (1) 
 49,129 36,174 128,243 118,135 Total costs and operating expenses 
 308,804 256,573 854,831 776,108 Loss from operations 
 (117,328) (113,543) (317,629) (367,214) Interest income 13,257 11,690 42,038 21,477 Interest expense (646) (644) (1,936) (1,933) Other income (expense), net (3,007) 16,885 (47,272) 56,490 Loss before provision for income taxes 
 (107,724) (85,612) (324,799) (291,180) Provision for income taxes 
 30 490 568 1,226 Net loss 
 (107,754) (86,102) (325,367) (292,406) 
 (1) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (unaudited) (in thousands) Cost of precision oncology testing 1,484 1,092 4,020 3,470 Cost of development services and other 2,410 436 3,400 1,387 Research and development expense 18,643 8,491 38,413 25,390 Sales and marketing expense 13,215 5,061 27,633 18,387 General and administrative expense 14,017 6,739 30,579 17,805 Total stock-based compensation expense 
 49,769 21,819 104,045 66,439 
 In November 2020 and May 2021, we granted restricted stock units with certain performance metrics, or PSUs, consisting of a performance period of 4 years combined with an additional service period requirement of six months 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 should the vesting criteria be met, with a grant date fair value of 113.40 per share and 148.19 per share, respectively. Before the third quarter of 2024, no compensation expense for these PSUs had been recorded since the achievement of the performance metrics did not meet the criteria for accrual. In the third quarter of 2024, the performance metrics of these PSUs were considered to be achieved; as such we recorded a cumulative charge of 23.5 million in stock-based compensation expense related to these PSUs, based on 221,347 shares granted with fair values of 113.40 per share and 148.19 per share, of which 2.2 million was recorded to cost of development services and other, and 11.1 million, 6.3 million and 3.9 million was recorded as components of research and development expense, sales and marketing expense, and general and administrative expense, respectively. 
 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Precision oncology testing 
 180,604 133,423 47,181 35 Development services and other 
 10,872 9,607 1,265 13 Total revenue 
 191,476 143,030 48,446 34 
 Total revenue was 191.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 143.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 48.4 million, or 34 . 
 Precision oncology testing revenue increased to 180.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 133.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 47.2 million, or 35 . 
 Precision oncology revenue from tests for clinical customers was 141.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, up 36 from 103.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase in clinical testing revenue was driven primarily by an increase in sample volume and increase in reimbursement for our tests. Total tests for clinical customers increased to approximately 53,100 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from approximately 43,900 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in reimbursement for our tests for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to an increase in Medicare reimbursement for our Guardant360 LDT test to 5,000, effective January 1, 2024; and an increase in both Medicare Advantage and commercial payer reimbursement. 
 Precision oncology revenue from tests for biopharmaceutical customers was 39.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, up 34 from 29.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase in revenue was driven primarily by an increase in sample volume. Total tests for biopharmaceutical customers increased to approximately 10,500 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from approximately 7,500 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Development services and other revenue increased to 10.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 9.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 1.3 million. Other revenue includes amounts derived from delivery of our Shield screening tests during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Cost of precision oncology testing 66,095 53,648 12,447 23 Cost of development services and other 8,394 3,966 4,428 112 Total cost of revenue 74,489 57,614 16,875 29 
 Total cost of revenue was 74.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 57.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 16.9 million, or 29 . 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of precision oncology testing was 66.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 53.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 12.4 million, or 23 . This increase in cost of precision oncology testing was primarily attributable to an increase in sample volumes, resulting in a 10.3 million increase in material costs, and a 1.5 million increase in production labor and overhead costs. 
 Cost of development services and other was 8.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 4.4 million. This increase in cost of development services and other was primarily due to costs associated with providing Shield screening tests, and costs associated with our companion diagnostics collaboration projects and other service agreements with biopharmaceutical customers during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and development expense 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Research and development expense 
 87,306 93,851 (6,545) (7) 
 Research and development expenses were 87.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 93.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 6.5 million, or 7 . This decrease was primarily due to a decrease of 15.4 million in outside services costs primarily driven by a reduction in the ECLIPSE clinical study costs as the study nears completion, and a decrease of 3.9 million in material costs, partially offset by an increase of 11.1 million in stock-based compensation primarily related to the PSUs discussed in the Results of operations section above. 
 Sales and marketing expense 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Sales and marketing expense 
 97,880 68,934 28,946 42 
 Sales and marketing expenses were 97.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 68.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 28.9 million, or 42 . This increase was related to commercial team buildout and marketing activities to support existing products and the Shield product launch, primarily resulting in an increase of 10.1 million in other personnel costs, an increase of 7.7 million in marketing activity related costs, and an increase of 3.2 million in information technology infrastructure costs. This increase was also attributable to an increase of 8.2 million in stock-based compensation, primarily related to the PSUs of 6.3 million discussed in the Results of operations section above. 
 General and administrative expense 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 General and administrative expense 
 49,129 36,174 12,955 36 
 General and administrative expenses were 49.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 36.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 13.0 million, or 36 . This increase was primarily due to an increase of 7.3 million in stock-based compensation, including 3.9 million related to the PSUs discussed in the Results of operations section above, and an increase of 3.0 million in other personnel costs. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Interest income 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Interest income 
 13,257 11,690 1,567 13 
 Interest income was 13.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 11.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 1.6 million, or 13 , primarily attributable to higher rates of return on our investments. 
 Interest expense 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Interest expense 
 (646) (644) (2) 
 Interest expense was primarily attributable to the amortization of debt issuance costs related to our convertible senior notes issued in November 2020, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Other income (expense), net 
 (3,007) 16,885 (19,892) (118) 
 Other income (expense), net was a 3.0 million expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily attributable to 1.7 million of net unrealized and realized losses recorded for our marketable equity security investment in Lunit, Inc. during the period. Other income (expense), net was a 16.9 million income for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to 16.6 million of unrealized gains recorded for our marketable equity security investment in Lunit, Inc. during the period. 
 Provision for income taxes 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Provision for income taxes 
 30 490 (460) (94) 
 Provision for income taxes was immaterial for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Precision oncology testing 
 503,351 372,060 131,291 35 Development services and other 
 33,851 36,834 (2,983) (8) Total revenue 
 537,202 408,894 128,308 31 
 Total revenue was 537.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 408.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 128.3 million, or 31 . 
 Precision oncology testing revenue increased to 503.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 372.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 131.3 million, or 35 . 
 Precision oncology revenue from tests for clinical customers was 397.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, up 34 from 295.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase in clinical testing revenue was driven primarily by an increase in sample volume and increase in reimbursement for our tests. Total tests for clinical customers increased to approximately 149,400 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from approximately 126,500 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in reimbursement for our tests for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to an increase in Medicare reimbursement for our Guardant360 LDT test to 5,000, effective January 1, 2024; and an increase in both Medicare Advantage and commercial payer reimbursement. 
 Precision oncology revenue from tests for biopharmaceutical customers was 106.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, up 39 from 76.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase in revenue was primarily due to an increase in sample volume. Total tests for biopharmaceutical customers increased to approximately 29,425 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from approximately 20,350 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Development services and other revenue decreased to 33.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 36.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 3.0 million. Other revenue includes amounts derived from delivery of our Shield screening tests during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Cost of precision oncology testing 191,116 148,111 43,005 29 Cost of development services and other 21,090 16,424 4,666 28 Total cost of revenue 212,206 164,535 47,671 29 
 Total cost of revenue was 212.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 164.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 47.7 million, or 29 . 
 Cost of precision oncology testing was 191.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 148.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 43.0 million, or 29 . This increase in cost of precision oncology testing was primarily attributable to an increase in sample volumes, and an increase in average cost per sample primarily due to changes in product mix, resulting in a 33.7 million increase in material costs, a 6.4 million increase in production labor and overhead costs, and a 2.4 million increase in other costs, including costs related to collection kits, freight and professional services. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of development services and other was 21.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 16.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 4.7 million. This increase in cost of development services and other was primarily due to costs associated with our companion diagnostics collaboration projects and other service agreements with biopharmaceutical customers, and costs associated with providing Shield screening tests during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and development expense 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Research and development 
 254,210 277,338 (23,128) (8) 
 Research and development expenses were 254.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 277.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 23.1 million, or 8 . This decrease was primarily due to a decrease of 30.4 million in outside services costs primarily driven by a reduction in the ECLIPSE clinical study costs as the study nears completion, a decrease of 10.5 million in material costs, and a decrease of 3.0 million in information technology infrastructure costs, partially offset by an increase of 13.0 million in stock-based compensation, primarily related to the PSUs of 11.1 million discussed in the Results of operations section above, and an increase of 7.7 million in other personnel costs. 
 Sales and marketing expense 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Sales and marketing 
 260,172 216,100 44,072 20 
 Sales and marketing expenses were 260.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 216.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 44.1 million, or 20 . This increase was related to commercial team buildout and marketing activities to support existing products and the Shield product launch, primarily resulting in an increase of 19.1 million in other personnel costs, an increase of 9.3 million in marketing activity related costs, and an increase of 8.3 million in information technology infrastructure costs. This increase was also attributable to an increase of 9.2 million in stock-based compensation, primarily related to the PSUs of 6.3 million discussed in the Results of operations section above. 
 General and administrative expense 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 General and administrative 
 128,243 118,135 10,108 9 
 General and administrative expenses were 128.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 118.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 10.1 million, or 9 . This increase was primarily due to an increase of 12.8 million in stock-based compensation, including 3.9 million related to the PSUs discussed in the Results of operations section above, and an increase of 10.1 million in other personnel costs, partially offset by a decrease of 7.5 million in severance costs related to a workforce reduction incurred in the first quarter of 2023, and a decrease of 7.1 million in legal expenses. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Interest income 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Interest income 
 42,038 21,477 20,561 96 
 Interest income was 42.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 21.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 20.6 million, primarily attributable to higher rates of return on our investments. 
 Interest expense 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Interest expense 
 (1,936) (1,933) (3) 
 Interest expense was primarily attributable to the amortization of debt issuance costs related to our convertible senior notes issued in November 2020, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Other income (expense), net 
 (47,272) 56,490 (103,762) (184) 
 Other income (expense), net was a 47.3 million expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily attributable to 47.2 million of net unrealized and realized losses recorded for our marketable equity security investment in Lunit, Inc. during the period. Other income (expense), net was a 56.5 million income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to 84.5 million of unrealized gains recorded for our marketable equity security investment in Lunit, Inc., partially offset by 29.1 million of impairment recorded for our non-marketable equity security investments and other related assets during the period. 
 Provision for income taxes 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Provision for income taxes 
 568 1,226 (658) (54) 
 Provision for income taxes was immaterial for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 
 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 We have incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations since our inception, and as of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 2.5 billion. We expect to incur additional operating losses in the near future and our operating expenses will increase as we continue to invest in clinical studies and develop new products, expand our sales organization, and increase our marketing efforts to drive market adoption of our tests. As demand for our tests are expected to continue to increase from physicians and biopharmaceutical companies, we anticipate that our capital expenditure requirements could also increase if we require additional laboratory capacity. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 We have funded our operations to date principally from the sale of stock, convertible debt and through revenue from precision oncology testing and development services and other. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and marketable debt securities of 1.0 billion. Cash in excess of immediate requirements is invested in accordance with our investment policy, primarily with a view to provide liquidity while ensuring capital preservation. 
 Based on our current business plan, we believe our current cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and anticipated cash flows from operations, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for more than 12 months from the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We may consider raising additional capital to expand our business, to pursue strategic investments, to take advantage of financing opportunities or for other reasons. As revenue from precision oncology testing and development services and other is expected to grow long-term, we expect our accounts receivable and inventory balances to increase. Any increase in accounts receivable and inventory may not be completely offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, which could impact our working capital balances. 
 If our available cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and anticipated cash flows from operations are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements because of lower demand for our products as a result of lower than currently expected rates of reimbursement from our customers or other risks described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, we may seek to sell additional common or preferred equity or convertible debt securities, enter into a credit facility or another form of third-party funding or seek other debt financing. The sale of equity and convertible debt securities may result in dilution to our stockholders and, in the case of preferred equity securities or convertible debt, those securities could provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common stock. The terms of debt securities issued or borrowings pursuant to a credit agreement could impose significant restrictions on our operations. If we raise funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we might be required to relinquish significant rights to our platform technologies or products or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. Additional capital may not be available to us on reasonable terms, or at all. 
 At-The-Market Offering Program 
 In August 2024, we entered into an Open Market Sales Agreement, or the Sales Agreement, with Jefferies LLC, or the Agent, with respect to an at-the-market offering program under which we may offer and sell, from time to time at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock, having aggregate gross proceeds of up to 400.0 million through the Agent, subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no shares of our common stock were sold under the Sales Agreement. 
 Cash flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Net cash used in operating activities (175,345) (246,247) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (271,838) 176,796 Net cash provided by financing activities 1,939 386,807 
 Operating activities 
 Cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 175.3 million, which resulted from a net loss of 325.4 million, and cash effect of net change in our operating assets and liabilities of 58.0 million, partially offset by non-cash charges of 208.1 million. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of 104.0 million of stock-based compensation, 47.2 million of net unrealized and realized losses on marketable equity security investment in Lunit, Inc., 31.9 million of depreciation and amortization, and 23.4 million of operating lease costs. The cash effect of net change in our operating assets and liabilities was primarily the result of a 27.0 million payment of operating lease liabilities net of receipt of tenant improvement allowance, a 19.8 million decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, a 10.3 million increase in inventory, net, and a 9.2 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets, net, partially offset by a 9.6 million increase in deferred revenue. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 246.2 million, which resulted from a net loss of 292.4 million, and cash effect of net change in our operating assets and liabilities of 10.3 million, partially offset by non-cash charges of 56.5 million. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of 66.4 million of stock-based compensation, 32.0 million of depreciation and amortization, 29.1 million of impairment of non-marketable equity securities and other related assets, and 22.1 million of operating lease costs, partially offset by 84.5 million of unrealized gains on marketable equity security investment in Lunit, Inc, and 10.9 million of amortization of discount on marketable debt securities. The cash effect of net change in our operating assets and liabilities was primarily the result of a 25.4 million increase in inventory, net, due to forecasted higher testing volumes, and a 22.7 million payment of operating lease liabilities net of receipt of tenant improvement allowance, partially offset by a 26.6 million increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, primarily due to increased purchases of goods and services, a 8.4 million decrease in accounts receivable, net, and a 3.2 million increase in deferred revenue. 
 Investing activities 
 Cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 271.8 million, which resulted primarily from purchases of marketable debt securities of 307.3 million, purchases of property and equipment of 16.2 million, and purchase of non-marketable equity securities of 2.5 million, partially offset by maturities of marketable debt securities of 35.0 million, and sales of marketable equity security investment in Lunit, Inc. of 19.2 million. 
 Cash provided by investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was 176.8 million, which resulted primarily from maturities of marketable debt securities of 828.7 million, partially offset by purchases of marketable debt securities of 629.9 million, purchases of property and equipment of 16.4 million, and purchases of non-marketable equity securities and other related assets of 5.6 million. 
 Financing activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 1.9 million, which was primarily attributable to proceeds from issuances of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan of 7.2 million, and proceeds from exercise of stock options of 2.6 million, partially offset by taxes paid related to net share settlement of restricted stock units of 7.7 million. 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was 386.8 million, which was primarily attributable to gross proceeds from the follow-on public offering of 402.5 million, and proceeds from issuances of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan of 6.7 million, partially offset by payment of offering costs related to the follow-on public offering of 20.5 million, and taxes paid related to net share settlement of restricted stock units of 8.1 million. 
 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates 
 We have prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Our preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, expenses and related disclosures at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as revenue and expenses recorded during the reporting periods. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could therefore differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to our critical accounting policies from those discussed previously. 
 
 Recent accounting pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. 
 47 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. 
 Interest rate risk 
 We are exposed to market risk for changes in interest rates related primarily to our cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, marketable debt securities and our indebtedness. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and marketable debt securities of 1.0 billion held primarily in cash deposits, money market funds and U.S. government debt securities. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of the interest rates in the United States. As of September 30, 2024, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would have resulted in immaterial decline or increase of the fair value of our investments. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur. 
 Foreign currency risk 
 The majority of our revenue is generated in the United States. Through September 30, 2024, we have generated an insignificant amount of revenues denominated in foreign currencies. As we expand our presence in the international market, our results of operations and cash flows are expected to increasingly be subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign exchange rates. As of September 30, 2024, the effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates would not be material to our financial condition or results of operations. To date, we have not entered into any hedging arrangements with respect to foreign currency risk. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to manage our risk relating to fluctuations in currency rates. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 Our Co-Chief Executive Officers, or Co-CEOs, and our Chief Financial Officer, or CFO with the participation of other members of our management, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024 , and our Co-CEOs and our CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective based on their evaluation of these controls and procedures as required by paragraph (b) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15. 
 Changes in internal control 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Limitations on effectiveness of controls and procedures 
 Our management, including our Co-CEOs and our CFO, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The information under the caption Commitments and Contingencies Legal Proceedings in Note 8 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, concerning certain legal proceedings in which we are involved, is hereby incorporated by reference. The resolution of any such legal proceeding is subject to inherent uncertainty and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business, financial condition and operating results are affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including risks specific to us or the healthcare industry as well as risks that affect businesses in general. In addition to the information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should consider carefully the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024. The risks and uncertainties disclosed in such Annual Report and in this Quarterly Report could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations and thus our stock price. During the third quarter of fiscal 2024, there were no material changes to our previously disclosed risk factors. 
 These risk factors may be important to understanding other statements in this Quarterly Report and should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements and Part I, Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Quarterly Report. Because of such risk factors, as well as other factors affecting our financial condition and operating results, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 Insider trading arrangements 
 
 or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as those terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, except as described in the table below: 
 Name and Title of Insider Adoption, Modification or Termination Applicable Date Duration of Trading Arrangement Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement? 
 (Y / N) (1) 
 Aggregate Number of Securities Subject to the Trading Arrangement Meghan Joyce, Director 11/13/2024 9/2/2025 Y Musa Tariq, Director 12/13/2024 12/31/2025 Y (2) 
 
 ______________ 
 (1) Denotes whether the trading plan is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) when adopted. 
 (2) Mr. Tariq s 10b5-1 trading plan provides for the sale of (i) 1,972 shares of our common stock plus (ii) 46.4 of 10,422 shares of our common stock underlying certain restricted stock unit awards that will vest during the duration of the trading arrangement. 
 50 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed/Furnished Herewith 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 8-K 001-38683 3.1 10/9/2018 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 8-K 001-38683 3.2 10/9/2018 10.1 Open Market Sale Agreement SM by and between the Company and Jefferies LLC, dated August 23, 2024 
 8-K 001-38683 1.1 8/23/2024 31.1 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.3 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.3 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) ___________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized 
 GUARDANT HEALTH, INC. Dated: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Helmy Eltoukhy Name: Helmy Eltoukhy 
 Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Dated: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ AmirAli Talasaz Name: AmirAli Talasaz 
 Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Dated: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Michael Bell Name: Michael Bell Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 52 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gh-09302024x10qxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Helmy Eltoukhy, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Guardant Health, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 November 6, 2024 s Helmy Eltoukhy 
 Helmy Eltoukhy 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gh-09302024x10qxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, AmirAli Talasaz, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Guardant Health, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 November 6, 2024 s AmirAli Talasaz 
 AmirAli Talasaz 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 gh-09302024x10qxex313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael Bell, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Guardant Health, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 November 6, 2024 s Michael Bell 
 Michael Bell 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 gh-09302024x10qxex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Guardant Health, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date 
 November 6, 2024 s Helmy Eltoukhy 
 Helmy Eltoukhy 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 gh-09302024x10qxex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Guardant Health, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date 
 November 6, 2024 s AmirAli Talasaz 
 AmirAli Talasaz 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 7
 gh-09302024x10qxex323.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 

Exhibit 32.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Guardant Health, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date 
 November 6, 2024 s Michael Bell 
 Michael Bell 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 gh-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 gh-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 gh-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 gh-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 gh-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

