<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1976927_0001976927-24-000043.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12642298</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>345386</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1687938</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5779306</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2268839</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2266453</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001976927-24-000043.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113163922
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001976927-24-000043
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001976927
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				921080856
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56564
		FILM NUMBER:		241455069

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2300 N FIELD STREET, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-715-7400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2300 N FIELD STREET, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001976927-24-000043.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 incref-20240930.htm
 10-Q

incref-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _______________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _______________________________________________ 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, If Changed Since Last Report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 As of November 8, 2024, there were 19,950,397 outstanding shares of common stock of Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. comprised of Class S common stock, Class S-1 common stock, Class D common stock, Class I common stock, Class E common stock, and Class F common stock. 

Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. 
 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity and Redeemable Common Stock for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 48 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 48 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 48 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 49 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 49 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 49 

SIGNATURES 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 in thousands except share amounts September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Commercial real estate loan investments, at fair value (including pledged loans of and , respectively) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Interest receivable Due from affiliates Derivative assets, at fair value Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Secured lending agreements, at fair value Term lending agreement, at fair value Revolving credit facility, at fair value Interest payable Derivative liabilities, at fair value Dividends and distributions payable (including and due to related party, respectively) 
 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Due to affiliates Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See Note 13) 
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized: 
 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, shares issued and outstanding aggregate liquidation preference) 
 Common stock, Class S shares, par value per share, shares authorized 
 Common stock, Class S-1 shares, par value per share, shares authorized 
 Common stock, Class D shares, par value per share, shares authorized 
 Common stock, Class D-1 shares, par value per share, and shares authorized, respectively 
 Common stock, Class I shares, par value per share, shares authorized 
 Common stock, Class E shares, par value per share, shares authorized 
 Common stock, Class F shares, par value per share, shares authorized 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, redeemable common stock and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

, 

 Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands except share and per share amounts 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Interest Income Commercial real estate loan interest income Other interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Net interest income Other Income (Expense) Unrealized gain (loss) on commercial real estate loan investments, net ) Unrealized gain (loss) on secured financing facilities, net ) Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net ) ) Gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions, net Commitment fee income, net of related party expense of , , and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Other income Total other income (expense), net Expenses Management and performance fees - related party Debt issuance and other financing costs related to borrowings, at fair value Organizational costs General and administrative Total expenses Net income (loss) 
 ) Dividends to preferred stockholders ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders Net income (loss) ) Currency translation adjustment Comprehensive income (loss) ) Dividends to preferred stockholders ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) Earnings (loss) per share: Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average number of shares of common stock Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

I 

Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity and Redeemable Common Stock 
 (Unaudited) 
 Series A Preferred Stock Class S Common Stock Class S-1 Common Stock Class D Common Stock Class D-1 Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class E Common Stock Class F Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total Stockholders' 
 Equity 
 Redeemable Common Stock in thousands Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) Net income (loss) Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs Common stock distribution reinvestment Common stock dividends ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Amortization of equity based compensation Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) Net income (loss) Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs Issuance of redeemable common stock Common stock distribution reinvestment Common stock dividends ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Amortization of equity based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) Repurchase of redeemable common stock ) Adjustment to the carrying value of redeemable common stock ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) Net income (loss) Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs Issuance of redeemable common stock Common stock distribution reinvestment Common stock dividends ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Amortization of equity based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Adjustment to the carrying value of redeemable common stock ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 

3 

I 

Series A Preferred Stock Class S Common Stock Class S-1 Common Stock Class D Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class E Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total Stockholders' 
 Equity 
 Redeemable Common Stock in thousands Balance at December 31, 2022 Net income (loss) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Issuance of preferred stock, net of offering costs Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs Preferred stock dividends ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income (loss) Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs ) ) Issuance of redeemable common stock Common stock dividends ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 in thousands Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Unrealized (gain) loss on commercial real estate loan investments, net ) Unrealized (gain) loss on secured financing facilities, net (Gain) loss on derivative instruments, net Unrealized (gain) loss on foreign currency transactions ) Debt issuance costs Amortization of equity based compensation Change in operating assets and liabilities: Increase in operating assets ) ) (Increase) decrease in due from affiliates ) Increase in operating liabilities Increase in due to affiliates Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Originations and fundings of commercial real estate loans ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from revolving credit facility Repayment of revolving credit facility ) ) Proceeds from secured financing facilities Repayment of secured financing facilities ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of offering costs Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of offering costs Proceeds from issuance of redeemable common stock Repurchase of common stock ) Repurchase of redeemable common stock ) Subscriptions received in advance Repayment of related party loan ) Cash paid for debt issuance costs ) ) Payments of dividends ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosures: Interest paid Non-cash investing and financing activities: Dividends and distributions declared not paid Common stock distribution reinvestment Issuance of redeemable common stock for payment of management fees Adjustment to carrying value of redeemable common stock Deferred offering costs due to affiliate ) Offering costs due to affiliates Debt issuance costs due to affiliate 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 operating segment. 
 We are externally managed by Invesco Advisers, Inc. (the Adviser ), a registered investment adviser and an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Invesco Ltd. Invesco ), an independent global investment management firm. 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with the taxable year ended December 31, 2023. We operate our business in a manner that permits our exclusion from registration und er the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 

2. 
 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 With the exception of the below, there have been no changes to our accounting policies included in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

6 

. 

7 

3. 
 Total December 31, 2023 Senior loans (4) 
 Total 
 (1) Loan amount consists of outstanding principal balance plus unfunded loan commitments. 
 (2) Represents weighted average interest rate of the most recent interest period in effect for each loan as of period end. Domestic loans earn interest at the one-month Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a spread. Euro denominated loans earn interest at three-month Euribor plus a spread. Our loan denominated in British pounds sterling earns interest at three-month Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA plus a spread. 
 (3) Assumes all extension options are exercised by the borrower; however, loans may be repaid prior to such date. Extension options are subject to certain conditions, as defined in the respective loan agreement. 
 (4) Senior loans include senior mortgages and similar credit quality loans, including related contiguous subordinate loans and accommodation mezzanine loans in connection with the senior mortgage financing. 
 The tables below detail the property type and geographic location of the properties securing our commercial real estate loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 in thousands September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Property Type Fair Value Percentage Fair Value Percentage Multifamily Industrial Self-storage Total 
 in thousands September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Geographic Location Fair Value Percentage Fair Value Percentage United States: West South East Various U.S. (1) 
 Total Europe: France (2) 
 Spain (2) 
 United Kingdom (3) 
 Total Total 
 (1) Various U.S. includes self-storage and industrial portfolios with multiple locations throughout the United States. 
 (2) Our European loans that are collateralized by industrial commercial real estate in France and Spain are denominated in Euros and have a fair value of million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Our European loan that is collateralized by industrial commercial real estate in the United Kingdom is denominated in British pounds sterling and has a fair value of million as of September 30, 2024. 
 The weighted average loan-to-value ratio, a metric utilized in the fair value measurement of our commercial real estate loan investments, for our loan investments at September 30, 2024 was approximately based on the loan principal amount and the independent property appraisals. 
 8 

4. 
 
 Secured Lending Agreements Term Financing INCREF Lending I Jul 2026 Jul 2029 Repurchase Agreements Morgan Stanley Bank N.A. (3) 
 May 2025 May 2027 Citibank N.A. Sep 2026 Sep 2028 Barclays (3) 
 Apr 2027 Apr 2029 Wells Fargo May 2026 May 2029 Bank of Montreal (3) 
 Jul 2025 Jul 2028 Total secured financing facilities Revolving Credit Facility (4) 
 
 (1) Assumes all available extension options are exercised. 
 (2) Represents the weighted average interest rate in effect as of September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Extension options for these facilities are subject to lender approval and compliance with certain financial and administrative covenants. 
 (4) Maturity date is aligned with the Company s ability to call remaining outstanding capital under the Invesco Subscription Agreement, as further explained below. 
 Borrowings denominated in U.S. dollars under our secured financing facilities and revolving credit facility bear interest at one-month SOFR plus a spread. Euro denominated borrowings bear interest at three-month Euribor plus a spread, and our British pounds sterling denominated borrowings bear interest at three-month SONIA plus a spread. Our secured financing facilities are subject to certain non-financial and financial covenants, including liquidity, tangible net worth and leverage covenants. We were in compliance with these covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Term Lending Agreement 
 In August 2024, we entered into a million Facility Loan Program and Security Agreement with a financial institution INCREF Lending II that provides asset-based financing on a non-mark-to-market basis with partial recourse to us and match-term to the underlying loans. 
 We have pledged certain commercial real estate loan investments with a fair value of approximately million as collateral for INCREF Lending II. We segregate the commercial real estate loans that we have pledged as collateral in our books and records. Our term lending agreement counterparty has the right to resell or repledge the collateral posted but has the obligation to return the pledged collateral upon maturity of the term lending agreement. 
 Secured Lending Agreements 
 In July 2024, we entered into a million Master Repurchase Agreement with a financial institution INCREF Lending I that provides asset-based financing with partial recourse to us and does not provide the lender with margin call rights. The term of the facility matches the term of the underlying collateral up to two years and is subject to three additional one-year extension options that we we may exercise upon satisfaction of certain customary conditions and thresholds. We have pledged certain commercial real estate loan investments with a fair value of approximately million as collateral for INCREF Lending I. 
 
 9 

financial institutions, as detailed in the table above. We have pledged certain commercial real estate loan investments with a fair value of approximately billion as collateral for these agreements. Borrowings under our Citibank repurchase agreement are collateralized by European commercial real estate loans. The borrowings are denominated in Euros and British pound sterling and have a fair value of million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 We were not required to post any margin under our master repurchase agreements as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. A margin deficiency may generally result from either a decline in the underlying loan s market value or a shortfall in operating performance of the property. We may finance multiple commercial loan investments under a repurchase agreement; therefore, a margin excess in one asset could help mitigate a margin deficiency in another asset under the same repurchase agreement. We intend to maintain a level of liquidity that will enable us to meet margin calls. Master repurchase agreements are recourse obligations. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 In August 2024, we entered into an amendment to our revolving credit facility that increased our maximum facility size to million. Our revolving credit facility is secured by uncalled capital subscriptions under the terms of the Invesco Subscription Agreement, as described in Note 8 - Redeemable Common Stock - Related Party . Borrowings under the facility bear interest at one-month Term SOFR or the prime rate plus a spread. The revolving credit facility allows for the ability to obtain tranches of term financing in addition to general borrowings under an Uncommitted Tranche (as defined in the credit agreement). The Uncommitted Tranche is due on demand business days after notice); any Funded Tranche (as defined in the credit agreement) is due no later than (a) from issuance or (b) days after notice; and all amounts outstanding under the facility are due days prior to the last date on which capital calls may be issued. The facility is prepayable without penalty. 
 Our revolving credit facility is subject to certain affirmative and negative non-financial and financial covenants, including a limitation on indebtedness. We were in compliance with these covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 Counterparty Exposure 
 
 We have pledged certain commercial real estate loan investments as collateral for our secured financing facilities. If a secured financing counterparty were to default on its obligation to return the collateral, we would be exposed to potential losses to the extent the fair value of the collateral that we have pledged to the counterparty exceeded the amount loaned to us plus interest due to the counterparty. 
 Citibank N.A. Barclays Total December 31, 2023 Morgan Stanley Bank N.A Citibank N.A. Bank of Montreal Total 
 
 10 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 

5. 
 . Principal on loans made under the agreement is due nine months after the date each loan is made. We incur interest on loans made under the agreement at the short-term applicable federal rate in effect at the time each borrowing is made. 
 We repaid the loan, which had an outstanding balance of and accrued interest expense in June 2023. We incurred of interest expense on the loan in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 6. 
 Subscriptions paid in advance (1) 
 Other liabilities Total 
 (1) Represents subscriptions received by our transfer agent prior to the date the subscriptions are effective. 
 11 

7. 
 Buy USD / Sell GBP Forward 
 Derivative Liabilities 
 ) ) 
 
 in thousands Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Realized gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net Unrealized gain (loss), net Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net Currency Forward Contracts ) ) 

8. 
 million in shares of our common stock (the Invesco Subscription Agreement ). We amended the terms of the Invesco Subscription Agreement in August 2024 in connection with an increase in the maximum borrowing amount under our revolving credit facility described in Note 4 - Borrowings . We may call (i) million in capital in one or more closings through March 23, 2028 (the Initial Commitment Amount and (ii) million in additional capital (for a total of million) if needed to avoid triggering any third party concentration limits associated with distribution or placement of our shares (the Additional Commitment Amount or for purposes of repaying indebtedness drawn on a facility that is secured by uncalled capital subscriptions. We have pledged both the Initial Commitment Amount and the Additional Commitment Amount as security for our revolving credit line, and our revolving credit lender may call the Initial Commitment Amount and the Additional Commitment Amount to repay indebtedness. 
 12 

billion. We can only accept a repurchase request from Invesco Realty after all requests from unaffiliated stockholders have been fulfilled. We may elect to repurchase all or any portion of the shares acquired by Invesco Realty at any time at a per share price equal to the most recently determined NAV per share for each class (or another transaction price we believe reflects the NAV per share more appropriately than the prior month s NAV per share). The Adviser or its affiliate must continue to hold at least in shares for so long as Invesco or any affiliate thereof serves as our external adviser. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we may call million of the million of capital committed under the Invesco Subscription Agreement. 
 As discussed in Note 12 - Related Party Transactions , our management and performance fees are payable in cash or Class E shares at the option of the Adviser. Because the Adviser may elect to have the Company repurchase shares issued as payment for management fees or performance fees, we classify these shares as redeemable common stock. Class E shares issued to the Adviser as payment for management or performance fees are not subject to the repurchase limits of the Company s share repurchase plan described in Note 9 - Stockholders Equity, any lockup period applicable to the Adviser, or any reduction penalty for an early repurchase. The Adviser also has the option to exchange Class E shares issued as payment for management or performance fees for Class S, Class S-1, Class D, Class D-1, Class F, or Class I shares. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we issued Class E shares to the Adviser as payment for the management fees payable as of June 30, 2024. 
 Issuance of redeemable common stock Adjustment to carrying value of redeemable common stock Balance as of March 31, 2024 Issuance of redeemable common stock Repurchase of redeemable common stock ) ) ) ) ) Adjustment to carrying value of redeemable common stock Balance as of June 30, 2024 Issuance of redeemable common stock Adjustment to carrying value of redeemable common stock Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 in thousands Class S Redeemable Common Shares Class D Redeemable Common Shares Class I Redeemable Common Shares Class E Redeemable Common Shares Total Redeemable Common Stock Balance as of December 31, 2022 Issuance of redeemable common stock Adjustment to carrying value of redeemable common stock Balance as of March 31, 2023 Issuance of redeemable common stock Adjustment to carrying value of redeemable common stock Balance as of June 30, 2023 Issuance of redeemable common stock Adjustment to carrying value of redeemable common stock Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 13 

Issuance of redeemable common stock Outstanding Shares as of March 31, 2024 Issuance of redeemable common stock Repurchase of redeemable common stock ) ) ) ) ) Outstanding Shares as of June 30, 2024 Issuance of redeemable common stock Outstanding Shares as of September 30, 2024 
 Class S Redeemable Common Shares Class D Redeemable Common Shares Class I Redeemable Common Shares Class E Redeemable Common Shares Total Outstanding Shares as of December 31, 2022 Issuance of redeemable common stock Outstanding Shares as of March 31, 2023 Issuance of redeemable common stock Outstanding Shares as of June 30, 2023 Issuance of redeemable common stock Outstanding Shares as of September 30, 2023 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded an increase to redeemable common stock and a decrease to additional paid-in-capital of and , respectively, to adjust the value of the redeemable common shares outstanding to our September 30, 2024 NAV per share for each respective share class. The change in the redemption value does not affect income available to common stockholders. 
 
 9. 
 Stapled Units and New Stapled Units were issued and outstanding. Each Stapled Unit consists of share of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), Class S share, Class D share and Class I share. Each New Stapled Unit consists of share of Series A Preferred Stock and Class S-1 share. The Stapled Unit and New Stapled Unit holders cannot separate the individual shares of stock that constitute the Stapled Unit and New Stapled Units and can only sell or transfer the Stapled Unit and New Stapled Units as a unit. Holders of Stapled Units and New Stapled Units are not eligible to participate in the share repurchase plan discussed below. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation value of per share. Holders of our Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends at an annual rate of of the liquidation preference, or per share per annum. Dividends are cumulative and payable annually. We can call the Series A Preferred Stock at any time through December 31, 2024 at a redemption premium above the liquidation value. The Series A Preferred Stock has no redemption premium on or after January 1, 2025, and we can call the Series A Preferred Stock for per share at any time on or after January 1, 2025. We can call the common shares issued in these offerings at any time at the current transaction price for the respective class of common stock. Each class of common shares is separately redeemable from the Series A Preferred Stock and each other class of common shares. If we elect to redeem any class of common shares included in the Stapled Unit or New Stapled Unit, we will redeem all common shares of that class included in the Stapled Units or New Stapled Units, as applicable. 
 Common Stock 
 In August 2024, we amended our charter to authorize the Company to issue shares of stock consisting of shares of common stock with a par value per share and million shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. Under our amended charter, we are authorized to issue million shares of Class S common stock, million shares of Class S-1 stock, million shares of Class D common stock, million shares of Class D-1 stock, 
 14 

million shares of Class E common stock and million shares of Class F common stock. 
 
 In December 2023, we entered into a subscription agreement (the Class F Subscription Agreement with an institutional investor to purchase up to million of Class F shares. As of September 30, 2024, we have called all of the institutional investor s capital commitment. For a discussion of fees paid to the Adviser with respect to Class F shares, see Note 12 - Related Party Transactions - Management Fee and Performance Fee . 
 Issuance of common stock Common stock distribution reinvestment Total Outstanding Shares as of 
 March 31, 2024 (1) 
 Issuance of common stock Stock awards (2) 
 Issuance of redeemable common stock (3) 
 Common stock distribution reinvestment Repurchase of common stock ) ) Repurchase of redeemable common stock ) ) ) ) ) Total Outstanding Shares as of 
 June 30, 2024 (1) 
 Issuance of common stock Issuance of redeemable common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) Common stock distribution reinvestment Total Outstanding Shares as of September 30, 2024 (1) 

(1) Total Outstanding Shares includes shares, shares, shares, and shares at December 31, 2023, March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024, respectively, that are classified as redeemable common stock. See Note 8 - Redeemable Common Stock - Related Party . 
 (2) Represents shares issued to independent directors under the Incentive Plan. See Share-Based Compensation Plan below. 
 (3) Consists of shares issued to the Adviser for the payment of management fees that are classified as redeemable common stock. See Note 8 - Redeemable Common Stock - Related Party . 
 
 15 

Issuance of common stock Total Outstanding Shares as of March 31, 2023 Issuance of common stock (1) 
 Total Outstanding Shares as of June 30, 2023 Issuance of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of redeemable common stock (2) 
 Total Outstanding Shares as of September 30, 2023 
 (1) Includes shares issued to an affiliate of Invesco under the Invesco Subscription Agreement. 
 (2) Consists of shares issued to Invesco Realty under the Invesco Subscription Agreement that are classified as redeemable common stock. See Note 8 - Redeemable Common Stock - Related Party and Note 14 - Revision of Previously Issued Interim Financial Statements . 
 Distributions 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we declared distributions of million and million, respectively. We accrued million for distributions payable, of which was accrued for distributions payable to related parties, in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we declared distributions of million. We accrued million for distributions payable, of which million was accrued for distributions payable to related parties, in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023. 
 Stockholder servicing fee per share ) ) Net distribution declared per share 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Class S Shares Class S-1 
 Shares (3) 
 Class D Shares Class I Shares Class E Shares Class F 
 Shares (3) 
 Aggregate distribution declared per share Stockholder servicing fee per share (2) 
 Net distribution declared per share 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class S Shares Class S-1 Shares Class D Shares Class D-1 
 Shares (1) 
 Class I Shares Class E Shares Class F Shares Aggregate distribution declared per share Stockholder servicing fee per share ) ) Net distribution declared per share 
 16 

Stockholder servicing fee per share (2) 
 Net distribution declared per share 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, Class D-1 shares were outstanding and distributions had been declared. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2023, we did incur any selling commissions or stockholder servicing fees. 
 Class S-1 shares or Class F shares were outstanding and distributions had been declared. 
 Share Repurchase Plan 
 We have adopted a share repurchase plan for our common stock. On a monthly basis, our stockholders may request that we repurchase all or any portion of their shares. We may choose, in our discretion, to repurchase all, some or none of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased at the end of any month, subject to the limitations in the share repurchase plan. 
 Under the Invesco Subscription Agreement described in Note 8 - Redeemable Common Stock - Related Party , Invesco Realty may not participate in our share repurchase plan until the earlier of March 23, 2028 or the date that our aggregate NAV is at least billion. We can only accept a repurchase request from Invesco Realty after all requests from unaffiliated stockholders have been fulfilled. 
 Under its subscription agreement, the Class F stockholder may not participate in our share repurchase plan until the earlier of (i) the date our NAV reaches billion or (ii) March 23, 2028. However, the Class F stockholder is entitled to request that we repurchase their shares in the event that there is a key person event or a material strategy change as defined in the terms of the Class F subscription agreement. 
 Class E shares issued to the Adviser as payment for management fees or performance fees are not subject to the repurchase limits of our share repurchase plan, any lockup period or any reduction penalty for an early repurchase. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased and shares of common stock, respectively and fulfilled all repurchase requests that were made under the share repurchase plan. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we did repurchase any shares under the share repurchase plan. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a distribution reinvestment plan whereby common stockholders will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock unless they elect to receive their distributions in cash. The per share purchase price for shares purchased (including fractional shares) under the distribution reinvestment plan is equal to the transaction price at the time the distribution is payable. 
 Share-Based Compensation Plan 
 In May 2024 and November 2023, we granted and restricted shares of Class E common stock, respectively, to our independent directors under the terms of our 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan ). The restricted shares granted in November 2023 vested in March 2024. The restricted shares granted in May 2024 will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date unless forfeited prior to such date, subject to certain conditions that accelerate vesting. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized and , respectively, of compensation expense related to these awards. As of September 30, 2024, we had shares of common stock available for future issuance under the Incentive Plan. 
 17 

10. 
 ) Denominator (Weighted Average Shares) Basic Earnings: Shares available to common stockholders Effect of dilutive securities: Restricted stock awards Dilutive Shares Earnings (loss) per share: Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders Basic ) Diluted ) 
 
 11. 
 18 

Derivative assets Total assets Liabilities: Secured lending agreements Term lending agreement Derivative liabilities Total liabilities 
 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Measurements Using: in thousands Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total at Fair Value Assets: Commercial real estate loan investments Liabilities: Revolving credit facility Secured lending agreements Total liabilities 
 Valuation of Commercial Real Estate Loan Investments 
 Our commercial real estate loan investments consist of senior mortgages and similar credit quality loans, including related contiguous subordinate loans, and are classified as Level 3. The commercial loans are carried at fair value based on significant unobservable inputs. 
 Loan originations and fundings Net unrealized gain (loss) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 19 

- 
 
 (1) Based on expected cash flows and potential prepayments. 
 December 31, 2023 Type Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Weighted Average Rate Range Weighted Average Life (years) Commercial loans Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 
 The discount rate above is subject to change based on changes in economic and market conditions, in addition to changes in the underlying economics of the arrangement, such as changes in the underlying property valuation and debt service. These rates are also based on the location, type and nature of each underlying property and related industry publications. Changes in discount rates result in increases or decreases in the fair values of these investments. The discount rate encompasses, among other things, uncertainties in the valuation models with respect to the amount and timing of cash flows. It is not possible for us to predict the effect of future economic or market conditions based on our estimated fair values. 
 Valuation of Revolving Credit Facility 
 Given the uncertainty of future cash flows, including our ability to prepay without penalty, we determined the fair value of our revolving credit facility to approximate par. 
 Proceeds from revolving credit facility Repayment of revolving credit facility ) ) Net unrealized (gain) loss Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Valuation of Secured Financing Facilities 
 We have entered into secured lending agreements and a term lending agreement (collectively, our secured financing facilities) to provide floating rate financing for our commercial real estate loan investments. Our secured financing facilities are carried at fair value based on significant unobservable inputs and are classified as Level 3. 
 Proceeds from secured financing facilities Repayments of secured financing facilities ) ) Net unrealized (gain) loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 20 

Proceeds from secured financing facilities Repayments of secured financing facilities ) ) Net unrealized (gain) loss Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 - 
 
 (1) Based on expected cash flows and potential prepayments. 
 December 31, 2023 Type Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Weighted Average Rate Range Weighted Average Life (years) Secured financing facilities Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 
 The discount rate above is subject to change based on changes in economic and market conditions, in addition to changes in the underlying economics of the pledged commercial real estate loan, such as changes in the loan-to-value ratio, credit profile and debt service. These rates are also based on the location, type and nature of each pledged property underlying the commercial real estate loan and related industry publications. Changes in discount rates result in increases or decreases in the fair values of these investments. The discount rate encompasses, among other things, uncertainties in the valuation models with respect to the amount and timing of cash flows. It is not possible for us to predict the effect of future economic or market conditions based on our estimated fair values. 
 
 12. 
 as of September 30, 2024. (December 31, 2023: ). 
 Advanced organizational costs Advanced offering costs Advanced debt issuance and other financing costs Advanced general and administrative expenses (1) 
 Accrued stockholder servicing fees Accrued management fee Accrued performance fee Other Total 
 (1) Advanced general and administrative expenses as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 includes approximately and , respectively, of prepaid expenses which are included in other assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 21 

of the commitment fee (not to exceed of the whole loan on a fully funded basis) as compensation for sourcing, structuring and negotiating the loan. The commitment fee income and related expense to the Adviser is reported as commitment fee income, net of related party expense on the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 Organizational Costs and Offering Expenses 
 Under the terms of our amended and restated advisory agreement dated August 20, 2024, the Adviser advanced all of our organizational costs and offering expenses (other than upfront selling commissions and ongoing stockholder servicing fees) incurred through May 31, 2024. We will reimburse the Adviser for all of our organizational costs and offering expenses advanced through May 31, 2024 ratably over months commencing December 1, 2024. We will reimburse the Adviser on a quarterly basis for organizational and offering expenses incurred on our behalf subsequent to May 31, 2024. 
 Under the terms of our advisory agreement, organizational costs and offering expenses became a liability of the Company on March 23, 2023. Organizational costs and offering expenses include costs incurred by the Adviser prior to entering into the advisory agreement with the Company. 
 Operating Expenses Reimbursement 
 Under the terms of our amended and restated advisory agreement dated August 20, 2024, the Adviser advanced our operating expenses, including debt issuance costs and general and administrative expenses, incurred through May 31, 2024. We will reimburse the Adviser for all of our operating expenses advanced through May 31, 2024 ratably over months commencing December 1, 2024. 
 Following May 31, 2024, we will reimburse the Adviser quarterly for total operating expenses paid by the Adviser on our behalf. Commencing with the first four full fiscal quarters ended June 30, 2025, we may not reimburse the Adviser at the end of any fiscal quarter for total operating expenses (as defined in our charter) that, in the consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, exceed the greater of of average invested assets or of net income determined without reduction for any non-cash reserves and excluding any gain from the sale of our assets for that period (the / Guidelines ). We may reimburse the Adviser for expenses in excess of the / Guidelines if a majority of our independent directors determines that such excess expenses are justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Adviser incurred expenses on our behalf of and , respectively, subsequent to May 31, 2024, of which is accrued as a component of due to affiliates on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and included within Other in the table above. 
 Stockholder Servicing Fees and Other Selling Commissions 
 The Invesco Distributors, Inc. (the Dealer Manager is entitled to receive upfront selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees for Class S, Class S-1, Class D and Class D-1 shares sold in the Continuous Offering. The Dealer Manager reallows (pays) all or a portion of the stockholder servicing fees to participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers for ongoing stockholder services performed by such broker-dealers and will waive stockholder servicing fees to the extent a broker-dealer is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such service. We did not issue any Class D-1 shares as of September 30, 2024. 
 We accrue the full amount of stockholder servicing fees payable as an offering cost at the time each Class S, Class S-1, Class D and Class D-1 share is sold during the Continuous Offering. During the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid approximately and of stockholder servicing fees, respectively, with respect to the outstanding Class S and Class S-1 shares and did pay stockholder servicing fees with respect to the outstanding Class D shares. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we paid approximately of stockholder servicing fees with respect to the outstanding Class S-1 shares and did pay stockholder servicing fees with respect to the outstanding Class S and Class D shares. 
 22 

up to 
 up to 
 up to 
 Stockholder Servicing Fee of NAV) 
 We will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee with respect to any Class S share or Class D share held in a stockholder s account at the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager, in conjunction with the transfer agent, determines that total upfront selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees paid with respect to the shares held by the stockholder would exceed, in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds from the sale of such shares (including the gross proceeds of any shares issued under our distribution reinvestment plan). At the end of such month, such Class S share or Class D share will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares), with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such share. Such servicing fee limit does not apply to the Class S-1 and Class D-1 shares. 
 Management Fee and Performance Fee 
 In August 2024, we amended our advisory agreement to make updates to our management fee and performance fee structure in connection with the authorization of Class D-1 shares discussed in Note 9 - Stockholders Equity . Under the terms of our amended and restated advisory agreement, we will pay the Adviser a management fee equal to per annum of NAV, calculated monthly before giving effect to any accruals for the management fee, stockholder servicing fees, performance fees or any distributions with respect to our Class S shares, Class S-1 shares, Class D shares, Class D-1 shares and Class I shares. We will also pay the Adviser a performance fee equal to of our Performance Fee Income with respect to our Class S shares, Class S-1 shares, Class D shares, Class D-1 shares and Class I shares. Performance Fee Income with respect to each class of common shares subject to a performance fee means the net income (determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP) allocable to such class of common shares subject to adjustment as defined under the terms of our advisory agreement. During the period that the Adviser is advancing our organizational, offering and operating expenses, net income for purposes of the performance fee calculation will exclude these advanced expenses for the period incurred under US GAAP. After the period that the Adviser is advancing our organizational, offering and operating expenses, net income for purposes of the performance fee calculation will include previously advanced expenses that are to be repaid to the Adviser during the period. We will not pa y the Adviser a performance fee with respect to any class of shares that has a negative total return per share for the calendar year, and the advisory agreement does not prohibit the advisor from entering into economic or other arrangements with other persons. For purposes of the performance fee calculation, total return per share is defined as an amount equal to: (i) the cumulative distributions per share accrued with respect to such class of common shares since the beginning of the calendar year plus (ii) the change in NAV per share of such class of common shares since the beginning of the calendar year, prior to giving effect to (y) any accrual for performance fees with respect to such class of common shares or (z) any applicable stockholder servicing fees. We will not pay the Adviser a management or performance fee with respect to our Class E shares. 
 The management fee and the performance fee are payable in cash or Class E shares at the option of the Adviser. 
 We will not pay the Adviser a management fee with respect to our Class F shares. We will pay the Adviser a performance fee with respect to the Class F shares. The Class F performance fee payable with respect to each calendar year will be an amount equal to of the excess of Performance Fee Income allocable to Class F shares over a annualized return on the Class F NAV per share. No performance fee is payable if the Performance Fee Income allocable to Class F is below the annualized return in any calendar year or for a rolling period. 
 Management fees and performance fees began to accrue on March 1, 2024. Management fees will be accrued monthly and paid quarterly in arrears and performance fees will be paid annually. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred management fees of and , respectively, of which is accrued as a component of due to affiliates on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred performance fees of and million, respectively, of which million is accrued as a component of due to affiliates on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued and Class E Redeemable Common Stock shares, respectively, as payment for the management fees earned. The shares issued to the Adviser for payment of the management fee were issued at the applicable NAV per share at the end of each quarter for which the fee was earned. 
 23 

periods unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of the agreement. If the advisory agreement is terminated, the Adviser will be entitled to receive its prorated management fee and performance fee owed through the date of termination. If we elect not to renew our advisory agreement based on unsatisfactory performance and not for cause, we owe our Adviser a termination fee equal to times the sum of our average annual management fee during the period before termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter. 
 Our Adviser is subject to the supervision and oversight of our Board and has only such functions and authority as we delegate to it. The Adviser and its affiliates provide us with our management team, including our officers and appropriate support personnel. Each of our officers is an employee of the Adviser or one of its affiliates. We do not have any employees. We incurred and , respectively, of costs for support personnel provided by the Adviser for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 that are recorded as a component of due to affiliates on our consolidated balance sheets. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred and , respectively, of costs for support personnel provided by the Adviser. 
 Related Party Share Ownership 
 Invesco Advisers, Inc. (2) 
 Members of our board of directors (3) 
 Total 
 (1) Shares issued to Invesco Realty, Inc. are governed by the terms of the Invesco Subscription Agreement and classified as redeemable common shares on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. See Note 8 - Redeemable Common Stock - Related Party for further information. 
 (2) Shares issued to Invesco Advisers, Inc. are governed by the terms of our advisory agreement and classified as redeemable common shares on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. See Note 8 - Redeemable Common Stock - Related Party for further information. 

13. 
 million for certain of our commercial real estate loan investments. The unfunded commitments consist of funding for leasing costs, interest reserves and capital expenditures. Funding depends on timing of lease-up, renovation and capital improvements as well as satisfaction of certain cash flow tests. Therefore, the exact timing and amounts of such future loan fundings are uncertain. We expect to fund our loan commitments over the weighted average remaining term of the related loans of years. 
 We have also committed to pay counterparty legal, diligence and other fees in connection with new financing facilities in the ordinary course of business. 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was not involved in any material legal proceedings. 

1 4. 
 24 

Common stock, Class S shares, par value per share, shares authorized 
 ) Common stock, Class D shares, par value per share, shares authorized 
 ) Common stock, Class I shares, par value per share, shares authorized 
 ) Common stock, Class E shares, par value per share, shares authorized 
 ) Additional paid-in capital ) 

15. 
 commercial real estate loans with a total commitment amount of million and an aggregate outstanding principal amount of million, including a mezzanine construction loan with a total commitment amount of million and aggregate outstanding principal amount of million. These loans earn interest at one-month term SOFR plus a spread for a weighted average interest rate of based on the interest rate in effect at origination. 
 Stockholders Equity 
 Class S-1 Class D Class D-1 Class I Class E Class F Total Total net proceeds (4) 
 
 (1) Affiliates include related parties discussed in Note 12 - Related Party Transactions . Includes shares of Class E Common Stock, shares of Class I Common Stock, shares of Class D Common Stock and shares of Class S Common Stock issued to an affiliate of Invesco under the Invesco Subscription Agreement for net proceeds of million. See Note 12 - Related Party Transactions . 
 (2) Includes Class E shares issued to our Adviser as payment for management fees for total consideration of , which is excluded from Total net proceeds. 
 (3) Represents shares issued under our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 (4) With respect to DRP Shares, Total net proceeds represents total value of shares issued under our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 25 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 In this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, or this Quarterly Report, we refer to Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries as we, us, the Company, or our, unless we specifically state otherwise or the context indicates otherwise. We refer to our external manager, Invesco Advisers, Inc., as our Adviser, and we refer to the indirect parent company of our Adviser, Invesco Ltd. together with its consolidated subsidiaries (which does not include us), as Invesco. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which are included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report, as well as the information contained in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report may include statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the United States securities laws and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may include statements about possible or assumed future results of our business, investment strategies, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. When we use the words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, plan, intend, project, forecast or similar expressions and future or conditional verbs such as will, may, could, should, and would, and any other statement that necessarily depends on future events, we intend to identify forward-looking statements. 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions and may be affected by known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties and factors that are difficult to predict and are generally beyond our control. Although we make such statements based on assumptions we believe to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from our expectations as a result of several factors, including, but not limited to the following: our limited operating history; conflicts of interest with our Adviser; our Adviser s broad discretion; risks related to the origination or acquisition of whole loans; creditor risks with respect to our portfolio; our investments becoming distressed or illiquid; our ability to obtain leverage; increases to our leverage ratio above our target; use of repurchase agreements for our financing; no limitations on our amount of short-term corporate debt; and other factors described under the headings Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. Considering the significant uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, the inclusion of this information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans, which we consider to be reasonable, will be achieved. We caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements and urge you to carefully consider the factors. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and do not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Executive Overview 
 Introduction 
 We are a Maryland corporation formed in October 2022. Our primary investment strategy is to originate, acquire, and manage a diversified portfolio of loans and debt-like preferred equity interests secured by, or unsecured but related to, commercial real estate. To a lesser extent, we may purchase non-distressed public or private debt securities and invest in private operating companies in the business of or related to commercial real estate credit through debt or equity investment. We commenced investing in commercial real estate loans in May 2023. Prior to investing, we were primarily engaged in organizational activities. 
 We are externally managed by Invesco Advisers, Inc. (the Adviser ), a registered investment adviser and an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Invesco Ltd., an independent global investment management firm. Our Adviser utilizes the personnel and global resources of Invesco Real Estate to provide investment management services to us. We elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2023. To maintain our REIT qualifications, we are generally required to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders annually. We operate our business in a manner that permits our exclusion from the definition of an Investment Company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 
 We are engaging in a continuous, unlimited private offering of our common stock to accredited investors (as defined by Rule 501 promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act) (the Continuous Offering under exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. 
 26 

Factors Impacting Our Operating Results 
 Our operating results can be affected by a number of factors and depend on loan origination activity, interest earned on the commercial loan investments held in the portfolio, interest paid on the borrowing facilities of the portfolio and changes in the fair market value of our commercial real estate loan investments and our borrowings. Our net interest income varies primarily as a result of the number of loan originations in the period, the timing of entering into new borrowing arrangements, repayments from the borrower of the outstanding principal balance of our loan assets during the period, and changes in benchmark interest rates and market spreads. Market spreads vary according to the type of investment or borrowing, conditions in the financial markets, competition and other factors, none of which can be predicted with any certainty. 
 Due to the floating rate nature of our loan portfolio, we are subject to changes in benchmark rates. Decline in benchmark interest rates could ultimately lead to lower interest income received from the Company s floating rate debt investments. To mitigate the impact of reduced interest income as a result of declining benchmark rates, the Company has structured interest rate floors for each of the loans where the borrower will be required to pay minimum debt service payments should rates fall below a predetermined amount. Additionally, during a falling benchmark interest rate environment, the Company s overall cost of borrowings decreases as well. 
 We have elected the fair value option for our commercial real estate loan investments and our borrowing facilities. The fair market value of our commercial real estate loans can be impacted by changes in credit spread premiums (yield advantage over a benchmark rate) and the supply of, and demand for, assets in which we invest. 
 Operating results can also be impacted by foreign currency risk from investments denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar USD ). We hedge the non-USD exposure in the portfolio via forward contracts with the goal to mitigate foreign currency impacts to the portfolio. 
 Market Conditions 
 For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company originated 13 commercial real estate loans with an aggregate total loan commitment amount of 888.7 million and a spot coupon of 11.4 based on the weighted average interest rate on our net committed equity position as of September 30, 2024. The portfolio saw a slight increase in weighted average net spread, going from 6.61 in the second quarter to 6.67 in the third quarter. The weighted average interest rate spread on our net committed equity position is comprised of the difference between the spread on our commercial real estate loans applied to the committed loan amounts less the spread on our borrowings applied to the total financing. This difference is divided by our net committed equity position. The weighted average interest rate is the spread combined with the applicable benchmark rate (in effect on September 30, 2024 after considering any impact of the interest rate floor. 
 The 13 originations in the third quarter of 2024 were comprised of four loans secured by multifamily assets, seven loans secured by industrial assets, and two loans secured by self-storage assets with 66 focused on refinancing the borrower s existing investment (remaining 34 were originated for the purpose of acquisition financing). 
 The wider real estate market saw some signs of stabilization as Green Street s Commercial Property Price Index CPPI was unchanged in September from the prior month, up approximately 3 compared to the past 12 months and down approximately 19 from its March 2022 peak. 
 The Federal Reserve (the Fed announced a federal funds rate cut of 50 basis points in September and a further rate cut of 25 basis points in November, lowering the upper end of the target range to 4.75 from the 5.5 level we have seen since July 2023. We expect the impact of the Fed s rate cuts on private real estate, including with respect to increased transaction activity and easing pressure on property values, to lag these announcements as it has historically, but we will continue to monitor resulting activity in the wider real estate market. 
 Outlook 
 We believe the Company will continue to find opportunities during this period of capital market dislocation to originate attractive loans with credit/structuring profiles at a premium to historical pricing. We anticipate that commercial real estate transaction volume will remain limited throughout the remainder of 2024 but believe that the Fed s recent rate cuts could begin to shift market and investor sentiment with a potential increase of transaction activity in the near future. 
 As banks have pulled back from new origination activity, debt funds have stepped up with origination volume outperforming pre-pandemic levels. We expect this trend will continue as banks have complied with tighter regulations, engage in discussions around the finalization of Basel III, and remain selective in providing commercial real estate financing. We will continue to 
 27 

monitor bank and CMBS activity throughout the remainder of 2024 and the resulting impact it may have on sponsor/borrower loan payoffs in our portfolio. 
 Overall, we believe the Company is positioned to take advantage of new opportunities that will arise and benefit from its current stable portfolio and prudently managed balance sheet. We believe that our credit over yield investment philosophy will allow us to provide durable current income to stockholders while seeking to minimize risk during the current market environment. 
 
 Q3 2024 Highlights 
 Capital Activity and Distributions 
 Declared monthly net distributions totaling 9.4 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 Raised 39.4 million of net proceeds from the sale of our common stock through our Continuous Offering during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 Called 80.0 million of capital under the Class F Subscription Agreement. 
 Called 60.0 million of capital under the Invesco Subscription Agreement. 
 Investments 
 Originated 10 floating rate senior commercial real estate loans in the United States with a total commitment amount of 606.1 million and total outstanding principal amount of 584.5 million as of September 30, 2024, including self-storage, multifamily and industrial properties. 
 Originated a 304.5 million floating rate whole loan facility secured by a portfolio of three loans, all prime logistics centers, in Barcelona, Paris, and Bristol. 
 Entered into currency forward contracts in the period to help mitigate the potential impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on our investments. 
 Financing Activity 
 Entered into a 837.5 million secured lending agreement with a financia l institution INCREF Lending I that provides match-term financing for 16 of our commercial real estate loan investments. The facility bears interest at a one-month term SOFR plus a spread and provides financing on a non-mark-to-market basis. 
 Entered into a 300.0 million term lending agreement with a financial institution INCREF Lending II that provides match-term financing for two of our commercial real estate loan investments. The facility bears interest at a one-month term SOFR plus a spread and provides financing on a non-mark-to-market basis. 
 
 Received net borrowings of 755.8 million from our secured financing facilities for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Repaid 10.0 million to our revolving credit facility for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 Investment Activities 
 We commenced investing in domestic commercial real estate loans in May 2023 and started investing in European loans in September 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we originated 35 commercial real estate senior loans with a fair value of 2.0 billion. We elected the fair value option for our commercial real estate loan investments and, accordingly, we recognize any origination costs or fees associated with the loans in the period of origination. Our domestic loan investments earn interest at term SOFR plus a spread and had a weighted average interest rate of 8.12 as of September 30, 2024. Our European loans earn interest at either three-month SONIA or three-month Euribor and had a weighted average interest rate of 7.23 at September 30, 2024. 
 28 

The following table details overall statistics for our loan portfolio as of September 30, 2024: 
 in thousands September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Number of investments 35 10 6 Principal balance 2,043,187 613,503 378,970 Fair value 2,043,967 613,503 378,970 Unfunded loan commitments (1) 
 245,991 57,903 38,486 Weighted-average interest rate (2) 
 7.98 8.53 8.56 Weighted-average maximum maturity (years) (3) 
 4.40 4.69 4.81 Origination loan-to-value (LTV) (4) 
 64 65 63 
 (1) Unfunded commitments will primarily be funded to finance construction or development of real estate-related assets, capital improvements of existing assets, or lease-related expenditures. These future commitments will generally be funded over the term of each loan, subject in certain cases to an expiration date. 
 (2) Represents weighted average interest rate of the most recent interest period in effect for each loan as of period end. Domestic loans earn interest at the one-month Term SOFR plus a spread. Euro denominated loans earn interest at three-month Euribor plus a spread. Our loan denominated in British pounds sterling earns interest at three-month SONIA plus a spread. 
 (3) Assumes all extension options are exercised by the borrower; however, loans may be repaid prior to such date. Extension options are subject to certain conditions, as defined in the respective loan agreement. 
 (4) LTV is generally based on the initial loan amount and the in dependent property appraisals at the time of origination. 
 The following charts illustrate the diversification and composition of our loan portfolio based on fair value as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 Loan originations activity during the three months ended September 30, 2024, totaled 888.6 million as a result of 13 new loan originations. Additionally, loan funding activity during the three months ended September 30, 2024, totaled 34.6 million for additional commitments made under existing loans. In the three months ended September 30, 2024 , w e earned 29.9 million of interest income on our loan portfolio. 
 The following table details our loan activity: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended in thousands September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 Loan originations 888,594 1,384,315 Loan fundings 34,602 45,185 Loan repayments and sales Total net fundings 923,196 1,429,500 
 29 

The following table provides details of our loan portfolio, on a loan-by-loan basis, as of September 30, 2024: 
 in thousands Metropolitan Statistical Area Property Type Origination Date Weighted Average Interest Rate (1) 
 Loan Amount (2) 
 Principal Balance Outstanding Fair Value Current Maturity Maximum 
 Maturity (3) 
 Phoenix Industrial 05/17/2023 8.45 136,000 123,112 123,112 6/9/2025 6/9/2028 San Jose Multifamily 05/31/2023 8.25 41,700 41,700 41,700 6/9/2026 6/9/2028 New York (4) 
 Multifamily 07/26/2023 8.20 73,600 73,600 73,624 8/9/2026 8/9/2028 Los Angeles Multifamily 08/04/2023 8.20 85,180 81,037 81,060 8/9/2025 8/9/2028 Miami Industrial 08/25/2023 8.45 42,676 36,000 36,000 9/9/2025 9/9/2028 Richmond Industrial 09/25/2023 8.45 38,300 34,395 34,397 10/9/2025 10/9/2028 Atlanta Industrial 11/06/2023 8.45 92,950 82,309 82,336 11/9/2025 11/9/2028 Dallas Multifamily 12/07/2023 7.90 70,000 63,318 63,449 12/9/2026 12/9/2028 Seattle Multifamily 12/12/2023 8.05 68,500 68,500 68,557 12/9/2026 12/9/2028 New York (5) 
 Multifamily 12/21/2023 8.10 22,500 22,500 22,513 12/9/2026 12/9/2028 Houston Multifamily 01/24/2024 8.10 61,500 61,000 61,080 2/9/2027 2/9/2029 New York Multifamily 02/08/2024 8.10 120,000 76,865 76,966 2/9/2027 2/9/2029 Los Angeles Multifamily 03/05/2024 8.25 56,600 55,834 55,867 3/9/2027 3/9/2029 Los Angeles Multifamily 03/28/2024 8.10 45,000 41,535 41,557 4/9/2026 4/9/2029 Los Angeles Multifamily 04/12/2024 8.15 66,050 60,249 60,291 4/9/2027 4/9/2029 New York Multifamily 05/02/2024 8.10 150,000 40,724 40,827 5/9/2027 5/9/2029 Fort Worth Multifamily 05/15/2024 8.00 22,500 21,775 21,781 6/9/2026 6/9/2029 Fort Worth Multifamily 05/15/2024 8.00 23,650 23,500 23,507 6/9/2026 6/9/2029 Orange County Industrial 05/31/2024 7.95 47,275 42,600 42,629 6/9/2027 6/9/2029 Dallas Multifamily 06/07/2024 7.90 40,740 35,233 35,275 6/9/2027 6/9/2029 San Francisco Multifamily 06/17/2024 7.75 33,500 30,350 30,381 7/9/2027 7/9/2029 Jacksonville Multifamily 06/28/2024 8.20 40,350 38,100 38,107 7/9/2027 7/9/2029 Various U.S. Self-Storage 07/10/2024 8.30 42,448 39,998 39,998 8/9/2027 8/9/2029 Houston Multifamily 07/24/2024 8.00 50,750 49,750 49,750 8/9/2026 8/9/2029 Tampa Multifamily 08/01/2024 7.80 41,750 41,750 41,750 8/9/2027 8/9/2029 Dallas Multifamily 08/01/2024 7.95 44,000 44,000 44,000 8/9/2026 8/9/2029 Las Vegas Industrial 08/20/2024 7.90 55,515 53,325 53,325 9/9/2027 9/9/2029 Various U.S. Self-Storage 08/27/2024 8.30 11,267 10,123 10,123 9/9/2027 9/9/2029 Washington D.C. Multifamily 08/28/2024 7.85 101,000 98,500 98,500 9/9/2027 9/9/2029 Various U.S. Industrial 08/30/2024 8.50 83,500 77,248 77,248 9/9/2027 9/9/2029 Various U.S. Industrial 09/12/2024 7.85 128,010 121,890 121,890 10/9/2027 10/9/2029 Various U.S. Industrial 09/13/2024 7.85 47,881 47,881 47,881 10/9/2027 10/9/2029 Barcelona, Spain Industrial 09/26/2024 6.66 102,124 102,124 102,124 10/9/2027 10/9/2028 Paris, France Industrial 09/26/2024 6.55 91,241 91,241 91,241 10/9/2027 10/9/2028 Bristol, United Kingdom Industrial 09/26/2024 8.32 111,121 111,121 111,121 10/9/2027 10/9/2028 7.98 2,289,178 2,043,187 2,043,967 
 (1) Represents weighted average interest rate of the most recent interest period in effect for each loan as of period end. Domestic loans earn interest at the one-month Term SOFR plus a spread. Euro denominated loans earn interest at three-month Euribor plus a spread. Our loan denominated in British pounds sterling earns interest at three-month SONIA plus a spread. 
 (2) Loan amount consists of outstanding principal balance plus unfunded loan commitments. 
 (3) Maximum maturity assumes all extension options are exercised by the borrower; however, loans may be repaid prior to such date. Extension options are subject to certain conditions as defined in the respective loan agreement. 
 (4) The total whole loan is 73.6 million, including (i) a senior mortgage loan of 55.2 million, and (ii) a mezzanine note of 18.4 million. 
 (5) The total whole loan is 22.5 million, including (i) a senior mortgage loan of 18.0 million and (ii) a mezzanine note of 4.5 million. 
 30 

Significant Borrowers/Sponsors 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have invested in 35 commercial real estate loans with a fair value of 2.0 billion. Our portfolio consists of the following significant borrowers or sponsors: 
 in thousands Counterparty Loan Count Fair Value of Loan Portfolio Borrower A (1,2) 
 3 239,845 12 Borrower B (2) 
 3 304,486 15 Sponsor A (3) 
 6 259,218 13 
 (1) The Company has committed to fund an additional 27.4 million under the master credit agreement for leasing costs, interest reserves and capital expenditures. The loans that the Company has made under the master credit agreement are guaranteed by an affiliate of the borrower that, in turn, indirectly owns the borrower. 
 (2) These loans are cross collateralized and cross defaulted under master credit agreements with a single borrower. 
 (3) These loans are affiliated with a single institutional private equity company as of September 30, 2024. The loans are not cross collateralized or cross defaulted. 
 Loan Risk Ratings 
 We evaluate each loan at origination and assign an overall risk rating based on several factors, including but not limited to, credit metrics and volatility, sponsorship, sector type, property condition and performance, and market to determine the overall health of each loan investment in the portfolio Loan Risk Rating ). Loans are rated 1 (very low risk), 2 (low risk), 3 (medium risk), 4 (high risk/potential for loss), or 5 (impaired/loss likely). We re-evaluate the loan risk ratings on our loan portfolio quarterly and update risk ratings as needed. 
 Our loan portfolio had a weighted-average loan risk rating of 2.8 as of September 30, 2024 and 2.7 as of December 31, 2023. 
 Financing and Other Liabilities 
 We utilize a revolving line of credit as a short-term cash management tool to pay fees and expenses and bridge portfolio-level financing arrangements. 
 Our revolving line of credit bears interest at a one-month term SOFR plus a spread and had a weighted average borrowing rate of 8.26 as of September 30, 2024 . 
 We finance the majority of our commercial real estate loan portfolio through secured financing facilities, which may include repurchase agreements and term lending agreements. We have five repurchase agreement facilities and two term lending/financing agreements that bear interest at one-month term SOFR plus a spread for our USD denominated borrowings, three-month Euribor plus a spread for our Euro denominated borrowings, and three-month SONIA plus a spread for our British pound sterling denominated borrowings. These facilities had a weighted average borrowing rate of 7.02 as of September 30, 2024 . 
 31 

The below table summarizes our borrowings as of September 30, 2024 (1) . 
 in thousands Current Maturity Extension Options Weighted Average Interest rate Maximum Facility Size Amount Outstanding Available Balance Term Lending Agreement INCREF Lending II Match-term Match-term 7.33 300,000 90,380 209,620 Secured Lending Agreements Term Financing INCREF Lending I Jul 2026 Jul 2029 7.13 837,517 644,752 192,765 Repurchase Agreements Morgan Stanley Bank N.A. May 2025 May 2027 7.36 500,000 342,009 157,991 Citibank N.A. Sep 2026 Sep 2028 6.24 500,000 243,588 256,412 Barclays Apr 2027 Apr 2029 6.92 500,000 183,017 316,983 Wells Fargo May 2026 May 2029 7.01 200,000 101,020 98,980 Bank of Montreal Jul 2025 Jul 2028 25,000 25,000 Total secured financing facilities 2,862,517 1,604,766 1,257,751 Revolving Credit Facility 8.26 250,000 250,000 
 (1) See Note 4 - Borrowings for important footnotes to the borrowings table and other disclosures. 
 
 Each of our secured financing facilities contains customary terms and conditions, including but not limited to, negative covenants relating to restrictions on our operations with respect to our status as a REIT, and financial covenants, such as a minimum interest coverage ratio covenant, minimum tangible net worth covenant, cash liquidity covenant and maximum leverage ratio covenant. 
 With respect to our revolving credit facility, we are required to comply with customary loan covenants and event of default provisions that include, but are not limited to, negative covenants relating to restrictions on operations with respect to our status as a REIT, and financial covenants. Such financial covenants include a minimum aggregate net capital contributions to net costs of investments ratio covenant and a maximum leverage ratio covenant. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the covenants of our financing facilities. 
 32 

Results of Operations 
 We commenced investing in commercial real estate loans in May 2023. Accordingly, our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are not comparable. For further information on our loan portfolio, see discussion on Investment Activities above. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our results of operations consisted of: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands except per share amount 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Net Interest Income Commercial real estate loan interest income 29,889 6,051 23,838 65,444 7,571 57,873 Other interest income 534 21 513 1,362 21 1,341 Interest expense (20,565) (4,896) (15,669) (44,814) (6,484) (38,330) Net interest income 9,858 1,176 8,682 21,992 1,108 20,884 Other Income (Expense) Unrealized gain (loss) on commercial real estate loan investments, net (273) (273) 930 930 Unrealized gain (loss) on secured financing facilities, net 160 160 (762) (762) Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net (213) (213) (213) (213) Gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions, net 85 85 85 85 Commitment fee income, net of related party expense of 4,531, 8,049, 1,125 and 1,993 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 5,140 1,126 4,014 8,658 1,993 6,665 Other income 260 97 163 610 133 477 Total other income (expense), net 5,159 1,223 3,936 9,308 2,126 9,308 Expenses Management and performance fees - related party 822 822 2,124 2,124 Debt issuance and other financing costs related to borrowings, at fair value 5,926 558 5,368 9,616 2,945 6,671 Organizational costs 8 86 (78) 27 690 (663) General and administrative 2,214 1,067 1,147 5,172 1,643 3,529 Total expenses 8,970 1,711 7,259 16,939 5,278 11,661 Net income (loss) 6,047 688 5,359 14,361 (2,044) 16,405 Dividends to preferred stockholders (7) (3) (4) (21) (4) (17) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 6,040 685 5,355 14,340 (2,048) 16,388 Earnings (loss) per share: Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders Basic 0.42 0.55 (0.13) 1.33 (4.88) 6.21 Diluted 0.42 0.55 (0.13) 1.33 (4.88) 6.21 Weighted average number of shares of common stock Basic 14,499,660 1,245,585 13,254,075 10,817,646 420,007 10,397,639 Diluted 14,499,737 1,245,585 13,254,152 10,817,875 420,007 10,397,868 
 
 33 

Net Income (Loss) attributable to Common Stockholders 
 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders increased by 5.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased by 16.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , as compared to September 30, 2023 . The increase across both periods was primarily due to the increase in the number of commercial real estate loan originations during the period, which resulted in an increase in net interest income and commitment fee income, net of related party expenses, as compared to September 30, 2023 . 
 Net Interest Income 
 Interest Income and Average Earning Asset Yields 
 The table below presents information related to our average earning assets and earning asset yields for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Average earning assets (1) 
 1,607,102 318,878 1,118,126 254,289 Average earning assets yield (2) 
 7.44 7.59 7.80 7.15 
 (1) Average earning assets are based on weighted month-end balances. Average earning assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 are based on the weighted month-end balances commencing in May 2023. 
 (2) Average earning asset yield is calculated by dividing interest income by average earning assets. All yields are annualized. 
 Interest Expense and Cost of Funds 
 The table below presents information related to our borrowings and cost of funds for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Average borrowings (1) 
 1,258,857 280,538 867,328 239,846 Maximum borrowings (2) 
 1,604,766 330,335 1,604,766 330,335 Average cost of funds (3) 
 6.53 6.98 6.89 6.49 
 (1) Average borrowings are based on weighted month-end balances. Average borrowings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 are based on the weighted month-end balances commencing in May 2023. 
 (2) Amount represents the maximum borrowings at each month-end within the period. 
 (3) Average cost of funds is calculated by dividing annualized interest expense by average borrowings. 
 Our interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is summarized below: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Secured financing facilities interest expense 19,859 4,026 43,682 4,883 Revolving credit agreement interest expense 706 870 1,132 1,601 Total interest expense 20,565 4,896 44,814 6,484 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net increased by 3.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased by 9.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , as compared to the comparable period ended September 30, 2023 . The increase is primarily due to a higher volume of loan originations during 2024. 
 We generally seek to charge each borrower a commitment fee that is calculated as a percent of the whole loan on a fully-funded basis, as determined by the Adviser at the time of origination. We pay our Adviser 50 (not to exceed 0.5 of the whole loan amount on a fully-funded basis) of any commitment fee charged to borrowers in connection with each new loan. We recognize commitment fees immediately in earnings because we elected the fair value option for our loan investments. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, commitment fee income, after related party expenses, increased by 4.0 million and 6.7 million, respectively, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. We originated 13 and 25 loans 
 34 

during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to four and six loan originations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The valuation of our commercial real estate loans, secured financing facilities, and revolving credit facility is performed by an independent valuation adviser. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not observe material changes in the collateral risks in our portfolio, however we did observe changes in market pricing for similar loan types to those in our portfolio and foreign exchange rate movement on our non-U.S. dollar denominated loans and recorded net unrealized losses of 273,000 and net unrealized gains of 930,000, respectively, on our investments. For the September 30, 2023 comparable periods, we did not record an unrealized gain or loss on our commercial real estate loan investments as we did not observe material changes in the collateral risks or market pricing of our portfolio during the period. We compared the features of our loans to the interest rates and terms required by lenders in the new loan origination market for similar loans, and the yield required by investors acquiring similar loans in the secondary market. We also compared current market and collateral conditions to those present at origination or acquisition. Additionally, for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded net unrealized gains, including foreign exchange rate movement on our non-U.S. dollar denominated borrowings, of 160,000 and a net unrealized losses of 762,000, respectively, on our secured financing facilities following a review of market interest rates, which reflect estimates for how lenders would price equivalent loans for the remaining terms, for similar borrowing agreements with comparable loan-to-value ratios and credit profiles. For the September 30, 2023 comparable periods, we did not record an unrealized gain or loss on our secured financing facilities as we did not observe material changes in the market interest rates during the period. 
 We enter into currency forward contracts to help mitigate the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on our investments and financing transactions denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar. Despite being economic hedges, we have elected not to treat our foreign currency forwards as hedges for accounting purposes and, therefore, the realized and unrealized gains and losses associated with such instruments are included in gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded an unrealized loss on currency forward contracts of 213,000. 
 Expenses 
 Our expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 7.3 million and 11.7 million , respectively, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in expenses is primarily due to increased debt issuance and other financing costs and general and administrative expenses and the recognition of management fees and performance fees. 
 We expense debt issuance and other financing costs as incurred because we elected the fair value option for our secured financing facilities and revolving credit facility. When we incur debt issuance costs prior to a debt facility closing, we expense the costs as incurred if we intend to elect the fair value option to account for the debt facility and the closing is probable as of the balance sheet date. Our debt issuance and other financing costs include upfront lender fees, legal costs directly associated with entering into our debt facilities, and other lender fees associated with our existing debt facilities. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, debt issuance and other financing costs increased by 5.4 million and 6.7 million, respectively, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, average borrowings were 1.3 billion and 867.3 million, respectively, as compared to 280.5 million and 239.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Management fees and performance fees began to accrue on March 1, 2024. The management fee that we pay the Adviser to source our investments and manage our operations is based on our NAV. The performance fee that we pay the Adviser is based on Performance Fee Income as defined in our Advisory Agreement. We will not pay the Adviser a performance fee with respect to any class of shares that has a negative total return per share for the calendar year. Total return is determined based on total distributions plus the change in NAV. 
 Our general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1.1 million and 3.5 million, respectively, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to accounting, legal and other professional fees reflective of the increase in activity over the comparative period. As mentioned above, we commenced investing in commercial real estate loans in May 2023 and had originated six loans by September 30, 2023. At September 30, 2424, we had originated 35 loans. Accordingly, our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are not comparable. 
 35 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to pay dividends, fund investments, repay borrowings, and fund other general business needs. Our sources of funds for liquidity consist of the net proceeds from our continuous private offering, net cash provided by operating activities, proceeds and available borrowings from our secured financing facilities and our revolving credit facility, loan repayments, uncalled capital commitments, and future issuances of equity and/or debt securities. 
 We currently believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources available for the acquisition of additional investments, repayments on borrowings, the payment of cash dividends as required for continued qualification as a REIT, and to repurchase shares of our common stock under our share repurchase plan. Cash needs for items other than loan originations and asset acquisitions are generally met from operations, and cash needs for loan originations and asset acquisitions are funded by our continuous private offering and debt financings. However, there may be a delay between the sale of our shares and our origination of loan assets or purchase of assets that could result in a delay in the benefits to our stockholders, if any, of returns generated from our investment operations. 
 We held cash and cash equivalents of 20.1 million and restricted cash of 13.2 million as of September 30, 2024. Our cash and cash equivalents change due to normal fluctuations in cash balances related to the timing of principal and interest payments and loan origination and funding activity. Our restricted cash changes based on the volume of new subscriptions for our shares. 
 The following table sets forth changes in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities 35,711 4,667 Cash flows from investing activities (1,429,500) (378,970) Cash flows from financing activities 1,401,591 383,417 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 1 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 7,803 9,114 
 Our operating activities provided net cash of 35.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily from amounts advanced by our Adviser under our advisory agreement. 
 Our investing activities used net cash of 1.4 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and consisted of originating 25 commercial real estate loan investments during the period. 
 Our financing activities provided net cash of 1.4 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made net repayments on our revolving credit facility of 14.0 million and we received net proceeds from our secured financing facilities of 1.1 billion and net proceeds from the issuance of redeemable common stock and common stock of 60.0 million and 313.6 million, respectively. We also received net proceeds of 13.2 million from retail investor subscriptions paid in advance. We used cash of 12.9 million and 4.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to pay dividends and debt issuance costs, respectively. Additionally, we used cash of 100.0 million to repurchase redeemable common stock. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our total assets were approximately 2.1 billion and consisted primarily of 35 investments in commercial real estate loans totaling 2.0 billion, restricted cash of 13.2 million and cash and cash equivalents of 20.1 million. We financed our commercial real estate loan investments with 1.6 billion of secured financing facility borrowings. 
 Our primary sources of liquidity include available borrowings under our secured financing facilities and revolving credit facility and cash and cash equivalents. Amounts available under these sources as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are summarized in the following table: 
 in thousands September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents 20,115 1,975 Available borrowings under revolving credit agreements 250,000 86,000 Available borrowings under secured financing facilities 1,257,751 226,283 1,527,866 314,258 
 36 

Our target leverage ratio after we have raised substantial offering proceeds and acquired a broad portfolio of commercial real estate loan investments is approximately 50 to 65 of the aggregate value of the underlying collateral of our commercial real estate loan investments. Leverage ratio calculated for portfolio management purposes is measured by dividing (x) the sum of the Company s outstanding liabilities under its direct leverage strategies, including its secured financing arrangements, by (y) the aggregate of the underlying collateral securing the loans in the Company s portfolio that are not subordinated loans at the time such leverage is incurred. For purposes of determining the value of the underlying collateral of our commercial real estate loan portfolio, the value is calculated as of the date on which the loan is extended to the borrower. 
 We also may use Company-level credit facilities or other financing arrangements that are not secured by commercial real estate loans or other investments as short-term cash management tools to pay fees and expenses, and bridge portfolio-level financing arrangements. There is no limit on the short-term indebtedness the Company may incur under Company-level credit facilities. Company-level credit facility loan balances outstanding for 12 months or longer will be factored into the leverage ratio above. 
 We may call 150 million in capital under the Invesco Subscription Agreement in one or more closings through March 23, 2028. We may also call up to 150 million in additional capital (for a total of 300 million) if needed to avoid triggering any concentration limit imposed by a third party in connection with its distribution or placement of our shares or for purposes of repaying indebtedness drawn on a facility that is secured by uncalled capital subscriptions. Invesco s affiliate may not submit its shares for repurchase under our share repurchase plan until the earlier of March 23, 2028 and the date that our aggregate NAV is at least 1.5 billion. We can only accept a repurchase request from Invesco s affiliate after all requests from unaffiliated stockholders have been fulfilled. We may elect to repurchase all or any portion of the shares acquired by Invesco s affiliate at any time at a per share price equal to the most recently determined NAV per share for the applicable share class. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we may call an additional 234.7 million of the 300 million capital committed under the Invesco Subscription Agreement. 
 In December 2023, an institutional investor committed to purchase up to 200 million of our Class F shares under the Class F Subscription Agreement at one or more closings held prior to December 5, 2024. The Class F stockholder may not submit its shares for repurchase under our share repurchase plan until the earlier of (i) the date our NAV reaches 1.5 billion and (ii) March 23, 2028. However, the Class F stockholder is entitled to request that we repurchase its shares in the event that there is a key person event or a material strategy change as defined in the terms of the Class F subscription agreement. As of September 30, 2024, we have fully called capital committed under the Class F Subscription Agreement. 
 If we are unable to raise substantial funds in our Continuous Offering, we will make fewer investments resulting in less diversification in terms of the type, number, and size of investments we make. Our inability to raise substantial funds would increase our fixed operating expenses as a percentage of gross income, reduce our net income, and limit our ability to make distributions. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we owed the Adviser 21.4 million consisting of advanced organizational costs and offering expenses, advanced operating expenses, operating expenses incurred by the Adviser not covered under the advance, management and performance fees, and commitment fees. The Adviser advanced all of our organizational costs and offering expenses (other than upfront selling commissions and ongoing stockholder servicing fees), and all of our operating expenses, including debt issuance costs, incurred through May 31, 2024. We will reimburse the Adviser for all advanced organizational costs, offering expense and operating expenses ratably over the 52 months commencing December 1, 2024. We will reimburse the Adviser on a quarterly basis for organizational costs, offering expenses and operating expenses incurred subsequent to May 31, 2024. Management fees and performance fees began to accrue on March 1, 2024. Management fees will be paid quarterly in arrears and performance fees will be paid annually. Commitment fees are not advanced by the Adviser and are currently payable to the Adviser. Refer to Note 12 - Related Party Transactions of our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Report for the components of due to affiliates as of September 30, 2024. 
 Forward-Looking Statements Regarding Liquidity 
 During the periods when we are selling more shares than we are repurchasing, we primarily use our capital to acquire our investments, which we also fund with other capital resources. During periods when we are repurchasing more shares than we are selling, we primarily use our capital to fund repurchases. During the months ended July 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024, we did not receive any repurchase requests under our Share Repurchase Plan. During the month ended August 31, 2024, we received repurchase requests below the applicable repurchase limits under our Share Repurchase Plan and fulfilled all repurchase requests. We continue to believe that our current liquidity position is sufficient to meet the needs of our business. 
 In addition, we may have other funding obligations, which we expect to satisfy with the cash flows generated from our investments and our capital resources described above. Such obligations may include distributions to our stockholders, 
 37 

operating expenses, repayment of indebtedness, and debt service on our outstanding indebtedness. Our operating expenses include, among other things, the management fee and performance fee we pay to the Adviser, both of which will impact our liquidity to the extent the Adviser elects to receive such payments in cash, or subsequently redeems Class E shares previously issued to them. To date, the Adviser has elected to be paid in Class E shares, resulting in a non-cash expense. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Commitments and contingencies may arise in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2024, we had unfunded commitments of 246.0 million for certain of our commercial real estate loan investments. Unfunded commitments generally consist of funding for leasing costs, interest reserves and capital expenditures. Funding depends on timing of lease-up, renovation and capital improvements as well as satisfaction of certain cash flow tests. Therefore, the exact timing and amounts of such future loan fundings are uncertain. We expect to fund our loan commitments over the remaining current maturity of the related loans of 2.30 years. 
 We have also committed to pay counterparty legal, diligence and other fees in connection with new financing facilities in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 With the exception of those disclosed in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Report, there have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates that are disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Recent Accounting Standards 
 In November 2023, the Financial Standards Accounting Board issued an accounting standards update intended to improve reportable segment disclosure requirements on an annual and interim basis. The amendments require, among other items, enhanced disclosures around significant segment expenses regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker CODM ), as well as the CODM's title and position. Additionally, the amendments expand the scope of all segment reporting disclosure requirements to include those entities with only a single operating segment, such as us. 
 We are required to implement the amendments in our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 and for interim periods thereafter. 
 
 Net Asset Value NAV 
 We calculate our NAV each month in accordance with valuation guidelines approved by our board of directors. We calculate our NAV for each class of shares based on the net asset values of our investments (including but not limited to commercial real estate loans and debt securities), the addition of any other assets (such as cash, restricted cash, receivables, and other assets obtained in the ordinary course of business), and the deduction of any liabilities (including but not limited to financing facilities, Company-level credit facilities, securitized loans, payables, and other liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business). NAV is not a measure used under U.S. GAAP and the valuations of and certain adjustments made to our assets and liabilities used in the determination of NAV differs from U.S. GAAP. NAV is not equivalent to stockholders equity or any other U.S. GAAP measure. 
 38 

The following table reconciles U.S. GAAP stockholders equity per our condensed consolidated balance sheets to our NAV: 
 in thousands September 30, 2024 Stockholders' equity 356,883 Adjustments: Redeemable common stock - related party (1) 
 66,024 Organizational costs advanced by Adviser (2) 
 724 Offering costs advanced by Adviser (3) 
 1,261 Operating expenses advanced by Adviser (4) 
 12,348 Accrued stockholder servicing fees not currently payable (5) 
 5,732 Unamortized debt costs (6) 
 5,641 Preferred stock liquidation preference (228) NAV 448,385 
 (1) We classify common stock held by the Adviser and by an Invesco affiliate as redeemable common stock and include the value of these shares as a component of our NAV. We report our redeemable common stock on our condensed consolidated balance sheets at redemption value. Redemption value is determined based on our net asset value NAV per share as of our balance sheet date. 
 (2) The Adviser advanced all of our organizational costs through May 31, 2024. We expense our organizational costs as incurred in our condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income. We will reimburse the Adviser for all of our organizational costs advanced through May 31, 2024 ratably over the 52 months commencing December 1, 2024. We will reimburse the Adviser for any organizational costs incurred subsequent to May 31, 2024 as incurred. For purposes of calculating our NAV, organizational costs paid by the Adviser through May 31, 2024 will not be recognized as an expense until we reimburse the Adviser for these costs. 
 (3) The Adviser advanced all of our offering costs through May 31, 2024. We will reimburse the Adviser for all of our offering costs incurred through May 31, 2024 ratably over 52 months commencing December 1, 2024. For purposes of calculating our NAV, offering costs paid by the Adviser through May 31, 2024 will not be recognized as a reduction in NAV until we reimburse the Adviser for these costs. 
 (4) The Adviser advanced all of our operating expenses, including 5.5 million for general and administrative expenses and 7.0 million for debt issuance and other financing costs, through May 31, 2024. These costs include 172,000 of certain prepaid expenses that are classified as other assets in our U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements that have also been excluded from our NAV. We will reimburse the Adviser for all of our advanced operating expenses incurred through May 31, 2024 ratably over 52 months commencing December 1, 2024. We will reimburse the Adviser for any operating expenses incurred subsequent to May 31, 2024 as incurred. For purposes of calculating our NAV, operating expenses paid by the Adviser on our behalf through May 31, 2024 will not be reflected in our NAV until we reimburse the Adviser for these costs. 
 (5) We have entered into an agreement with the Dealer Manager in connection with the Continuous Offering. Under the terms of our agreement, the Dealer Manager is entitled to receive upfront selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees for Class S, Class S-1, Class D and Class D-1 shares sold in the Continuous Offering. As of September 30, 2024, we have accrued stockholder servicing fees totaling 5.8 million of which 86,000 is currently payable to the Dealer Manager. 
 (6) In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we expense debt issuance costs and other financing costs as incurred that relate to our debt facilities for which we have elected the fair value option. However, for purposes of NAV, debt issuance and other financing costs are capitalized and expensed over the life of the facility. 
 
 39 

The following table details the major components of our NAV as of September 30, 2024 : 
 in thousands, except share data September 30, 2024 Commercial real estate loan investments, at fair value 2,043,967 Cash and cash equivalents 20,115 Restricted cash 13,229 Interest receivable 6,101 Due from affiliate 231 Derivative assets, at fair value 8 Other assets (1) 
 558 Unamortized debt costs (2) 
 5,641 Secured lending agreements, at fair value (1,515,001) Term lending agreement, at fair value (90,380) Interest payable (4,558) Derivative liabilities, at fair value (221) Dividends and distributions payable (5,411) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities (18,733) Due to affiliates (3) 
 (6,933) Preferred stock liquidation preference (228) Net asset value 448,385 Number of outstanding shares (4) 
 17,708,686 
 (1) Excludes 172,000 of certain prepaid expenses advanced by the Adviser that are classified as other assets in our U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements. 
 (2) In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we expense debt issuance costs and other financing costs as incurred that relate to our debt facilities for which we have elected the fair value option. However, for purposes of NAV, debt issuance and other financing costs are capitalized and expensed over the life of the facility. 
 (3) Excludes (i) amounts advanced by the Adviser of 724,000 for organizational costs, 1.3 million for offering costs, 7.0 million for debt issuance and other financing costs and 5.5 million for general and administrative expenses and (ii) accrued stockholder servicing fees not currently payable to the Dealer Manager of 5.7 million. 
 (4) Includes 2,624,401 shares of common stock that are classified as redeemable common stock. 
 The following table provides a breakdown of our total NAV and NAV per share by class as of September 30, 2024: 
 in thousands, except per share data Class S Shares Class S-1 Shares Class D Shares Class I Shares Class E Shares Class F Shares Total Net asset value 16,507 123,581 16,356 67,823 19,480 204,638 448,385 Number of outstanding shares (1) 
 658,550 4,910,334 652,947 2,699,032 768,970 8,018,853 17,708,686 NAV Per Share (2) 
 25.07 25.17 25.05 25.13 25.33 25.52 
 (1) Includes 652,479 Class S shares, 652,836 Class D shares, 651,538 Class I shares and 667,548 Class E shares that are classified as redeemable common stock. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024, we had not sold any Class D-1 shares. 
 40 

Funds from Operations and Funds Available for Distribution 
 Funds from operations FFO and funds available for distribution FAD ), as defined below, are not measures used under U.S. GAAP and certain adjustments made to our U.S. GAAP net income (loss) used in the determination of FFO and FAD will differ from U.S. GAAP. FFO and FAD should not be considered to be more relevant or accurate than the U.S. GAAP methodology in calculating net income (loss) or in evaluating our operating performance. FFO and FAD should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) as indications of our performance or as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities as indications of our liquidity, but rather should be reviewed in conjunction with these and other U.S. GAAP measurements. Further, FFO and FAD are not intended to be used as liquidity measures indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, our methodology for calculating FAD may differ from methodologies employed by other companies to calculate the same or similar supplemental performance measures, and accordingly, our reported FAD may not be comparable to the FAD reported by other companies. 
 FFO is a standard REIT industry metric defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ). NAREIT defines FFO as net income or loss (computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP), excluding (i) gains or losses from sales of depreciable real property, (ii) impairment write-downs on depreciable real property, plus (iii) real estate-related depreciation and amortization and (iv) similar adjustments for non-controlling interests and unconsolidated entities. 
 Our business objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders, primarily through dividends. We believe FAD is a meaningful non-GAAP measure that provides useful information for considering our operating results relative to the amount of our distributions by removing the impact of certain non-cash items or items not considered ongoing operating costs from our operating results. Organizational costs advanced by the Adviser are removed to arrive at FAD as these costs are reflective of the costs incurred to stand up our operations and are not considered ongoing operating costs. Offering costs related to preferred stock issuances, similarly, were organizational in nature and are not considered reflective of ongoing operational costs. 
 FAD is calculated as FFO excluding (i) organizational costs advanced by the Adviser, (ii) preferred stock offering costs, (iii) equity based compensation awards and amortization of unvested restricted stock awards, (iv) unrealized (gains) losses from changes in the fair value of financial instruments, (v) unrealized (gains) losses from derivative instruments, net, (vi) (gain) loss on foreign currency transaction, net, (vii) operating expenses advanced by the Adviser until the advanced expenses are reimbursed to the Adviser, (viii) management fees and performance fees paid in shares of our common stock even if repurchased by us, and (ix) stockholder servicing fees paid during the period. FAD is not indicative of cash available to fund our cash needs and does not represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Cash flows from operating activities in accordance with U.S. GAAP would generally include adjustments for working capital items and actual cash receipts from interest income recognized on commercial real estate loan investments, which are excluded for FAD. Furthermore, FAD is adjusted for stockholder servicing fees, which are not considered when determining cash flows from operating activities in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We may add additional adjustments from FFO to arrive at FAD as appropriate; for example, repayment of organizational costs to the Adviser will reduce FAD in the periods such payments are made. 
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT, U.S. federal income tax law generally requires that we distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income annually, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains. We plan to distribute at least 100 of our REIT taxable income. Because we view funds available for distribution as a consistent measure of our investment portfolio's ability to generate income for distribution to common stockholders, funds available for distribution is one metric, but not the exclusive metric, that our Board uses to determine the amount, if any, and the payment date of dividends on our common stock. However, funds available for distribution should not be considered as an indication of our taxable income, a guaranty of our ability to pay dividends or as a proxy for the amount of dividends we may pay, as funds available for distribution excludes certain items that impact our cash needs. 
 41 

The table below provides a reconciliation of U.S. GAAP net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders to FFO and FAD f or the following periods: 
 in thousands Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 6,040 14,340 Funds from operations (FFO) 6,040 14,340 Adjustments: Organizational costs advanced by Adviser (1) 
 17 Equity based compensation expense 19 56 Unrealized (gain) loss on commercial real estate loan investments, net 273 (930) Unrealized (gain) loss on secured financing facilities, net (160) 762 Unrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments, net 213 213 (Gain) loss on foreign currency transactions, net (85) (85) Operating expenses advanced by Adviser (2) 
 136 5,699 Non-cash management fee 456 908 Non-cash performance fee 366 1,216 Stockholder servicing fees paid to the Dealer Manager (225) (470) Funds available for distribution (FAD) 7,033 21,726 
 (1) Represents organizational costs as reported on our condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income, excluding certain organizational costs not advanced by the Adviser of 8,000 and 10,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 (2) Operating expenses advanced by the Adviser consist of: 
 in thousands Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Debt issuance and other financing costs related to borrowings, at fair value 5,926 9,616 General and administrative expenses 2,214 5,172 Less: equity based compensation expense (19) (56) Less: operating expenses not advanced by the Adviser (7,985) (9,033) Total operating expenses advanced by the Adviser 136 5,699 
 The components of funds available for distribution for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are: 
 in thousands Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Net interest income 9,858 21,992 Commitment fee income, net of related party expense 5,140 8,658 Other income 260 610 Stockholder servicing fees paid to the Dealer Manager (225) (470) Organizational costs not advanced by the Adviser (8) (10) Operating expenses not advanced by the Adviser (7,985) (9,033) Subtotal 7,040 21,747 Dividends to preferred stockholders (7) (21) Funds available for distribution (FAD) 7,033 21,726 
 
 Distributions 
 We generally intend to distribute substantially all of our taxable income, which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, to our stockholders each year to comply with the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code and minimize tax liability. 
 We began declaring monthly distributions in August 2023 with a cumulative distribution from funds available for distribution up to that point. The net distribution varies for each class based on the applicable stockholder servicing fee, which is deducted from the monthly distribution per share and paid directly to the applicable distributor. 
 42 

The table below details the net distribution per share for each of our common share classes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Declaration Date Class S Shares Class S-1 Shares Class D Shares Class I Shares Class E Shares Class F Shares January 31, 2024 0.1600 0.1419 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 February 29, 2024 0.1600 0.1419 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 March 31, 2024 (1) 
 0.1600 0.1428 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 March 31, 2024 (1) 
 0.3800 0.3800 0.3800 0.3800 0.3800 April 30, 2024 0.1600 0.1426 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 May 31, 2024 (2) 
 0.1600 0.1419 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 May 31, 2024 (2) 
 0.3000 0.3000 0.3000 0.3000 0.3000 0.3000 June 30, 2024 0.1583 0.1426 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 July 31, 2024 0.1583 0.1420 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 August 31, 2024 0.1582 0.1419 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 September 30, 2024 (3) 
 0.1598 0.1424 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 0.1600 September 30, 2024 (3) 
 0.1500 0.1500 0.1500 0.1500 0.1500 0.1500 Total 2.2646 2.1100 2.2700 2.2700 2.2700 1.4100 
 (1) On March 31, 2024, we declared a monthly distribution of 0.1600 per share and a special distribution of 0.3800 per share for each share class. 
 (2) On May 31, 2024, we declared a monthly distribution of 0.1600 per share and a special distribution of 0.3000 per share for each share class. 
 (3) On September 30, 2024, we declared a monthly distribution of 0.1600 per share and a special distribution of 0.1500 per share for each share class. 
 The following table summarizes our distributions declared during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 in thousands Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Distributions Payable in cash 2,473 26 11,730 51 Reinvested in shares 6,928 74 11,231 49 Total distributions 9,401 100 22,961 100 Sources of Distributions Cash flows from operating activities (1) 
 9,401 100 22,961 100 Offering proceeds Financing proceeds Total sources of distribution 9,401 100 22,961 100 Net cash provided by operating activities 17,185 35,711 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, our inception to date cash flows from operating activities funded 100 of our distributions. 
 43 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The Company may be exposed to market risk with respect to the fair value of commercial real estate loans and borrowings due to changes in market conditions, including spreads, benchmark interest rates, property cash flows, and commercial property values that serve as collateral. While we do not seek to avoid risk completely, we believe that risk can be quantified from historical experience, and we seek to actively manage that risk, to earn sufficient compensation to justify taking those risks and to maintain capital levels consistent with the risks we undertake. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental, monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations, and other factors beyond our control. We are exposed to interest rate volatility primarily as a result of the floating rate nature of the commercial real estate loans we hold and the financing we place on them. Additionally, we may use Company-level credit facilities featuring floating interest rates for liquidity and working capital purposes. Furthermore, we may make investments in fixed and floating rate debt securities; the value of our positions may increase or decrease depending on interest rate movements. Finally, interest rate changes may impact the availability of financing needed to expand our investment portfolio. 
 A rise in benchmark interest rates, such as SOFR, can be expected to lead to higher interest income earned (calculated as benchmark interest rate plus spread) on any variable rate commercial real estate loan we may hold and to declines in the value of any fixed rate commercial real estate loan we may hold. Rising benchmark interest rates carry default risk to our borrowers, because debt service payments may increase relative to cash flows from underlying properties, triggering borrower liquidity covenants. Therefore, we expect to protect interest income by requiring borrowers to purchase benchmark interest rate caps, which provides a hedge against rising benchmark interest rates, whereby the borrower will receive excess cash if benchmark interest rates exceed predetermined strike prices. Furthermore, rising benchmark interest rates also cause our overall cost of borrowing to increase, partially offsetting any increase in elevated interest income earned on our variable rate commercial real estate loan. We may use derivative financial instruments to hedge benchmark interest rate exposure on our borrowings to mitigate the impact on our debt service payments. An increase in benchmark interest rates may result in an increase in our net interest income and the amount of performance fees payable to the Adviser. 
 A decline in benchmark interest rates can be expected to lead to lower interest income earned from any variable rate commercial real estate loan we hold and increases in the value of any fixed rate commercial real estate loan we may hold. To mitigate the impact of reduced earnings as a result of declining benchmark interest rates, we expect to structure benchmark interest rate floors into each loan where the borrower will be required to pay minimum debt service payments should benchmark interest rates fall below a predetermined rate. Additionally, reduced benchmark interest rates also cause our overall cost of borrowings to decrease. Because our borrowings do not feature interest rate floors, but our variable rate commercial real estate loan feature minimum debt service payments due to us, declining benchmark interest rates below the structured floors may result in an increase to the net interest income received and in the amount of performance fees payable to the Adviser. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 2.0 billion of outstanding principal on our floating rate commercial real estate loans, 1,604.8 million outstanding on our floating rate financing facilities and no balance outstanding on our Company-level credit facilities. 
 The net interest income sensitivity analysis table presented below shows the estimated impact over a twelve-month period of an instantaneous parallel shift in the yield curve, up and down by 100 basis points on our net interest income, assuming no changes in the composition of our commercial real estate loan investment portfolio and our outstanding borrowings in effect as of September 30, 2024. The analysis presented utilized assumptions, models and estimates of our Adviser based on our Adviser s judgment and experience. 
 in thousands At September 30, 2024 
 Change in Interest Rates 
 Projected Increase (Decrease) in Net Interest Income 
 Percentage Change in Projected Net Interest Income 
 +1.00 3,718 8.41 -1.00 5,818 13.17 
 Certain assumptions have been made in connection with the calculation of the information set forth in the foregoing interest rate sensitivity table (e.g., excluding the settlement of currency forward contracts) and, as such, there can be no assurance that assumed events will occur or that other events will not occur that would affect the outcomes. The interest rate scenarios assume 
 44 

interest rates at September 30, 2024. Furthermore, while the analysis reflects the estimated impact of interest rate increases and decreases on a static portfolio, we actively manage the size and composition of our investments, which can result in material changes to our interest rate risk in the portfolio. 
 The information set forth in the interest rate sensitivity table above and all related disclosures constitutes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimated in the foregoing interest rate sensitivity table. 
 Credit Risk 
 We are exposed to credit risk in our commercial real estate loans with respect to a borrower s ability to make required debt service payments to us and repay the unpaid principal balance in accordance with the terms of the applicable loan agreement. We manage this risk by conducting a credit analysis prior to making an investment and by actively monitoring our portfolio and the underlying credit quality, including subordination and diversification, of our commercial real estate loans. In addition, we re-evaluate the credit risk inherent in our commercial real estate loans on a regular basis under fundamental considerations such as gross domestic product, unemployment, interest rates, retail sales, store closing/openings, corporate earnings, housing inventory, affordability and regional home price trends. 
 While our investment objectives include avoiding excess sponsor/borrower concentration, we expect to experience some level of sponsor/borrower concentration prior to the time that we have raised substantial offering proceeds and acquired a broad portfolio of Credit Assets. As of September 30, 2024, we have invested in 35 commercial real estate loans with a fair value of 2.0 billion. Our portfolio includes the following loans that are cross collateralized and cross defaulted under master credit agreements with a single borrower. 
 Counterparty Loan Count Fair Value of Loan Portfolio Borrower A (1) 
 3 239,845 12 Borrower B 3 304,486 15 
 (1) The Company has committed to fund an additional 27.4 million under the master credit agreement for leasing costs, interest reserves and capital expenditures. The loans that the Company has made under the master credit agreement are guaranteed by an affiliate of the borrower that, in turn, indirectly owns the borrower. 
 We are exposed to credit risk with respect to the tenants that occupy properties that serve as collateral to our commercial real estate loans. To mitigate this risk, we seek to avoid large single tenant exposure and we undertake a credit evaluation of major tenants prior to making a loan. This analysis includes extensive due diligence of a potential tenant s creditworthiness and business, as well as an assessment of the strategic importance of the property to the tenant s core business operations. 
 Finally, we may be exposed to counterparty credit risk under the terms of a derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty will owe us, which creates credit risk for us. If the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we will owe the counterparty and, therefore, do not have credit risk. We seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties. 
 Market Risk 
 Market Value Risk 
 We may also be exposed to market risk with respect to the fair value of our commercial real estate loans, debt securities and borrowings due to changes in market conditions, including spreads, benchmark interest rates, property cash flows, and commercial property values that serve as collateral. We seek to manage our exposure to market risk by originating or acquiring commercial real estate loans secured by different property types located in diverse, but liquid markets with stable credit ratings. The fair value of our commercial real estate loans, debt securities and borrowings may fluctuate, therefore the amount we will realize upon any repayment, sale, or an alternative liquidation event is unknown. 
 The investment portfolio value sensitivity analysis table presented below shows the estimated impact of a change in market benchmark spreads, up and down 100 basis points, on the fair value of our benchmark spread-sensitive investments and borrowings as of September 30, 2024, assuming a static portfolio and constant financing. When evaluating the impact of changes in benchmark spreads, prepayment assumptions and principal reinvestment rates are adjusted based on our Adviser s expectations. The analysis presented utilized assumptions, models and estimates of our Adviser based on our Adviser s judgment and experience. 
 45 

in thousands At September 30, 2024 
 Change in Market Spreads 
 Projected Increase (Decrease) in Net Portfolio Value 
 Percentage Change in Projected Net Portfolio Value 
 +1.00 (7,993) (1.82) -1.00 2,191 0.50 
 Certain assumptions have been made in connection with the calculation of the information set forth in the foregoing spread sensitivity table and, as such, there can be no assurance that assumed events will occur or that other events will not occur that would affect the outcomes. Furthermore, while the analysis reflects the estimated impact of spread increases and decreases on a static portfolio, we actively manage the size and composition of our investments, which can result in material changes to our benchmark spread risk in the portfolio. 
 The information set forth in the spread sensitivity tables above and all related disclosures constitutes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimated in the foregoing spread sensitivity table. 
 Real Estate Risk 
 Commercial property values are subject to volatility and may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: national, regional and local economic conditions; local real estate conditions; changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; and retroactive changes to building or similar codes and/or tax and legal considerations. Changes in commercial property values are difficult to predict with accuracy. We model a range of valuation scenarios and the resulting impacts to our business. 
 Currency Risk 
 Our commercial real estate loan investments that are denominated in a foreign currency are subject to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We generally mitigate this exposure by matching the currency of our foreign currency assets to the currency of the borrowings that finance those assets. We typically enter into a series of foreign currency forward contracts to fix the U.S. dollar amount of foreign currency denominated cash flows (primarily interest income and principal payments) we expect to receive from our foreign currency denominated investments. As a result, we substantially reduce our exposure to changes in portfolio value related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 While such transactions are entered into in an effort to minimize our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, there can be no assurance that our hedges will eliminate all of our currency risk. If actual prepayments of our foreign currency-denominated loans are faster or slower than expected, the hedge instruments are unlikely to fully protect us from changes in the valuation of such foreign currency. Further, there is counterparty risk associated with the future creditworthiness of our foreign currency hedge counterparties. When determining the fair value of our currency forward contracts, we consider the effect of nonperformance risk as a part of the valuation process and include a credit risk adjustment where appropriate. Additionally, we may be required under certain circumstances to collateralize our currency hedges for the benefit of a hedge counterparty, which could adversely affect our liquidity. 
 Despite being economic hedges, we have elected not to treat our foreign currency forwards as hedges for accounting purposes and, therefore, the changes in the value of such instruments, including actual and accrued payments, are included in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 

46 

The following table represents our assets and liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency (amounts in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 Euro GBP Foreign currency assets 173,409 83,096 Foreign currency liabilities (138,724) (66,467) Foreign currency contracts - notional, net (39,474) (19,417) Net exposure to exchange rate fluctuations (4,789) (2,788) Net exposure to exchange rate fluctuations in USD (1) 
 (5,345) (3,733) 
 (1) Represents the U.S. dollar equivalent based on the Euro closing rate of 1.1161 and GBP closing rate of 1.3388 as of September 30, 2024. 
 For further information regarding our foreign currency forward contracts, see Note 7 - Derivatives and Hedging Activities of our condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I. Item 1 of this Report. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report was made under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ). Based upon this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report our disclosure controls and procedures (a) are effective to reasonably ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and forms and (b) include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 47 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2024, we were not involved in any such legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There were no material changes during the period covered by this Quarterly Report to the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024. Additional risks not presently known, or that we currently deem immaterial, also may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, USE OF PROCEEDS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 On July 16, 2024, we issued 12,456 Class S-1 shares at a price per share of 25.0306 for a total value of 312,000, 5,903 Class I shares at a price per share of 25.0046 for a total value of 148,000, 263 Class E shares at a price per share of 25.1735 for a total value of 7,000, and 30,040 Class F shares at a price per share of 25.2855 for a total value of 760,000 under our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 On August 15, 2024, we issued 13,519 Class S-1 shares at a price per share of 25.0681 for a total value of 339,000, 6,304 Class I shares at a price per share of 25.0478 for a total value of 158,000, 327 Class E shares at a price per share of 25.2294 for a total value of 8,000, and 32,670 Class F shares at a price per share of 25.3329 for a total value of 828,000 under our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 On September 13, 2024, we issued 14,931 Class S-1 shares at a price per share of 25.1096 for a total value of 375,000, 7,419 Class I shares at a price per share of 25.0888 for a total value of 185,000, 328 Class E shares at a price per share of 25.2899 for a total value of 8,000, and 50,182 Class F shares at a price per share of 25.4075 for a total value of 1.3 million under our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 The transactions described above were exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We have adopted a share repurchase plan, whereby on a monthly basis, stockholders may request that we repurchase all or any portion of their shares of our common stock, subject to the terms and conditions of the share repurchase plan. We may choose, in our discretion, to repurchase all, some or none of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased at the end of any month, subject to any limitations in the share repurchase plan. 
 The total amount of share repurchases under the plan is limited to 2 of our aggregate NAV per month and 5 of our aggregate NAV per calendar quarter. 
 Shares will be repurchased at a price equal to the transaction price on the applicable repurchase date, subject to any early repurchase deduction. Our transaction price will generally equal our prior month's NAV per share for that share class. Shares repurchased within one year of the date of issuance generally will be repurchased at 95 of the current transaction price, subject to certain limited exceptions. Due to the illiquid nature of investments in commercial real estate loans, we may not have sufficient liquid resources to fund repurchase requests. Our board of directors may modify or suspend the share repurchase plan. 
 48 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased shares of our common stock in the following amounts: 
 Month of: Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Repurchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Maximum Number of Shares Pending Repurchase Pursuant to Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (3) 
 July 2024 August 2024 10,644 23.92 10,644 September 2024 10,644 23.92 10,644 
 (1) Shares repurchased within one year of the date of issuance generally will be repurchased at 95 of the current transaction price, subject to certain limited exception. 
 (2) Publicly announced plans or programs include share repurchases under our share repurchase plan, if any. 
 (3) All repurchase requests under our share repurchase plan were satisfied. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 On November 11, 2024, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement (the A R DMA by and among the Company, the Adviser and Invesco Distributors, Inc. (the Dealer Manager in order to permit the Dealer Manager, if previously approved by the Company s board of directors in accordance with the Company s Charter, to enter into an agreement with a participating distribution agent that provides that the Company will cease paying stockholder servicing fees, and Class S Shares or Class D Shares will automatically convert to a number of Class I Shares with an equivalent NAV, once total upfront selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees paid with respect to such Class S Shares or Class D Shares equal an amount of gross proceeds from the sale of such Shares (including the gross proceeds of any Shares issued under the distribution reinvestment plan) in an amount other than 8.75 . The A R DMA aligns its provisions with the Company s Charter that permits a deviation from 8.75 , in an amount not exceeding 10 , if approved by the Company s board of directors and disclosed by the Company. 
 The summary of the A R DMA set forth above does not purport to be a complete summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the A R DMA, a copy of which is filed herewith and incorporated by reference herein. 
 In connection with its approval of the A R DMA, the Company s board of directors approved for one participating broker-dealer that the Company will cease paying the stockholder servicing fees, and Class S Shares held in a stockholder s account will automatically convert to a number of Class I Shares with an equivalent NAV, once total upfront selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees paid with respect to the Class S Shares held by such stockholder within such account equal 6 of the gross proceeds from the sale of such Shares (including the gross proceeds of any Class S Shares issued under the distribution reinvestment plan). 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on June 29, 2023. 
 3.2 Articles of Amendment of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10/A, filed with the SEC on August 25, 2023. 
 3.3 Articles of Amendment of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 1 of our Current Report on Form 8- K , filed with the SEC on Au gust 21, 2024 . 
 3.4 Certificate of Correction to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Company 
 
 49 

3.5 Articles Supplementary Classifying and Designating a Class of Preferred Stock as 12.5 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock and Fixing Distribution and Other Preferences and Rights of Such Class, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on June 29, 2023. 
 3.6 Articles Supplementary Classifying and Designating a Class of Common Stock as Class S-1 Common Stock and Fixing Distribution and Other Preferences and Rights of Such Class, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10/A, filed with the SEC on August 25, 2023. 
 3.7 Articles Supplementary filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland effective on October 16, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 19, 2023. 
 3.8 Articles Supplementary Classifying and Designating a Class of Common Stock as Class F Common Stock and Fixing Distribution and Other Preferences and Rights of Such Class, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 11, 2023. 
 3.9 Articles Supplementary Classifying and Designating a Class of Common Stock as Class D-1 Common Stock and Fixing Distribution and Other Preferences and Rights of Such Class, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 2 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 21, 2024. 
 3.10 Bylaws of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on June 29, 2023. 
 4.1 Second Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan , effective August 20, 2024 , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K , filed with the SEC on August 21, 2024 . 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement by and among the Company , Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Investments, LP and Invesco Advisers, Inc., dated August 20, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 21, 2024. 
 10.2 First Amendment to Revolving Credit Facility, dated August 16, 2024, by and among INCREF Borrower, LLC, Invesco Advisers, Inc., and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent and as a Lender, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 21, 2024. 
 10.3 Amendment No. 3, dated August 16, 2024, to the Subscription Agreement, dated March 23, 2023 between the Co mpany and Invesco Realty, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 21, 2024. 
 10.4 Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement, dated November 11, 2024, by and among the Company, Invesco Adviser s, Inc. and Invesco Distributors, Inc. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 
 The following financial information from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Redeemable Equity Instruments; and (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other 
 50 

documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 

51 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

INVESCO COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST, INC. November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Hubert J. Crouch Hubert J. Crouch Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Courtney Popelka Courtney Popelka Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 52 

<EX-3.4>
 2
 incref093024-exx34.htm
 EX-3.4

Document 

Exhibit 3.4 

INVESCO COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST, INC. 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF CORRECTION 

THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT 
 
 FIRST The title of the document being corrected is Articles of Amendment and Restatement (the Articles ). 
 
 SECOND The sole party to the Articles is Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ). 
 
 THIRD The Articles were filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland (the SDAT on April 4, 2023. 
 
 FOURTH Section 7.3 of Article VII of the Articles as previously filed with the SDAT is set forth below 
 
 Section 7.3 Authorization by Board of Stock Issuance. The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance from time to time of Shares of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, or securities or rights convertible into Shares of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, for such consideration as the Board of Directors may deem advisable (including as compensation for the Independent Directors or without consideration in the case of a stock split or stock dividend), subject to such restrictions or limitations, if any, as may be set forth in the Charter or the Bylaws. 
 
 FIFTH Section 7.3 of Article VII of the Articles as corrected hereby is set forth below 
 
 Section 7.3 Authorization by Board of Stock Issuance. The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance from time to time of Shares of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, or securities or rights convertible into Shares of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, for such consideration as the Board of Directors may deem advisable (including as compensation for the Independent Directors (as defined in the Bylaws) or without consideration in the case of a stock split or stock dividend), subject to such restrictions or limitations, if any, as may be set forth in the Charter or the Bylaws. 
 
 SIXTH The undersigned acknowledges this Certificate of Correction to be the corporate act of the Corporation and as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned acknowledges that to the best of his knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Correction to be signed in its name and on its behalf by its Chief Executive Officer and attested to by its Secretary on this 9 th day of August, 2024. 
 
 ATTEST INVESCO COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE 
 FINANCE TRUST, INC. 

s Tina M. Carew s Hubert J. Crouch 
 _______________________________ By _____________________________ (SEAL) 
 Name Tina M. Carew Name Hubert J. Crouch 
 Title Secretary Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-3.4>

<EX-10.4>
 3
 incref093024-exx104.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

Exhibit 10.4 
 INVESCO COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST, INC. 
 DEALER MANAGER AGREEMENT 
 November 11, 2024 
 Invesco Distributors, Inc. 
 11 Greenway Plaza 
 Suite 1000 
 Houston, Texas 77046-1173 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), is offering (the Offering upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Company s Private Placement Memorandum (as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, including all appendixes and exhibits thereto, the Memorandum ), shares of the Company s Class D Common Stock Class D Shares ), Class D-1 Common Stock Class D-1 Shares ), Class E Common Stock Class E Shares ), Class I Common Stock Class I Shares ), Class S Common Stock Class S Shares and Class S-1 Common Stock Class S-1 Shares ), 0.01 par value per share (collectively, the Shares ). The Offering is a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), pursuant to Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act Regulation D ). Each subscriber will be required to enter into a subscription agreement (as may be amended by the Company from time to time, the Subscription Agreement ), and will, upon acceptance of the subscription by the Company, become a stockholder of the Company (individually a Stockholder and collectively the Stockholders ). 
 
 Except as otherwise agreed by the Company and the Dealer Manager (as defined below), Shares sold through the Dealer Manager are to be sold through the Dealer Manager, as the dealer manager, and the Participating Distribution Agents (as defined below) with whom the Dealer Manager has entered into or will enter into Participating Distribution Agreements (as defined below). The Shares will be offered and sold as described under the caption Subscriptions, Share Repurchase Program, Plan of Distribution and Valuation Plan of Distribution in the Memorandum. The purchase price per Share will vary and will generally equal the prior month s net asset value NAV per Share applicable to the class of Shares being purchased, as determined monthly (in accordance with the NAV calculation procedures described in the Memorandum), or at a different offering price made available to investors in cases where the Company believes there has been a material change to the NAV per Share since the end of the prior month, which is referred to herein as the transaction price , plus in either case any applicable upfront selling commissions, subject in certain circumstances to reductions thereof as described in the Memorandum. For stockholders who participate in the Company s distribution reinvestment plan (the DRP ), the cash distributions attributable to the class of Shares that each stockholder owns will be automatically invested in additional Shares of the same class. All Shares sold pursuant to the DRP are to be issued and sold to stockholders of the Company at a purchase price equal to the transaction price of the applicable class of Shares on the date that the distribution is payable. 
 The Shares will be offered and sold in the Offering until the earliest to occur of (1) the date upon which any maximum offering amount of Shares, as set forth in the Memorandum, is sold and (2) the date upon which the Company terminates the Offering (in each case, the Termination Date ). It is understood that no sale of Shares will be effective unless and until accepted by the Company. 
 Upon the terms and conditions contained in this Dealer Manager Agreement (this Agreement ), the Company hereby appoints Invesco Distributors, Inc., a Delaware corporation, to act as the exclusive dealer manager (the Dealer Manager for the Offering to solicit, or cause to be solicited, purchasers of the Shares on a best efforts basis in the Offering upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Memorandum. The Dealer Manager hereby accepts the engagement. 
 This Agreement amends and restates in its entirety that certain Dealer Manager Agreement between the Company and the Dealer Manager dated August 20, 2024. 
 Terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Memorandum. 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged by the parties, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company hereby represents and warrants as follows as of the date hereof provided, that , to the extent such representations and warranties are given only as of a specified date or dates, the Company only make such representations and warranties as of such date or dates 

(a) Private Placement Memorandum . From the date hereof and at all times subsequent thereto up to and including the Termination Date, the Memorandum will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading provided, however , that the Company makes no warranty or representation with respect to any statement contained in the Memorandum made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Dealer Manager or any Participating Distribution Agent (as defined in Section 3(b) below) expressly for use in the Memorandum. 
 (b) Status . The Company is a corporation duly formed and validly existing under the Maryland General Corporation Law and is in good standing with all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder. 
 (c) Authorization of Agreement . This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by or on behalf of the Company and constitutes the valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other similar laws of the United States, any state or any political subdivision thereof that affect creditors rights and remedies generally or by equitable principles relating to the availability of remedies or except to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and contribution provisions contained in this Agreement may be limited by applicable law or public policy. 
 (d) Non-contravention Consent . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not result in a breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under 
 (i) the Company s or any of its subsidiaries charters, bylaws or other organizational documents, as the case may be 
 (ii) any statute, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, voting trust agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any subsidiary is a party or by which the Company or any subsidiary is bound or 
 (iii) any rule, regulation or order of any court or other governmental agency or body with jurisdiction over the Company, any subsidiary or any of their respective properties, except for such conflicts, breaches or defaults that do not result in and could not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Company MAE (as defined below). 
 
 No consent, approval, authorization or order of any court or governmental agency or body has been or is required for the performance of this Agreement or for the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein by the Company except as have been obtained under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA or as may be required under the applicable blue sky or other state securities laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares or under the laws of states in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries may own real properties in connection with its qualification to transact business in those states or as may be required by subsequent events which may occur. 
 As used in this Agreement, Company MAE means any event, circumstance, occurrence, fact, condition, change or effect, individually or in the aggregate, that is, or could reasonably be expected to be, materially adverse to (A) the condition, financial or otherwise, earnings, business, affairs or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as a whole or (B) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the Shares. 
 (e) Pending Actions . Except as disclosed in the Memorandum, there are no actions, suits or proceedings against, or investigations of, the Company or any of its subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries before any court, arbitrator, administrative agency or other tribunal 
 (i) challenging the validity of this Agreement 
 (ii) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Shares or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
 (iii) that would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the performance by the Company of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or the Shares 
 (iv) that would reasonably be expected to result in a Company MAE or 
 (v) seeking to affect adversely the federal income tax attributes of the Shares. 
 The Company shall provide prompt notice to the Dealer Manager of the occurrence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation of the type referred to above arising or occurring on or after the date of the Agreement. 
 (f) Authorization of Shares . The issuance and sale of the Shares has been duly authorized by the Company, and, when issued and duly delivered against payment therefor as contemplated by this Agreement, will be validly 

issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of any pledge, lien, encumbrance, security interest or other claim, and the issuance and sale of the Shares by the Company are not subject to preemptive or other similar rights arising by operation of law, under the charter or bylaws of the Company or under any agreement to which the Company is a party or otherwise. The Shares conform in all material respects to the description of the Shares contained in the Memorandum. 
 (g) Investment Company . The Company does not intend to conduct its business so as to be an investment company as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, and it will exercise reasonable diligence to ensure that it does not become an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 (h) REIT Qualifications . The Company will make a timely election to be subject to tax as a real estate investment trust REIT pursuant to Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), for its taxable year ended December 31, 2023. The Company has been organized and operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT. The Company s current and proposed method of operation as described in the Memorandum will enable it to continue to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code. 
 (i) Material Adverse Change . Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Memorandum, except as may otherwise be stated therein or contemplated hereby, there has not occurred a Company MAE, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 (j) Government Permits . The Company and its subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorities, permits, licenses, approvals consents and other authorizations (collectively Government Permits issued by the appropriate state, federal, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business contemplated or operated by them, other than those Government Permits the failure of which to possess or own, would not cause, individually or in the aggregate, a Company MAE. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Government Permit which, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would result in a Company MAE. 
 (k) Disqualifying Events . None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in an Offering, any beneficial owner (as that term is defined under Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, a Company Covered Person and, together, Company Covered Persons is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualifying Event except for a Disqualifying Event contemplated by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised, and during the term of an Offering will continue to exercise, reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person, any Dealer Manager Covered Person (as defined below) and any Participating Dealer Covered Person (as defined in the Participating Distribution Agreement) is subject to a Disqualifying Event. The Company will immediately comply, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and will immediately effect the preparation of an amended or supplemented Memorandum that will contain any such required disclosure and will, at no expense to the Dealer Manager (unless the Dealer Manager s Disqualifying Event or any Participating Distribution Agent s Disqualifying Event is the sole reason for the required amended or supplemented Memorandum, in which case the Dealer Manager shall bear the cost of preparation and distribution of such amended or supplemented Memorandum), promptly furnish the Dealer Manager with such number of printed copies of such amended or supplemented Memorandum containing any such required disclosure, including any exhibits thereto, as the Dealer Manager may reasonably request. 
 2. Representations and Warranties of the Dealer Manager . The Dealer Manager hereby represents and warrants as follows as of the date hereof provided, that , to the extent such representations and warranties are given only as of a specified date or dates, the Dealer Manager only make such representations and warranties as of such date or dates 
 (a) Status . The Dealer Manager is a Delaware corporation duly formed and validly existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware with all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder. 
 (b) Broker-Dealer . The Dealer Manager is, and during the term of this Agreement will be, duly registered as a broker-dealer pursuant to the provisions of the Exchange Act, a member in good standing of FINRA, and a broker or dealer duly registered as such in those states or jurisdictions where the Dealer Manager is required to be registered in order to carry out the Offering as contemplated by this Agreement. Each employee and representative of the Dealer Manager have all required licenses and registrations to act under this Agreement. There is no provision in the Dealer Manager s FINRA membership agreement that would restrict the ability of the Dealer Manager to carry out the Offering as contemplated by this Agreement. 

(c) Authorization of Agreement . This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by or on behalf of the Dealer Manager and constitutes the valid and binding agreement of the Dealer Manager, enforceable in accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other similar laws of the United States, any state or any political subdivision thereof that affects creditors rights or remedies generally or by equitable principles relating to the availability of remedies and except to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and contribution provisions contained in this Agreement may be limited by applicable law or public policy. 
 (d) Non-contravention . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not result in a breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under 
 (i) the Dealer Manager s charter, bylaws or other organizational documents, as applicable 
 (ii) Any statute, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, voting trust agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Dealer Manager is a party or by which the Dealer Manager is bound or 
 (iii) any rule or regulation or order of any court or other governmental agency or body with jurisdiction over the Dealer Manager except for such conflicts, breaches or defaults that do not result in and could not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Dealer Manager MAE (as defined below). 
 No consent, approval, authorization or order of any court or governmental agency or body has been or is required for the performance of this Agreement or for the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein by the Dealer Manager except as have been obtained under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, from FINRA or as may be required under the applicable blue sky or other state securities laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares or under the laws of states in which the Dealer Manager may be required to qualify to transact business. 
 As used in this Agreement, Dealer Manager MAE means any event, circumstance, occurrence, fact, condition, change or effect, individually or in the aggregate, that is, or could reasonably be expected to be, materially adverse to (A) the condition, financial or otherwise, earnings, business, affairs or prospects of the Dealer Manager or (B) the ability of the Dealer Manager to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the validity or enforceability of this Agreement against the Dealer Manager. 
 (e) None of (i) the Dealer Manager, (ii) any of the Dealer Manager s directors, executive officers, other officers participating in the Offering, general partners or managing members, (iii) any of the directors, executive officers or other officers participating in the Offering of any such general partner or managing member of the Dealer Manager, or (iv) any other officers or employees of the Dealer Manager or any such general partner or managing member of the Dealer Manager that have been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the Offering (each, a Dealer Manager Covered Person and, collectively, the Dealer Manager Covered Persons ), is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to 506(d)(1)(viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualifying Event ), except for a Disqualifying Event (a) contemplated by Rule 506(d)(2) of the Securities Act and (b) a description of which has been furnished in writing to the Company prior to the date hereof or, in the case of a Disqualifying Event occurring after the date hereof, prior to the date of any further offering of Shares. The Dealer Manager has exercised and will continue to exercise reasonable care to determine the identity of each person that is a Dealer Manager Covered Person and whether any Dealer Manager Covered Person is subject to a Disqualifying Event. The Dealer Manager will promptly notify the Company in writing of (x) any Disqualifying Event relating to any Dealer Manager Covered Person not previously disclosed to the Company in accordance with this Section 2(e) and (y) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualifying Event relating to any Dealer Manager Covered Person. 
 (f) The information under the caption Subscriptions, Share Repurchase Program, Plan of Distribution and Valuation Plan of Distribution in the Memorandum and all other information furnished to the Company by the Dealer Manager in writing expressly for use in the Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 
 3. Offering and Sale of the Shares . 
 (a) Engagement of Dealer Manager . On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company hereby engages and appoints the Dealer Manager as its exclusive dealer manager to offer, and to cause Participating Distribution Agents to offer, on a best efforts basis, the Shares in the Offering on the terms and conditions set forth in the Memorandum and in the Subscription Agreement. The Dealer Manager hereby accepts such engagement and agrees to act as dealer manager during the period commencing with the date hereof and ending on the Termination Date (the Offering Period ). 
 (b) Participating Distribution Agents . The Dealer Manager is authorized to enter into participating dealer agreements materially in the form attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement or in such other form as shall be pre- 

approved in writing by the Company (each, a Participating Dealer Agreement with broker-dealers who are members of FINRA in good standing to solicit subscriptions for Shares in the Offering at the purchase price to be paid in accordance with, and otherwise upon the other terms and conditions set forth in, the Memorandum Participating Dealers ). The Dealer Manager may also enter into participating adviser agreements materially in the form attached as Exhibit B to this Agreement or in such other form as shall be pre-approved in writing by the Company (each, a Participating Adviser Agreement with registered investment advisers registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ( Participating Advisers ), as well as participating bank agreements in such form as shall be pre-approved in writing by the Company (each, a Participating Bank Agreement , and together with the Participating Dealer Agreement and Participating Adviser Agreement, each, a Participating Agreement with properly licensed financial intermediaries Participating Banks , and together with Participating Dealers and Participating Advisers, Participating Distribution Agents, and any such Participating Agreements, Participating Distribution Agreements ). 
 4. Dealer Manager Compensation . 
 (a) Upfront Selling Commissions . Subject to any discounts and other special circumstances described in or otherwise provided in the Subscriptions, Share Repurchase Program, Plan of Distribution and Valuation Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum or this Section 4 , the Company shall pay (subject to the proviso in the immediately following sentence) the Dealer Manager upfront selling commissions of up to 3.5 of the transaction price of each Class S Share and each Class S-1 Share sold in the Offering and upfront selling commissions of up to 1.5 of the transaction price of each Class D Share and each Class D-1 Share sold in the Offering. 
 The Company may pay reduced upfront selling commissions or may eliminate selling commissions on certain sales of Shares, on the terms set forth in the Memorandum. No selling commissions will be paid in connection with (i) the sale of Shares to Invesco Ltd. or its affiliates, or (ii) any Shares sold pursuant to the DRP. 
 The applicable selling commissions payable to the Dealer Manager will be paid substantially concurrently with the execution by the Company of orders submitted by purchasers of Shares. All or a portion of the selling commissions received by the Dealer Manager may be reallowed (paid) by the Dealer Manager to Participating Distribution Agents who sold the Shares giving rise to such selling commissions, as described more fully in the Participating Agreement entered into with each such Participating Distribution Agent. 
 (b) Stockholder Servicing Fees . Subject to any special circumstances or limitations described in or otherwise provided in the Subscriptions, Share Repurchase Program, Plan of Distribution and Valuation Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum or this Section 4 , the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager a stockholder servicing fee with respect to Class S Shares equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV of outstanding Class S Shares, with respect to Class S-1 Shares equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV of outstanding Class S-1 Shares, with respect to Class D Shares equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class D Shares and with respect to Class D-1 Shares equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class D-1 Shares. The Company will pay the stockholder servicing fee to the Dealer Manager monthly in arrears. The Dealer Manager may reallow all or a portion of the stockholder servicing fee to the Participating Distribution Agents who sold the Shares giving rise to a portion of such stockholder servicing fee, in each case to the extent the Participating Distribution Agreement with such Participating Distribution Agent provides for such a reallowance and such Participating Distribution Agent is in compliance with the terms of such Participating Distribution Agreement related to such reallowance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the terms of the Memorandum, at such time as the Participating Distribution Agent who sold the Shares giving rise to a portion of the stockholder servicing fee is no longer the broker-dealer of record custodian with respect to such Shares or no longer satisfies any or all of the conditions in the applicable Participating Distribution Agreement giving rise to a portion of the stockholder servicing fee, then such Participating Distribution Agent s entitlement to the stockholder servicing fees related to such Shares shall cease and such Participating Distribution Agent shall not receive the stockholder servicing fee for any portion of the month in which such party is not eligible to receive the stockholder servicing fees on the last day of the month. Broker-dealer transfers will be made effective as of the start of the first business day of a month. Thereafter, such stockholder servicing fees may be reallowed to the then-current broker-dealer of record of the Shares, as applicable, if any such broker-dealer of record has been designated (the Servicing Dealer ), to the extent such Servicing Dealer has entered into a Participating Distribution Agreement or similar agreement with the Dealer Manager Servicing Agreement ), such Servicing Agreement with the Servicing Dealer provides for such reallowance and the Servicing Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance. All determinations will be made by the Dealer Manager in good faith in its sole discretion. The Dealer Manager may also reallow some or all of the stockholder servicing fees to other broker-dealers who provide services with respect to the Shares giving rise to a portion of the stockholder servicing fee (who shall be considered additional Servicing Dealers) pursuant to a Servicing Agreement with the Dealer Manager to the extent such Servicing Agreement provides for such reallowance and such additional Servicing Dealer is in 

compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance, in accordance with the terms of such Servicing Agreement. 
 (c) Stockholder Servicing Fees Limitation . The Company will cease paying the stockholder servicing fees with respect to any Class D Share or Class S Share held in a stockholder s account at the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager, in conjunction with the Company s transfer agent, determines that total upfront selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees paid with respect to the Shares held by such stockholder within such account would exceed, in the aggregate, 8.75 (or in the case of Class D Shares or Class S Shares sold through certain Participating Distribution Agents, such other amount approved by the Company s board of directors in accordance with the Company s Charter and specified in an agreement between the Dealer Manager and such Participating Distribution Agent at the time such Shares were issued) of the gross proceeds from the sale of such Shares (including the gross proceeds of any Shares issued under the DRP upon the reinvestment of distributions paid with respect thereto or with respect to any Shares issued under the DRP directly or indirectly attributable to such Shares). At the end of such month, each such Class S Share or Class D Share will convert into a number of Class I Shares (including any fractional Shares), each with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such Share. In addition, the Company will cease paying the stockholder servicing fees on the Class D Shares, Class D-1 Shares, Class S Shares and Class S-1 Shares on the earlier to occur of the following (i) a listing of a class of stock of the Company or (ii) the Company s merger or consolidation with or into another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, in each case in a transaction in which Stockholders receive cash or securities listed on a national securities exchange. 
 (d) Adviser Reimbursement . In addition to the other items of underwriting compensation set forth in this Section 4, the Company or Invesco Advisers, Inc., the Company s adviser, shall reimburse the Dealer Manager for all items of underwriting compensation referenced in the Memorandum, to the extent the Memorandum indicates that they will be paid by the Company or the Adviser, as applicable, and to the extent permitted pursuant to prevailing rules and regulations of FINRA. 
 (e) Right to Reject Orders or Cancel Sales . All orders, whether initial or additional, are subject to acceptance by and shall only become effective upon confirmation by the Company, which reserves the right to reject any order for any or no reason. Orders not accompanied by a Subscription Agreement and the required payment for the Shares may be rejected. Issuance of the Shares will be made only after acceptance of the subscription from the Company and actual receipt by the Company of payment therefor. If any check is not paid upon presentment, or if the Company is not in actual receipt of clearinghouse funds or cash, certified or cashier s check or the equivalent in payment for the Shares, the Company reserves the right to cancel the sale without notice. 
 (f) Commissions after the Rejection of a Subscriber. No upfront selling commissions shall be payable on any subscription rejected by the Company. The Company may reject a subscription for any reason or for no reason. 
 (g) Reallowance . The terms of any reallowance of selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees shall be set forth in the Participating Distribution Agreement, Servicing Agreement or similar agreement entered into with the Participating Distribution Agents or Servicing Dealers, as applicable. The Company will not be liable or responsible to any Participating Distribution Agent or Servicing Dealer for direct payment or reallowance of any selling commissions or stockholder servicing fees to such Participating Distribution Agent or Servicing Dealer, the payment or reallowance, as applicable, of any selling commissions or stockholder servicing fees to such Participating Distribution Agent or Servicing Dealer being the sole and exclusive responsibility of the Dealer Manager. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the discretion of the Company, the Company may act as agent of the Dealer Manager by making direct payment of selling commissions or stockholder servicing fees to Participating Distribution Agents or Servicing Dealers on behalf of the Dealer Manager without incurring any liability. 
 (h) Reasonable Bona Fide Due Diligence Expenses . In addition to any payments to the Dealer Manager pursuant to this Section 4, the Company may reimburse the Dealer Manager or any Participating Distribution Agent for reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses incurred by the Dealer Manager or any Participating Distribution Agent. The reimbursable due diligence expenses include expenses for travel, lodging, meals and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Dealer Manager or Participating Distribution Agents and their respective personnel when visiting the Company s offices or properties or properties related to the Company s assets to verify information relating to the Company and its properties and assets. Also, the Company shall only reimburse the Dealer Manager or any Participating Distribution Agent for approved bona fide due diligence expenses to the extent the expenses have actually been incurred and are supported by detailed and itemized invoice(s) provided to the Company. 
 5. Covenants of the Company . The Company covenants and agrees with the Dealer Manager that 
 (a) If, at any time prior to the Termination Date, the Memorandum, as then amended or supplemented, would include any untrue statement of a material fact, or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is otherwise necessary, in the Company s reasonable discretion, at any time to amend or supplement the Memorandum, the Company promptly 

will notify the Dealer Manager (unless notice of the need to amend or supplement the Memorandum shall have been received from the Dealer Manager), and the Dealer Manager will notify all Participating Distribution Agents to suspend the offering and sale of the Shares hereof until such time as the Company, in its sole discretion (i) has prepared any required supplement or amendment to the Memorandum and (ii) instructs the Dealer Manager to resume the offer and sale of the Shares. 
 (b) The Company will, at no expense to the Dealer Manager, furnish the Dealer Manager with copies of (i) the Memorandum and all amendments and supplements thereto, (ii) any supplemental sales literature or advertisement (including, without limitation, any financial professional use only material), regardless of how labeled or described, to use in addition to the Memorandum in connection with the Offering which previously has been, or hereafter is, approved for use and furnished by the Company (collectively, the Authorized Sales Literature ), and (iii) any other information with respect to the Company as the Dealer Manager may from time to time reasonably request, in each case as soon as available and in such quantities as the Dealer Manager may reasonably request. 
 (c) The Company will make any filings regarding the Offering that may be required by the SEC or any state securities administration, including without limitation preparing or causing to be prepared, executed and timely filed with the SEC a Notice on Form D relating to the Offering under Regulation D and with applicable state securities regulatory agencies. Subject to the Dealer Manager s actions and the actions of others in connection with the Offering, the Company will comply with all requirements imposed upon it by Regulation D and other applicable securities laws, including applicable state blue sky registration exemptions. 
 (d) The Company shall advise the Dealer Manager of any request made by the SEC or any state securities administrator to amend or supplement the Memorandum or for additional information or of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order or of any other order preventing or suspending the use of the Memorandum or the institution of any proceedings for that purpose. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such order and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the removal thereof as promptly as possible. 
 6. Covenants of the Dealer Manager . The Dealer Manager covenants and agrees with the Company that the Dealer Manager shall 
 (a) With respect to the Dealer Manager s participation and the participation by each Participating Distribution Agent in the offer and sale of Shares (including, without limitation any resales and transfers of Shares), the Dealer Manager will comply, and in its Participating Agreements will require each Participating Distribution Agent to comply, in all material respects with all applicable requirements of (i) the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (including, without limitation, Regulation D) and all other federal rules and regulations applicable to the Offering, (ii) applicable state securities or blue sky laws, (iii) the rules set forth in the FINRA rulebook applicable to the Offering, and (iv) with respect to each Participating Distribution Agent, the applicable Participating Agreement. 
 (b) The Dealer Manager will, and will require that each Participating Distribution Agent, (i) conduct all offering and solicitation efforts in a transaction or series of transactions intended to be exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D, as set forth in the Memorandum, and applicable state securities laws and regulations, (ii) not offer or sell Shares by any means otherwise inconsistent with this Agreement or the Memorandum, and (iii) not engage in any general advertising or general solicitation activities in connection with the Offering or any sale of Shares. 
 (c) The Dealer Manager shall use and distribute in conjunction with the Offering and the sale of Shares only the Memorandum and Authorized Sales Literature, and in offering the Shares for sale, the Dealer Manager shall not give or provide any information or make any representation other than those contained in the Memorandum or any Authorized Sales Literature. The Dealer Manager will not show or give to any investor or prospective investor or reproduce any material or writing that is marked financial professional use only or otherwise bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to any investor or prospective investor or show or give to any investor or prospective investor in a particular jurisdiction any material or writing if the material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares in the applicable jurisdiction. 
 (d) The Dealer Manager shall solicit purchases of the Shares for the account of the Company only in those jurisdictions in which the Dealer Manager is legally qualified to so act and in which the Dealer Manager has been advised in writing by the Company that solicitation is permissible under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction. The Company shall specify only those jurisdictions in which Shares may be offered and sold in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of those jurisdictions securities laws. Unless otherwise specified by the Company in writing, no Shares shall be offered or sold for the account of the Company in any other states or jurisdictions. 
 (e) The Dealer Manager will, and will require that each Participating Distribution Agent, suspend or terminate the offer and sale of Shares in the Offering upon request of the Company at any time and to resume offering and sale of the Shares in the Offering upon subsequent request of the Company in its sole discretion. 

(f) The Dealer Manager will, and will require each Participating Distribution Agent to, only offer Shares to persons it reasonably believes, on the basis of information obtained from the potential investor concerning the investor s investment objectives, other investments, financial situation and needs, and any other information known by the Dealer Manager or an associated person 
 
 (i) the person is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities Act and also meets the investor suitability standards as may be established by the Company and set forth in the Memorandum 
 (ii) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that the offeree is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Shares and 
 (iii) is a person for which an investment in the Shares are otherwise suitable and 
 (iiii) was not solicited through the use of general solicitation. 
 (g) During the course of the Offering, the Dealer Manager will comply, and shall direct each Participating Distribution Agent who enters into a Participating Distribution Agreement with the Dealer Manager to comply with the provisions of all applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors, including without limitation, Regulation Best Interest, the provisions of Regulation D and, if applicable, FINRA Rule 2111. The Dealer Manager shall direct each Participating Distribution Agent who enters into a Participating Distribution Agreement with the Dealer Manager to make, or cause to be made, inquiries as required by this Agreement, the Memorandum or applicable law of all prospective investors to ascertain whether a purchase of an investment in the Shares is suitable for the prospective investor. 
 (h) The Dealer Manager shall require Participating Distribution Agents to represent in its Participating Distribution Agreements that they will maintain, for at least six (6) years, or for the period of time required to comply with all applicable federal, state or other regulatory requirements, whichever is later, records of the information obtained from each investor and used to determine each investor met the suitability standards imposed on the offer and sale of the Shares in the Offering (both at the time of the initial subscription and at the time of any additional subscriptions). 
 7. Anti-Money Laundering . The Company and the Dealer Manager shall comply with applicable laws and regulations, including federal and state securities laws, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act ), Executive Order 13224 Executive Order on Terrorist Financing Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism, and applicable rules of FINRA. In accordance with these applicable laws and regulations, the Company and the Dealer Manager shall take reasonable efforts to verify the identity of new customers, maintain customer records, and check the names of new customers against government watch lists, including the Office of Foreign Asset Control s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. Further, the Company and the Dealer Manager shall provide the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network with information regarding (a) the identity of a specified individual or organization (b) an account number (c) all identifying information provided by the account holder and (d) the date and type of transaction, upon request. All parties will manually monitor account activity to identify patterns of unusual size or volume, geographic factors and any other red flags described in the Patriot Act as potential signals of money laundering or terrorist financing, and disclose such activity to applicable federal and state law enforcement when required by law. The Company and the Dealer Manager reserve the right to reject account applications from new customers who fail to provide necessary account information or who intentionally provide misleading information. 
 8. Indemnification . 
 (a) To the extent permitted by the Company s articles of amendment and restatement (as amended or restated from time to time, the Charter and subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 8 , the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Dealer Manager, each Participating Distribution Agent, their respective officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls the Dealer Manager or any Participating Distribution Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (individually, an Indemnified Party and collectively, the Indemnified Parties ), from and against any and all loss, liability, action, claim, damage and expense whatsoever Losses ), joint or several, to which such Indemnified Parties may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses arise out of or are based upon (i) any untrue statement of a material fact contained in (a) the Memorandum or (b) any Authorized Sales Literature, or (ii) the omission to state in the Memorandum or Authorized Sales Literature a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading provided, however , that such indemnity shall not apply to any such Losses arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished by or on behalf of an Indemnified Party specifically for inclusion in the Memorandum or any Authorized Sales Literature, and provided, further , that the Company will not be liable for the portion of any Losses suffered by any Indemnified Party in any such case if it is determined that such Indemnified Party was at fault in connection with such portion of the Losses, 

and provided, further , that, notwithstanding the Charter, the Company will not be liable for any Losses suffered by the Dealer Manager, any of its officers or directors or any person who controls the Dealer Manager within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, as a direct result of such person s gross negligence. The Company will reimburse each Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with investigating or defending such Losses. 
 The foregoing indemnity agreement of this Section 8(a) is subject to the further condition that, insofar as it relates to any untrue statement or omission made in the Memorandum that was eliminated or remedied in any subsequent amendment or supplement thereto, such indemnity agreement shall not inure to the benefit of an Indemnified Party from whom the person asserting any Losses purchased the Shares that are the subject thereof, if a copy of the Memorandum as so amended or supplemented was not sent or given to such person at or prior to the time the subscription of such person was accepted by the Company, but only if a copy of the Memorandum as so amended or supplemented had been supplied to the Dealer Manager or Participating Distribution Agent prior to such acceptance. 
 (b) The Dealer Manager shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (the Company Indemnified Parties ), from and against any Losses to which any of the Company Indemnified Parties may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses arise out of or are based upon (i) any untrue statement of a material fact contained in (1) the Memorandum or (2) any Authorized Sales Literature or (ii) the omission to state in the Memorandum or Authorized Sales Literature a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading provided, howeve r, that clauses (i) and (ii) apply, to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Dealer Manager specifically for inclusion in the Memorandum or Authorized Sales Literature (iii) any use by the Dealer Manager or its representatives or agents in the offer and sale of the Shares of (1) sales literature that is not Authorized Sales Literature, (2) financial professional use only materials with investors, or (3) Authorized Sales Literature in a particular jurisdiction if such Authorized Sales Literature bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares in such jurisdiction (iv) any untrue statement made by the Dealer Manager or its representatives or agents or omission to state a fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares (v) any material violation of this Agreement (vi) any failure to comply with applicable laws governing privacy issues, money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including applicable rules of the SEC, FINRA and the Patriot Act or (vii) any other failure to comply with applicable rules of FINRA or federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Dealer Manager will reimburse the Company Indemnified Parties for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending such Losses. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that the Dealer Manager may otherwise have. 
 (c) By virtue of entering into a Participating Agreement, each Participating Distribution Agent will severally agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Dealer Manager and each of their respective officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Dealer Manager within the meaning of the Securities Act, from and against any Losses to which any such person may become subject, as more fully described in each Participating Agreement. 
 (d) Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 8 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 8 , notify in writing the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof. The failure of an indemnified party to so notify the indemnifying party will relieve the indemnifying party from any liability under this Section 8 as to the particular item for which indemnification is then being sought, but not from any other liability that it may have to any indemnified party. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party, and it notifies an indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled, to the extent it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to participate in the defense thereof, with separate counsel. Such participation shall not relieve such indemnifying party of the obligation to reimburse the indemnified party for reasonable legal and other expenses (subject to Section 8(e) incurred by such indemnified party in defending itself, except for such expenses incurred after the indemnifying party has deposited funds sufficient to effect the settlement, with prejudice, of the claim in respect of which indemnity is sought. Any such indemnifying party shall not be liable to any such indemnified party on account of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such indemnifying party. Any indemnified party shall not be bound to perform or refrain from performing any act pursuant to the terms of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such indemnified party. 

(e) The indemnifying party shall pay all legal fees and expenses of the indemnified party in the defense of such claims or actions provided, however , that the indemnifying party shall not be obligated to pay legal expenses and fees to more than one law firm in connection with the defense of similar claims arising out of the same alleged acts or omissions giving rise to such claims notwithstanding that such actions or claims are alleged or brought by one or more parties against more than one indemnified party. If such claims or actions are alleged or brought against more than one indemnified party, then the indemnifying party shall only be obligated to reimburse the expenses and fees of the one law firm that has been selected by a majority of the indemnified parties against which such action is finally brought and in the event a majority of such indemnified parties is unable to agree on which law firm for which expenses or fees will be reimbursable by the indemnifying party, then payment shall be made to the first law firm of record representing an indemnified party against the action or claim. Such law firm shall be paid only to the extent of services performed by such law firm and no reimbursement shall be payable to such law firm on account of legal services performed by another law firm. 
 (f) The indemnity agreements contained in this Section 8 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Participating Distribution Agent, or any person controlling any Participating Distribution Agent or by or on behalf of the Company, the Dealer Manager or any officer or director thereof, or by or on behalf of any person controlling the Company or the Dealer Manager, (ii) delivery of any Shares and payment therefor, and (iii) any termination of this Agreement. A successor of any Participating Distribution Agent or of any of the parties to this Agreement, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity agreements contained in this Section 8 . 
 9. Termination of this Agreement . 
 (a) This Agreement may be terminated by any party hereto upon 60 days written notice to the other parties or immediately upon notice to the other parties in the event that such other party shall have failed to comply with any material provision hereof. 
 (b) Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, the Dealer Manager shall 
 
 (i) promptly deliver to the Company all records and documents in its possession that relate to the Offering other than as required by law to be retained by the Dealer Manager 
 (ii) use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to accomplish an orderly transfer of management of the Offering to a party designated by the Company and 
 (iii) notify all Participating Distribution Agents of the termination. 
 
 (c) Upon termination of this Agreement, the Company shall pay to the Dealer Manager all earned but unpaid compensation and reimbursement for all incurred, accountable compensation to which the Dealer Manager is or becomes entitled pursuant to the terms of this Agreement at such times as such amounts become payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 10. Survival . The following provisions of the Agreement shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement Section 4 and Sections 7 through Section 15 . Notwithstanding anything else that may be to the contrary herein, the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement shall not relieve a party for liability for any breach occurring prior to such expiration or earlier termination. In no event shall the Dealer Manager be entitled to payment of any compensation in connection with the Offering that is not completed according to this Agreement provided, however , that the reimbursement of out-of-pocket accountable expenses actually incurred by the Dealer Manager or person associated with the Dealer Manager shall not be presumed to be unfair or unreasonable and shall be payable under normal circumstances. 
 11. Notices . All notices or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given or delivered (i) when delivered personally or by commercial messenger, (ii) on the business day of transmission if sent by email to the email address given below, with written confirmation of receipt, and (iii) one (1) business day following deposit with a recognized overnight courier service, provided such deposit occurs prior to the deadline imposed by such service for overnight delivery, in each case above provided such communication is addressed to the intended recipient thereof as set forth below 

If to the Company, to Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. 2300 N Field St, Suite 1200 Dallas, Texas 75201 Attention E. Elizabeth Day Email liz.day invesco.com with a required copy to Alston & Bird LLP 1201 West Peachtree Street Atlanta, Georgia 30309 Attention Jason Goode Email jason.goode alston.com If to the Dealer Manager, to Invesco Distributors, Inc. 11 Greenway Plaza Suite 1000 Houston, Texas 77046-1173 Attention Veronica Castillo Email Veronica.Castillo invesco.com 

If to the Adviser, to Invesco Advisers, Inc. 1331 Spring Street NW Atlanta, Georgia 30309 Attention Tina Carew Email tina.carew invesco.com 
 12. Parties . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Dealer Manager, the Company and the successors and assigns of the Dealer Manager and the Company. This Agreement and the conditions and provisions hereof are intended to be and shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and controlling persons, and for the benefit of no other persons, and the term successors and assigns, as used herein, shall not include any purchaser of Shares as such. 
 13. Applicable Law . This Agreement and any disputes relative to the interpretation or enforcement hereto shall be governed by and construed under the internal laws, as opposed to the conflicts of law provisions, of the State of Delaware provided, however , that causes of action for violations of federal or state securities laws shall not be governed by this Section 13 . Venue for any action brought hereunder shall lie exclusively in Atlanta, Georgia. 
 14. Amendment . This Agreement may be amended by the written agreement of the parties hereto. 
 15. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart, when executed and delivered, shall be an original contract, but all counterparts, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and return it to us, whereupon this instrument will become a binding agreement between you and the Company in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours, INVESCO COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST, INC., a Maryland Corporation By s Hubert J. Crouch Name Hubert J. Crouch Title Chief Executive Officer 
 Accepted as of the date first above written 

INVESCO DISTRIBUTORS, INC., a Delaware corporation By s Nicole Filingeri Name Nicole Filingeri Title Vice President 
 Solely for purposes of its obligations under Section 4(a) hereof 

INVESCO ADVISERS, INC. By s Beth A. Zayicek Name Beth A. Zayicek Title Vice President 

EXHIBIT A 
 FORM OF PARTICIPATING DEALER AGREEMENT 
 See attached 
 INVESCO DISTRIBUTORS, INC. 
 FORM OF PARTICIPATING DEALER AGREEMENT 
 INVESCO COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST, INC. 
 _______, _____ 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Subject to the terms described in this participating dealer agreement (this Agreement ), Invesco Distributors, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as the dealer manager (the Dealer Manager for Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), invites you Participating Dealer to participate in the distribution, on a best efforts basis, of shares of the Company s Class D Common Stock Class D Shares ), Class D-1 Common Stock Class D-1 Shares ), Class E Common Stock Class E Shares ), Class I Common Stock Class I Shares ), Class S Common Stock Class S Shares and Class S-1 Common Stock Class S-1 Shares ), 0.01 par value per share (collectively, the Shares ). The Company is currently offering the Shares (the Offering in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), pursuant to Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act Regulation D upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Company s Private Placement Memorandum, dated , 2024 (as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, including all appendixes and exhibits thereto, the Memorandum ). Each subscriber will be required to enter into a subscription agreement (as may be amended by the Company from time to time, the Subscription Agreement ), and will, upon acceptance of the subscription by the Company, become a stockholder of the Company (individually a Stockholder and collectively the Stockholders ). 
 The Shares will be offered and sold in the Offering until the earliest to occur of (1) the date upon which any maximum offering amount of Shares, as set forth in the Memorandum, is sold and (2) the date upon which the Company terminates the Offering. It is understood that no sale of Shares will be effective unless and until accepted by the Company. 
 I. Dealer Manager Agreement . 
 The Dealer Manager has entered into that certain Dealer Manager Agreement with the Company and Invesco Advisers, Inc., the Company s external adviser (the Adviser ), dated , 2024 (as amended, the Dealer Manager Agreement ). In connection with performing the Dealer Manager s obligations under the Dealer Manager Agreement, the Dealer Manager is authorized to enter into (A) participating dealer agreements materially in the form attached as Exhibit A to the Dealer Manager Agreement or in such other form as shall be pre-approved in writing by the Company with other broker-dealers who are members of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA to solicit subscriptions for Shares in the Offering, (B) participating adviser agreements materially in the form attached as Exhibit B to the Dealer Manager Agreement or in such other form as shall be pre-approved in writing by the Company with registered investment advisers, and (C) participating bank agreements in the form pre-approved in writing by the Company with other properly licensed financial intermediaries. Upon effectiveness of this Agreement, Participating Dealer will become one of the Participating Dealers referred to in the Dealer Manager Agreement and will be entitled to and subject to the terms and conditions of the Dealer Manager Agreement. Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Dealer Manager Agreement. 
 II. Sale of Shares . 
 Participating Dealer hereby agrees to use its best efforts to sell the Shares for cash on the terms and conditions set forth in the Memorandum. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to make Participating Dealer an employee, agent, representative or partner of the Dealer Manager or the Company, and Participating Dealer is not authorized to act for the Dealer Manager or the Company or to make any representations on their behalf except as set forth in the Memorandum or as otherwise specifically authorized by the Company or Dealer Manager, as applicable. Participating Dealer acknowledges and agrees that the Company and the Dealer Manager may engage broker-dealers who are registered under the Exchange Act and members of FINRA or other investment advisers registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or comparable state securities laws, to offer and sell the Shares, as applicable. 
 III. Submission of Orders . 
 Each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering will be required to complete and execute a Subscription Agreement and to deliver to Participating Dealer such completed and executed Subscription Agreement together with a check or wire transfer (hereinafter referred to as an instrument of payment in the amount of such person s purchase, which must be at least the minimum purchase amount for the class of Shares being purchased as 

set forth in the Memorandum. Persons who purchase Shares will be instructed by Participating Dealer to make their instruments of payment payable to or for the benefit of Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. 
 If Participating Dealer receives a Subscription Agreement or instrument of payment not conforming to the foregoing instructions and any instructions set forth in the Memorandum, Participating Dealer shall return such Subscription Agreement and instrument of payment directly to such purchaser not later than the end of the first business day following receipt by Participating Dealer. Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment received by Participating Dealer which conform to the foregoing instructions shall be transmitted for deposit pursuant to one of the methods described in this Section III . Transmittal of received investor funds will be made in accordance with the following procedures, as applicable 
 (a) where, pursuant to Participating Dealer s internal supervisory procedures, internal supervisory review is conducted at the same location at which Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment are received from purchasers, then Participating Dealer will transmit the Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment to the Company or to such other account or agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement or as otherwise directed by the Company by the end of the next business day following receipt thereof by Participating Dealer and 
 (b) where, pursuant to Participating Dealer s internal supervisory procedures, final internal supervisory review is conducted at a different location (the Final Review Office ), then Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment will be transmitted by Participating Dealer to the Final Review Office by the end of the next business day following receipt by Participating Dealer. The Final Review Office will in turn, by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Final Review Office, transmit such Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment to the Company or to such other account or agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement or as otherwise directed by the Company. 
 Participating Dealer acknowledges and agrees that the Company reserves the unconditional right to reject any subscription for any or no reason. 
 IV. Pricing . 
 The purchase price per Share will vary and will generally equal the prior month s net asset value NAV per Share applicable to the class of Shares being purchased, as determined monthly (in accordance with the NAV calculation procedures described in the Memorandum), or at a different price in cases where the Company believes there has been a material change to the NAV per Share since the end of the prior month, which is referred to herein as the transaction price , plus in either case any applicable upfront selling commissions, subject in certain circumstances to reductions thereof as described in the Memorandum. 
 For stockholders who participate in the Company s distribution reinvestment plan (the DRP ), the cash distributions attributable to the class of Shares that each stockholder owns will be automatically invested in additional Shares of the same class. All Shares sold pursuant to the DRP are to be issued and sold to stockholders of the Company at a purchase price equal to the transaction price of the applicable class of Shares on the date that the distribution is payable. 
 Except as otherwise indicated in the Memorandum or in any letter or memorandum sent to a participating adviser by the Company or the Dealer Manager, a minimum initial purchase of 10,000 in Class D Shares, Class E Shares, Class S Shares and Class S-1 Shares is required, a minimum initial purchase of 1,000,000 in Class I Shares is required and a minimum initial purchase of 3,000,000 in Class D-1 Shares is required, and additional investments of Shares may be made in cash in minimal increments of at least 2,000, unless such minimums are waived by the Dealer Manager. 
 V. Participating Dealer s Compensation . 
 Except as may be provided in the Subscriptions, Share Repurchase Program, Plan of Distribution and Valuation Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum, as compensation for completed sales rendered by Participating Dealer hereunder, Participating Dealer is entitled, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein, to the compensation set forth on Schedule I hereto. 
 VI. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Participating Dealer . 
 In addition to the representations and warranties found elsewhere in this Agreement, Participating Dealer represents, warrants and agrees that 
 (a) It is duly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the state, commonwealth or other jurisdiction in which Participating Dealer is organized. 
 (b) It is empowered under applicable laws and by Participating Dealer s organizational documents to enter into this Agreement and perform all activities and services of Participating Dealer provided for herein and there are no impediments, prior or existing, or regulatory, self-regulatory, administrative, civil or criminal matters affecting Participating Dealer s ability to perform under this Agreement. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement the incurrence of the obligations set forth herein and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, including the issuance and sale of the Shares, will not constitute a breach of, or default under, any agreement or instrument by which Participating Dealer is 

bound, or to which any of its assets are subject, or any rule, regulation or order of any court or other governmental agency or body with jurisdiction over it. 
 (d) All requisite actions have been taken to authorize Participating Dealer to enter into and perform this Agreement. 
 (e) It shall notify the Dealer Manager, promptly in writing, of any written claim or complaint or any enforcement action or other proceeding with respect to Shares offered hereunder against Participating Dealer or its principals, affiliates, officers, directors, employees or agents, or any person who controls Participating Dealer, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act. 
 (f) Participating Dealer will not offer, sell or distribute Shares, or otherwise make any such Shares available, in any jurisdiction outside of the United States or U.S. territories unless Participating Dealer receives prior written consent from the Dealer Manager. 
 (g) Participating Dealer acknowledges that the Dealer Manager will enter into similar agreements with other broker-dealers, which does not require the consent of Participating Dealer. 
 VII. Right to Reject Orders or Cancel Sales . 
 The Company reserves the right to reject any order for any or no reason. Orders not accompanied by an executed Subscription Agreement in good order or the required instrument of payment for the Shares may be rejected. Issuance and delivery of the Shares will be made only after actual receipt of payment therefor. 
 In the event that the Dealer Manager has reallowed any selling commission to Participating Dealer for the sale of one or more Shares and the subscription is rejected, canceled or rescinded for any reason as to one or more of the Shares covered by such subscription, Participating Dealer shall pay the amount specified to the Dealer Manager within ten (10) days following mailing of notice to Participating Dealer by the Dealer Manager stating the amount owed as a result of rescinded or rejected subscriptions. Further, if Participating Dealer has retained selling commissions in connection with an order that is subsequently rejected, canceled or rescinded for any reason, Participating Dealer agrees to return to the subscriber any selling commission theretofore retained by Participating Dealer with respect to such order within three (3) days following mailing of notice to Participating Dealer by the Dealer Manager stating the amount owed as a result of rescinded or rejected subscriptions. If Participating Dealer fails to pay any such amounts, the Dealer Manager shall have the right to offset such amounts owed against future compensation due and otherwise payable to Participating Dealer (it being understood and agreed that such right to offset shall not be in limitation of any other rights or remedies that the Dealer Manager may have in connection with such failure). 
 VIII. Memorandum and Authorized Sales Literature . 
 Participating Dealer is not authorized or permitted to give, and will not give, any information or make any representation (written or oral) concerning the Shares except as set forth in the Memorandum or as otherwise specifically authorized by the Company. The Dealer Manager will supply Participating Dealer with reasonable quantities of the Memorandum, as provided by the Company, as well as any advertising and supplemental sales literature approved by the Company and to be used or delivered by the Dealer Manager or Participating Dealer in connection with the Offering Authorized Sales Literature ), as provided by the Company, for delivery to investors, and Participating Dealer will deliver a copy of the Memorandum to each investor to whom an offer is made. Participating Dealer agrees that it will not show or give to any investor or reproduce any material or writing that is supplied to it by the Dealer Manager unless it is designated, marked or otherwise authorized for use with potential investors. For the avoidance of doubt, Participating Dealer will not show or provide to any investor any material that is supplied to it by Dealer Manager and marked financial professional use only or otherwise bearing a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the offer or sale of Shares to potential investors. Participating Dealer agrees that it will not use in connection with the offer or sale of Shares any materials or writings which have not been previously approved by the Company in writing. Participating Dealer agrees that prior to the time that a person to whom it has furnished a copy of the Memorandum becomes a Stockholder, Participating Dealer will ensure that such person has received a copy of any revised, updated or supplemented Memorandum. 
 Participating Dealer shall (i) conduct all offering and solicitation efforts in a transaction or series of transactions intended to be exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and applicable state securities laws and regulations, as set forth in the Memorandum, (ii) not offer or sell Shares by any means otherwise inconsistent with this Agreement or the Memorandum, and (iii) not engage in any general advertising or general solicitation activities in connection with the Offering or any sale of the Shares. 
 Participating Dealer agrees that it shall have delivered (a) to each investor to whom an offer to sell the Shares is made, as of the time of such offer, a copy of the Memorandum and all supplements, amendments and exhibits thereto that have then been made available to Participating Dealer by the Dealer Manager and (b) to each investor that subscribes for Shares, as of the time the Company accepts such investor s order to purchase the Shares within the timeframes described in the Memorandum, a copy of the Memorandum and all supplements, amendments and 

exhibits thereto that have then been made available to Participating Dealer by the Dealer Manager. Participating Dealer agrees that it will not send or give any supplement to the Memorandum to an investor unless it has previously sent or given a Memorandum and all supplements, amendments and exhibits thereto. 
 IX. License and Association Membership Compliance with Applicable Laws . 
 Participating Dealer s acceptance of this Agreement constitutes a representation and warranty to the Company and the Dealer Manager that (i) Participating Dealer is duly registered as a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), (ii) is a member in good standing of FINRA, and (iii) is currently licensed as a broker-dealer in each of the states and the jurisdictions where it will offer or sell Shares and that its independent contractors and registered representatives have the appropriate licenses(s) to offer and sell the Shares in all such states and jurisdictions. This Agreement shall automatically terminate with no further action by any party hereto if Participating Dealer ceases to be a member in good standing of FINRA or with the securities commission of the state in which Participating Dealer s principal office is located. Participating Dealer agrees to notify the Dealer Manager immediately if Participating Dealer ceases to be a member in good standing of FINRA or with the securities commission of any state in which Participating Dealer is currently registered or licensed. 
 Participating Dealer s acceptance of this Agreement constitutes a representation and warranty to the Company and the Dealer Manager that Participating Dealer s performance of its obligations under this Agreement shall comply in all material respects with all applicable terms and requirements of (i) the Dealer Manager Agreement, which such terms are incorporated herein by reference, (ii) this Agreement and the Memorandum, (iii) the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated under the Securities Act, including without limitation Regulation D and Rule 506(b) thereunder, (iv) the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated under the Exchange Act, (v) applicable state securities or blue sky laws, and (vi) all rules promulgated by FINRA, and (vii) all other federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Offering and the offer and sale of the Shares, or the activities of Participating Dealer pursuant to this Agreement, including without limitation the privacy standards and requirements of state and federal laws, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 GLBA ), and the laws governing money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including the applicable rules of the SEC and FINRA, the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act ), and regulations administered by the Office of Foreign Asset Control at the Department of the Treasury. Participating Dealer agrees to comply and shall comply with any applicable requirements with respect to its participation in any resales or transfers of the Shares. 
 None of (i) Participating Dealer, (ii) any of Participating Dealer s directors, executive officers, other officers participating in the Offering, general partners or managing members, (iii) any of the directors, executive officers or other officers participating in the Offering of any such general partner or managing member of Participating Dealer, or (iv) any other officers or employees of Participating Dealer or any such general partner or managing member of Participating Dealer that have been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the Offering (each, a Participating Dealer Covered Person and, collectively, the Participating Dealer Covered Persons ), is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to 506(d)(1)(viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualifying Event ), except for a Disqualifying Event (a) contemplated by Rule 506(d)(2) of the Securities Act and (b) a description of which has been furnished in writing to the Company and the Dealer Manager prior to the date hereof or, in the case of a Disqualifying Event occurring after the date hereof, prior to the date of any further offering of Shares. 
 With respect to each Participating Dealer Covered Person, Participating Dealer has established procedures reasonably designed to ensure that Participating Dealer receives notice from each such Participating Dealer Covered Person of (i) any Disqualifying Event relating to that Participating Dealer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualifying Event relating to that Participating Dealer Covered Person, in each case, occurring up to and including the last date on which Shares are offered in the Offering. 
 Participating Dealer currently has in place and effect, and shall maintain in place and full force and effect during the term of this Agreement, insurance coverage in amounts and upon terms as are customary and appropriate for a party engaged in Participating Dealer s business and performing its obligations under this Agreement, including any and all minimum or mandated insurance coverage required by applicable law. 
 X. Limitation of Offer Suitability . 
 Participating Dealer will (a) conduct all offering and solicitation efforts in a transaction or series of transactions intended to be exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and applicable state securities laws and regulations (b) not offer or sell Shares by any means otherwise inconsistent with this Agreement or the Memorandum (c) offer Shares only to persons who meet the suitability standards set forth in the Memorandum (d) make offers only to persons in the jurisdictions in which the Dealer Manager is advised in writing by the Company that the Shares are qualified for sale or that such qualification is not required (e) only offer Shares in a jurisdiction if both such Participating Dealer and its registered 

representative making the offer are duly licensed to transact securities business in such jurisdiction and (f) comply with the provisions of the FINRA Rules, as well as all other applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors including Rule 15 l -1 under the Exchange Act (Regulation Best Interest). 
 Participating Dealer agrees to ensure that, in recommending the purchase, sale or exchange of Shares to a potential investor, Participating Dealer shall have reasonable grounds to believe, on the basis of information obtained from the investor concerning the investor s investment objectives, other investments, financial situation and needs, and any other information known by Participating Dealer or an associated person, that each purchaser of Shares (A) is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act Accredited Investor and meets the other investor suitability requirements as may be established by the Company and set forth in the Memorandum (B) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that the offeree is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Shares (C) is a person for which an investment in the Shares are otherwise suitable and (D) was not solicited through the use of general solicitation. Participating Dealer further represents, warrants and covenants that Participating Dealer will, in offering Shares, comply with the provisions of all applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors and will make every reasonable effort to determine the suitability and appropriateness of an investment in Shares of each proposed investor solicited by a person associated with Participating Dealer by reviewing documents and records disclosing the basis upon which the determination as to suitability was reached as to each such proposed investor, whether such documents and records relate to accounts which have been closed, accounts which are currently maintained, or accounts hereafter established. Participating Dealer agrees to retain such documents and records in Participating Dealer s records for a period of six years from the date of the applicable sale of Shares, to otherwise comply with all applicable record keeping requirements and to make such documents and records available to (i) the Dealer Manager and the Company upon request and (ii) representatives of the SEC, FINRA and applicable state securities administrators upon Participating Dealer s receipt of an appropriate document, subpoena or other appropriate request for documents from any such agency. Participating Dealer shall not purchase any Shares for a discretionary account without obtaining the prior written approval of Participating Dealer s customer and such customer s completed and executed Subscription Agreement. 
 Participating Dealer further represents that it understands that the Shares have not been registered and are not expected to be registered under the laws of any country or jurisdiction outside of the United States except as otherwise described in the Memorandum. 
 XI. Disclosure Review Confidentiality of Information . 
 Participating Dealer agrees that it shall have reasonable grounds to believe based on the information made available to it through the Memorandum or other materials that all material facts are adequately and accurately disclosed in the Memorandum and provide a basis for evaluating the Shares. In making this determination, Participating Dealer shall evaluate, at a minimum, items of compensation, physical properties, tax aspects, financial stability and experience of the sponsor, conflicts of interest and risk factors, and appraisals and other pertinent reports. If Participating Dealer relies upon the results of any inquiry conducted by another member or members of FINRA, Participating Dealer shall have reasonable grounds to believe that such inquiry was conducted with due care, that the member or members conducting or directing the inquiry consented to the disclosure of the results of the inquiry and that the person who participated in or conducted the inquiry is not the Dealer Manager or a sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor of the Company. 
 It is anticipated that (i) Participating Dealer and Participating Dealer s officers, directors, managers, employees, owners, members, partners, home office diligence personnel or other agents of Participating Dealer that are conducting a due diligence inquiry on behalf of Participating Dealer and (ii) persons or committees, as the case may be, responsible for determining whether Participating Dealer will participate in the Offering ((i) and (ii) are collectively, the Diligence Representatives either have previously or will in the future have access to certain Confidential Information (defined below) pertaining to the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Adviser or their respective affiliates. For purposes hereof, Confidential Information shall mean and include (i) trade secrets concerning the business and affairs of the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Adviser, or their respective affiliates (ii) confidential data, know-how, current and planned research and development, current and planned methods and processes, marketing lists or strategies, slide presentations, business plans, however documented, belonging to the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Adviser, or their respective affiliates (iii) information concerning the business and affairs of the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Adviser, or their respective affiliates (including, without limitation, historical financial statements, financial projections and budgets, investment-related information, models, budgets, plans, and market studies, however documented) (iv) any information marked or designated Confidential For Due Diligence Purposes Only and (v) any notes, analysis, compilations, studies, summaries and other material containing or based, in whole or in part, on any information included in the foregoing. Participating Dealer agrees to keep, and to cause its Diligence Representatives to keep, all such Confidential Information strictly confidential and to not use, distribute or copy the same except in connection with Participating Dealer s due 

diligence inquiry. Participating Dealer agrees to not disclose, and to cause its Diligence Representatives not to disclose, such Confidential Information to the public, or to Participating Dealer s sales staff, financial advisors, or any person involved in selling efforts related to the Offering or to any other third party and agrees not to use the Confidential Information in any manner in the offer and sale of the Shares. Participating Dealer further agrees to use all reasonable precautions necessary to preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information, including, but not limited to (a) limiting access to such information to persons who have a need to know such information only for the purpose of Participating Dealer s due diligence inquiry and (b) informing each recipient of such Confidential Information of Participating Dealer s confidentiality obligation. Participating Dealer acknowledges that Participating Dealer or its Diligence Representatives may previously have received Confidential Information in connection with preliminary due diligence on the Company, and agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall apply to any such previously received Confidential Information. Participating Dealer acknowledges that Participating Dealer or its Diligence Representatives may in the future receive Confidential Information either in individual or collective meetings or telephone calls with the Company, and agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall apply to any Confidential Information received in the future through any source or medium. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) if approved in writing for disclosure by the Company or the Dealer Manager, (b) pursuant to a subpoena or as required by law, or (c) as required by regulation, rule, order or request of any governing or self-regulatory organization (including without limitation the SEC or FINRA), provided that Participating Dealer shall notify the Dealer Manager in advance if practicable under the circumstances of any attempt to obtain Confidential Information pursuant to provisions (b) and (c). 
 XII. Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Programs . 
 Participating Dealer hereby represents that it has complied and will comply with Section 326 of the Patriot Act and the implementing rules and regulations promulgated thereunder in connection with broker dealers anti-money laundering obligations. Participating Dealer hereby represents that it has adopted and implemented, and will maintain a written anti-money laundering compliance program AML Program including, without limitation, anti-money laundering policies and procedures relating to customer identification in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including federal and state securities laws, the Patriot Act, Executive Order 13224 Executive Order on Terrorist Financing Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism, and applicable rules of FINRA. In accordance with these applicable laws and regulations and its AML Program, Participating Dealer agrees to verify the identity of its new customers to maintain customer records and to check the names of new customers against government watch lists, including the Office of Foreign Asset Control s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. Additionally, Participating Dealer will monitor account activity to identify patterns of unusual size or volume, geographic factors and any other red flags described in the Patriot Act as potential signals of money laundering or terrorist financing. Participating Dealer will submit to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network any required suspicious activity reports about such activity and further will disclose such activity to applicable federal and state law enforcement when required by law. Upon request by the Dealer Manager at any time, Participating Dealer hereby agrees to furnish (a) a copy of its AML Program to the Dealer Manager for review, and (b) a copy of the findings and any remedial actions taken in connection with Participating Dealer s most recent independent testing of its AML Program. Participating Dealer agrees to notify the Dealer Manager immediately if Participating Dealer is subject to a FINRA disclosure event or fine from FINRA related to its AML Program. 
 XIII. Privacy . 
 Participating Dealer agrees as follows 
 Participating Dealer agrees to abide by and comply in all respects with (a) the privacy standards and requirements of the GLBA and applicable regulations promulgated thereunder, (b) the privacy standards and requirements of any other applicable federal or state law, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA ), and (c) its own internal privacy policies and procedures, each as may be amended from time to time. 
 The parties hereto acknowledge that from time to time, Participating Dealer may share with the Company and the Company may share with Participating Dealer nonpublic personal information (as defined under the GLBA) of customers of Participating Dealer. This nonpublic personal information may include, but is not limited to a customer s name, address, telephone number, social security number, account information and personal financial information. Participating Dealer shall only be granted access to such nonpublic personal information of each of its customers that pertains to the period or periods during which Participating Dealer served as the broker-dealer of record for such customer s account. Participating Dealer, the Dealer Manager and the Company shall not disclose nonpublic personal information of any customers who have opted out of such disclosures, except (a) to service providers (when necessary and as permitted under the GLBA), (b) to carry out the purposes for which one party discloses such nonpublic personal information to another party under this Agreement (when necessary and as permitted under the GLBA) or (c) as otherwise required by applicable law. Any nonpublic personal information that one party receives from another party shall be subject to the limitations on usage described in this Section XIII . 

Except as expressly permitted under the FCRA, Participating Dealer agrees that it shall not disclose any information that would be considered a consumer report under the FCRA. 
 Participating Dealer shall be responsible for determining which customers have opted out of the disclosure of nonpublic personal information by periodically reviewing and, if necessary, retrieving a list of such customers (the List to identify customers that have exercised their opt-out rights. In the event Participating Dealer, the Dealer Manager or the Company expects to use or disclose nonpublic personal information of any customer for purposes other than as set forth in this Section XIII , it must first consult the List to determine whether the affected customer has exercised his or her opt-out rights. The use or disclosure of any nonpublic personal information of any customer that is identified on the List as having opted out of such disclosures, except as set forth in this Section XIII , shall be prohibited. 
 Participating Dealer shall implement commercially reasonable measures in compliance with industry best practices designed (a) to assure the security and confidentiality of nonpublic personal information of all customers (b) to protect such information against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information (c) to protect against unauthorized access to, or use of, such information that could result in material harm to any customer (d) to protect against unauthorized disclosure of such information to unaffiliated third parties and (e) to otherwise ensure its compliance with all applicable privacy standards and requirements of federal or state law (including, but not limited to, the GLBA), and any other applicable legal or regulatory requirements. Participating Dealer further agrees to cause all its agents, representatives, affiliates, subcontractors, or any other party to whom Participating Dealer provides access to or discloses nonpublic personal information of customers to implement appropriate measures designed to meet the objectives set forth in this Section XIII . 
 XIV. Indemnification . 
 For the purposes of this Section XIV , an entity s Indemnified Parties (each, an Indemnified Party shall include the entity itself and such entity s officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls such entity within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act. 
 (a) Participating Dealer shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Dealer Manager and each of their respective Indemnified Parties, from and against any and all loss, liability, action, claim, damage and expense whatsoever Losses to which any of the Indemnified Parties may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses arise out of or are based upon (i) any untrue statement of a material fact contained in (a) the Memorandum or (b) any Authorized Sales Literature or (ii) the omission to state in the Memorandum or Authorized Sales Literature a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading provided, howeve r, that clauses (i) and (ii) apply, to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Dealer Manager by or on behalf of Participating Dealer specifically for inclusion in the Memorandum or Authorized Sales Literature (iii) any use by Participating Dealer or its representatives or agents in the offer and sale of the Shares of (a) sales literature that is not Authorized Sales Literature, (b) use of Authorized Sales Literature with potential investors who are not Accredited Investors, (c) use with investors of materials that are not designated or otherwise approved for use with end investors, (d) financial professional use only materials with investors, or (e) Authorized Sales Literature in a particular jurisdiction if such Authorized Sales Literature bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares in such jurisdiction (iv) any untrue statement made by Participating Dealer or its representatives or agents or omission to state a fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares (v) any material violation of this Agreement (vi) any failure to comply with applicable laws governing privacy issues, money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including applicable rules of the SEC, FINRA and the Patriot Act or (vii) any other failure to comply with applicable rules of FINRA or federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Participating Dealer will reimburse the Indemnified Parties for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending such Losses. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that Participating Dealer may otherwise have. 
 (b) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Party under this Section XIV of notice of the commencement of any action, such Indemnified Party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section XIV , notify in writing the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof. The failure of the Indemnified Party to so notify the indemnifying party will relieve the indemnifying party from any liability under this Section XIV as to the particular item for which indemnification is then being sought, but not from any other liability that it may have to any Indemnified Party. In case any such action is brought against any Indemnified Party, and it notifies an indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled, to the extent it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to participate in the defense thereof, with separate counsel. Such participation shall not relieve such indemnifying party of the obligation to reimburse the 

Indemnified Party for reasonable legal and other expenses (subject to Section XIV(c) below) incurred by such Indemnified Party in defending itself, except for such expenses incurred after the indemnifying party has deposited funds sufficient to effect the settlement, with prejudice, of the claim in respect of which indemnity is sought. Any such indemnifying party shall not be liable to any such Indemnified Party on account of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such indemnifying party. Any Indemnified Party shall not be bound to perform or refrain from performing any act pursuant to the terms of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such Indemnified Party. 
 (c) The indemnifying party under this Section XIV of this Agreement shall pay all legal fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party in the defense of such claims or actions provided, however , that the indemnifying party shall not be obligated to pay legal expenses and fees to more than one law firm in connection with the defense of similar claims arising out of the same alleged acts or omissions giving rise to such claims notwithstanding that such actions or claims are alleged or brought by one or more parties against more than one Indemnified Party. If such claims or actions are alleged or brought against more than one Indemnified Party, then the indemnifying party shall only be obligated to reimburse the expenses and fees of the one law firm that has been selected by a majority of the Indemnified Parties against which such action is finally brought and in the event a majority of such Indemnified Parties is unable to agree on which law firm for which expenses or fees will be reimbursable by the indemnifying party, then payment shall be made to the first law firm of record representing an Indemnified Party against the action or claim. Such law firm shall be paid only to the extent of services performed by such law firm and no reimbursement shall be payable to such law firm on account of legal services performed by another law firm. 
 (d) The indemnity agreement contained in this Section XIV shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of Participating Dealer, or any person controlling Participating Dealer or by or on behalf of the Company, the Dealer Manager or any officer or director thereof, or by or on behalf of any person controlling the Company or the Dealer Manager, (ii) delivery of any Shares and payment therefor, and (iii) any termination of this Agreement. A successor of Participating Dealer or of any party to this Agreement, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity agreement contained in this Section XIV . 
 XV. Undertaking to Not Facilitate a Secondary Market in the Shares . 
 Participating Dealer acknowledges that there is no public trading market for the Shares and that there are limits on the ownership, transferability and redemption of the Shares, which significantly limit the liquidity of an investment in the Shares. Participating Dealer also acknowledges that the Company s share repurchase plan (the Plan provides only a limited opportunity for investors to have their Shares purchased by the Company and that the Company s board of directors may, in its sole discretion, amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan at any time in accordance with the terms of the Plan. Participating Dealer hereby agrees that so long as the Company has not listed the Shares on a national securities exchange, Participating Dealer will not engage in any action or transaction that would facilitate or otherwise create the appearance of a secondary market in the Shares without the prior written approval of the Dealer Manager. 
 XVI. Arbitration . 
 Any dispute, controversy or claim arising between the parties relating to this Agreement (whether such dispute arises under any federal, state or local statute or regulation, or at common law), shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration administered in accordance with the then-current commercial arbitration rules of FINRA in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including the governing law provisions of this Agreement and pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. 1 16)). The parties will request that the arbitrator or arbitration panel Arbitrator issue written findings of fact and conclusions of law. The Arbitrator shall not be empowered to make any award or render any judgment for punitive damages, and the Arbitrator shall be required to follow applicable law in construing this Agreement, making awards, and rendering judgments. The decision of the arbitration panel shall be final and binding, and judgment upon any arbitration award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction. All arbitration hearings will be held at the Atlanta, Georgia FINRA District Office or at another mutually agreed upon site. The parties may agree on a single arbitrator, or, if the parties cannot so agree, each party will have the right to choose one arbitrator, and the selected arbitrators will choose a third arbitrator. Each arbitrator must have experience and education that qualify him or her to competently address the specific issues to be designated for arbitration. Notwithstanding the preceding, no party will be prevented from immediately seeking provisional remedies in courts of competent jurisdiction, including but not limited to, temporary restraining orders and preliminary injunctions, but such remedies will not be sought as a means to avoid or stay arbitration. 
 XVII. Termination Survival Amendment Entire Agreement . 
 Participating Dealer will immediately suspend or terminate its offer and sale of Shares upon the request of the Company or the Dealer Manager at any time and will resume its offer and sale of Shares hereunder upon subsequent request of the Company or the Dealer Manager. Any party may terminate this Agreement by written notice pursuant to Section XX below, which termination notice may be delivered in such party s sole discretion. Such termination 

shall be effective 48 hours after the mailing of such written notice. This Agreement shall automatically terminate without the requirement for further action by any party to this Agreement upon the termination of the Dealer Manager Agreement. 
 Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, the Dealer Manager shall pay to Participating Dealer all earned but unpaid compensation to which Participating Dealer is or becomes entitled under Section V hereof at such time as such compensation or reimbursement becomes payable. 
 The respective agreements and obligations of Participating Dealer and the Dealer Manager set forth in Sections V , XII through XIV and XVI through XXII of this Agreement and Section 8 of the Dealer Manager Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the payment of any amount to Participating Dealer, Participating Dealer agrees to pay Participating Dealer s proportionate share of any claim, demand or liability asserted against Participating Dealer and the other Participating Distribution Agents (as defined in the Dealer Manager Agreement) on the basis that such Participating Distribution Agents or any of them constitute an association, unincorporated business or other separate entity, including in each case such Participating Distribution Agent s proportionate share of any expenses incurred in defending against any such claim, demand or liability. 
 This Agreement may be amended at any time by the Dealer Manager by written notice to Participating Dealer, and any such amendment, including any amendment to the Dealer Manager Agreement, shall be deemed accepted by Participating Dealer upon placing an order for sale of Shares after it has received such notice. 
 This Agreement and the schedules hereto are the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, if any, between the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof. 
 XVIII. Use of Company and Invesco Names . 
 Except as expressly provided herein, nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver by the Dealer Manager of any consent that would otherwise be required under this Agreement or applicable law prior to the use of Participating Dealer of the name or identifying marks of the Company, the Dealer Manager, Invesco or Invesco Real Estate (or any combination or derivation thereof). The Dealer Manager reserves the right to withdraw its consent to the use of the Company s name at any time and to request to review any materials generated by Participating Dealer that use the Company s or Invesco s name or mark. Any such consent is expressly subject to the continuation of this Agreement and shall terminate with the termination of this Agreement as provided herein. 
 
 XIX. Assignment Third Party Beneficiary . 
 Participating Dealer shall have no right to assign this Agreement or any of Participating Dealer s rights hereunder or to delegate any of Participating Dealer s obligations. Any purported assignment or delegation by Participating Dealer shall be null and void. The Dealer Manager shall have the right to assign any or all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement by written notice, and Participating Dealer shall be deemed to have consented to such assignment by execution hereof. Dealer Manager shall provide written notice of any such assignment to Participating Dealer. The Company is a third party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement and may enforce its rights, to the extent set forth herein, against any party to this Agreement. 
 XX. Notice . 
 All notices or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given or delivered (i) when delivered personally or by commercial messenger, (ii) on the business day of transmission if sent by email to the email address given below, with written confirmation of receipt, and (iii) one (1) business day following deposit with a recognized overnight courier service, provided such deposit occurs prior to the deadline imposed by such service for overnight delivery, in each case above provided such communication is addressed to the intended recipient thereof as set forth below 

If to the Dealer Manager, to Invesco Distributors, Inc. 11 Greenway Plaza Suite 1000 Houston, Texas 77046-1173 Attention Veronica Castillo Email Veronica.Castillo invesco.com If to Participating Dealer, to The address specified by Participating Dealer on the signature page hereto. 
 XXI. Attorneys Fees Applicable Law and Venue . 
 In any action to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or to secure damages for its breach, the prevailing party shall recover its costs and reasonable attorney s fees. This Agreement and any disputes relative to the interpretation or enforcement hereto shall be governed by and construed under the internal laws, as opposed to the conflicts of law provisions, of the State of Delaware. Venue for any action brought hereunder (including arbitration) shall lie exclusively in Atlanta, Georgia. 
 XXII. No Partnership . 
 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted to constitute Participating Dealer as an employee, agent or representative of, or in association with or in partnership with, the Dealer Manager, the Company or the other Participating Distribution Agents. Instead, this Agreement shall only constitute Participating Dealer as a dealer authorized by the Dealer Manager to sell the Shares according to the terms set forth in the Memorandum and in this Agreement. 
 Signatures on following pages. 
 If the foregoing is in accordance with Participating Dealer s understanding and agreement, please sign and return the attached duplicate of this Agreement. 

Very truly yours, 

INVESCO DISTRIBUTORS, INC. By Title Date 
 We have read the foregoing Agreement and we hereby accept and agree to the terms and conditions therein set forth. 
 1. Identity of Participating Dealer 

Company Name 

Type of entity 

Organized in the State of 
 Licensed as broker-dealer in all States Yes ________ No _________ 

If no, list all States licensed as broker-dealer 

Tax ID # 
 2. Person to receive notices delivered pursuant to the Agreement. 

Name 

Company 

Address 

City, State and Zip 

Telephone 

Fax 

Email 

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY PARTICIPATING DEALER 

(Participating Dealer s Firm Name) By Signature 

Name Title Date 

SCHEDULE I 
 ADDENDUM 
 TO 
 PARTICIPATING DEALER AGREEMENT WITH 
 INVESCO DISTRIBUTORS, INC. 
 Name of Participating Dealer 
 The following Schedule reflects the compensation as agreed upon between Invesco Distributors, Inc. (the Dealer Manager and Participating Dealer, effective as of the effective date of the Participating Dealer Agreement (the Agreement between the Dealer Manager and Participating Dealer in connection with the offering of shares of Class D Common Stock, Class D-1 Common Stock, Class E Common Stock, Class I Common Stock, Class S Common Stock and Class S-1 Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share (the Shares ), of Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ). 
 
 Except as otherwise provided herein, all expenses incurred by Participating Dealer in the performance of Participating Dealer s obligations hereunder, including, but not limited to, expenses related to the Shares and any attorneys fees, shall be at Participating Dealer s sole cost and expense. 
 Upfront Selling Commissions 
 Except as may be provided in the Subscriptions, Share Repurchase Program, Plan of Distribution and Valuation Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum, as compensation for completed sales (as defined below) by Participating Dealer of Shares that Participating Dealer is authorized to sell and for services rendered by Participating Dealer hereunder, the Dealer Manager shall reallow to Participating Dealer an upfront selling commission in an amount up to of the transaction price per Share on such completed sales of Shares by Participating Dealer. Participating Dealer shall not receive selling commissions for sales of any Shares pursuant to the DRP. For purposes of this Schedule I , a completed sale shall occur if and only if a transaction has closed with a subscriber for Shares pursuant to all applicable offering and subscription documents, payment for the Shares has been received by the Company in full in the manner provided in Section III of the Agreement, the Company has accepted the Subscription Agreement of such subscriber, and the Company has thereafter distributed the selling commission to the Dealer Manager in connection with such transaction. Participating Dealer affirms that the Dealer Manager s liability for selling commissions payable to Participating Dealer is limited solely to the Selling Commissions received by the Dealer Manager from the Company associated with Participating Dealer s sale of Shares. 
 Participating Dealer may withhold the selling commissions to which it is entitled pursuant to the Agreement, this Schedule I and the Memorandum from the purchase price for the Shares in the Offering and forward the balance to the Company or its agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement if it represents to the Dealer Manager that (i) Participating Dealer is legally permitted to do so and (ii) (A) Participating Dealer meets all applicable net capital requirements under the rules of FINRA or other applicable rules regarding such an arrangement (B) Participating Dealer has forwarded the Subscription Agreement to the Company or its agent within the time required under Section III, and the Company has accepted the subscription prior to forwarding the purchase price for the Shares, net of the selling commissions, to which Participating Dealer is entitled, to the Company or its agent and (C) Participating Dealer has verified that there are sufficient funds in the investor s account with Participating Dealer to cover the entire cost of the subscription. Participating Dealer shall wire such subscription funds to the Company or its agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement by the end of the first business day following the Company s acceptance of the subscription. 
 
 Participating Dealer shall be responsible for implementing any discounts or other special circumstances described in or otherwise provided for in the Subscriptions, Share Repurchase Program, Plan of Distribution and Valuation Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum. Requests to combine purchase orders of Shares as a part of a combined order for the purpose of qualifying for discounts as described in the Subscriptions, Share Repurchase Program, Plan of Distribution and Valuation Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum must 

be made in writing by Participating Dealer, and any resulting reduction in selling commissions will be prorated among the separate subscribers. 
 Stockholder Servicing Fees 
 The payment of the stockholder servicing fee to Participating Dealer is subject to terms and conditions set forth herein and the Memorandum as may be amended or supplemented from time to time. If Participating Dealer elects to sell Class D Shares, Class D-1 Shares, Class S Shares or Class S-1 Shares, eligibility to receive the stockholder servicing fee with respect to the Class D Shares, Class D-1 Shares, Class S Shares or Class S-1 Shares, as applicable, sold by Participating Dealer is conditioned upon Participating Dealer acting as broker-dealer of record with respect to such Shares and complying with the requirements set forth below, including providing stockholder and account maintenance services with respect to such Shares. For the avoidance of doubt, such services are non-distribution services, other than those primarily intended to result in the sale of Shares. 

(i) The existence of an effective Participating Dealer Agreement or ongoing Servicing Agreement between the Dealer Manager and Participating Dealer and 

(ii) the provision of the following services with respect to the Class D Shares, Class D-1 Shares, Class S Shares or Class S-1 Shares, as applicable, by Participating Dealer 

1 assistance with recordkeeping, including maintaining records for and on behalf of Participating Dealer s customers reflecting transactions and balances of Shares owned 
 
 2 answering investor inquiries regarding the Company, including distribution payments and reinvestments 

3 helping investors understand their investments upon their request and 
 
 4 share repurchase requests. 
 In connection with this provision, Participating Dealer agrees to reasonably cooperate to provide certification to the Company, the Dealer Manager, and its agents (including its auditors) confirming the provision of services to each particular class of stockholders upon reasonable request. Participating Dealer hereby represents by its acceptance of each payment of the Servicing Fee that it complies with each of the above requirements and is providing the above-described services. 
 Subject to any special circumstances or limitations described in or otherwise provided in the Subscriptions, Share Repurchase Program, Plan of Distribution and Valuation Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum, the Dealer Manager will pay Participating Dealer a stockholder servicing fee with respect to Class S Shares equal to per annum of the aggregate NAV of outstanding Class S Shares sold by Participating Dealer (including with respect to Shares sold in connection with the DRP), with respect to Class S-1 Shares equal to per annum of the aggregate NAV of outstanding Class S-1 Shares sold by Participating Dealer (including with respect to Shares sold in connection with the DRP), with respect to Class D Shares equal to per annum of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class D Shares sold by Participating Dealer (including with respect to Shares sold in connection with the DRP) and with respect to Class D-1 Shares equal to per annum of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class D-1 Shares sold by Participating Dealer (including with respect to Shares sold in connection with the DRP). 

The Dealer Manager will pay the stockholder servicing fee to Participating Dealer monthly in arrears. All determinations regarding the total amount and rate of reallowance of the stockholder servicing fee , Participating Dealer s compliance with the listed conditions, and or the portion retained by the Dealer Manager will be made by the Dealer Manager in its sole discretion. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the terms of the Memorandum, at such time as Participating Dealer is no longer the broker-dealer of record custodian with respect to such Shares or no longer satisfies any or all of the conditions in the Agreement giving rise to the stockholder servicing fee, then Participating Dealer s entitlement to the stockholder servicing fees related to such Shares shall cease and Participating Dealer shall not receive the stockholder servicing fee for any portion of the month in which such party is not eligible to receive the stockholder servicing fees on the last day of the month. Broker-dealer transfers will be made effective as of the start of the first business day of a month. All determinations will be made by the Dealer Manager in good faith in its sole discretion. 
 The Dealer Manager will cease paying the stockholder servicing fees with respect to any Class D Share or Class S Share held in a stockholder s account at the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager, in conjunction with the Company s transfer agent, determines that total upfront selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees paid with respect to the Shares held by such stockholder within such account would exceed, in the aggregate, 8.75 (or in the case of Class D Shares or Class S Shares sold through certain Participating Distribution Agents, such other amount approved by the Company s board of directors in accordance with the Company s Charter and specified in an agreement between the Dealer Manager and such Participating Distribution Agent at the time such Shares were issued) of the gross proceeds from the sale of such Shares (including the gross proceeds of any Shares issued under the DRP upon the reinvestment of distributions paid with respect thereto or with respect to any Shares issued under the DRP directly or indirectly attributable to such Shares). At the end of such month, each such Class S Share or Class D Share will convert into a number of Class I Shares (including any fractional Shares), each with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such Share. In addition, the Dealer Manager will cease paying the stockholder servicing fees on the Class D Shares, Class D-1 Shares, Class S Shares and Class S-1 Shares on the earlier to occur of the following (i) a listing of a class of stock of the Company or (ii) the Company s merger or consolidation with or into another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, in each case in a transaction in which Stockholders receive cash or securities listed on a national securities exchange. 
 
 General 
 
 Selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees due to Participating Dealer pursuant to this Agreement will be paid to Participating Dealer within 30 days after receipt by the Dealer Manager. Participating Dealer, in its sole discretion, may authorize Dealer Manager to deposit selling commissions, stockholder servicing fees or other payments due to it pursuant to this Agreement directly to its bank account. If Participating Dealer so elects, Participating Dealer shall provide such deposit authorization and instructions in Schedule II to this Agreement. 
 The parties hereby agree that the foregoing selling commissions and reallowed stockholder servicing fees are not in excess of the usual and customary distributors or sellers commission received in the sale of securities similar to the Shares, that Participating Dealer s interest in the Offering is limited to such selling commissions and reallowed stockholder servicing fees, as applicable, from the Dealer Manager and Participating Dealer s indemnity referred to in the Dealer Manager Agreement, and that the Company is not liable or responsible for the direct payment of such selling commissions and reallowed stockholder servicing fees to Participating Dealer. 
 Participating Dealer waives any and all rights to receive compensation until it is paid to and received by the Dealer Manager. Participating Dealer acknowledges and agrees that, if the Company pays selling commissions or stockholder servicing fees, as applicable, to the Dealer Manager, the Company is relieved of any obligation for selling commissions or stockholder servicing fees, as applicable, to Participating Dealer. The Company may rely on and use the preceding acknowledgement as a defense against any claim by Participating Dealer for selling commissions or stockholder servicing fees, as applicable, the Company pays to Dealer Manager but that Dealer Manager fails to remit to Participating Dealer. Participating Dealer affirms that the Dealer Manager s liability for selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees payable is limited solely to the proceeds of selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees, as applicable, receivable from the Company and Participating Dealer hereby waives any and all rights to receive payment of selling commissions or any reallowance of stockholder servicing fees due until such time as the Dealer Manager is in receipt of the selling commission or stockholder servicing fees, as applicable, from the Company. Notwithstanding the above, Participating Dealer affirms that, to the extent Participating Dealer retains selling commissions as described above under Upfront Selling Commissions, neither the Company nor the Dealer Manager shall have liability for selling commissions payable to Participating Dealer, and that Participating Dealer is solely responsible for retaining the selling commissions due to Participating Dealer 

from the subscription funds received by Participating Dealer from its customers for the purchase of Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 Due Diligence 
 In addition, as set forth in the Memorandum, the Dealer Manager or, in certain cases at the option of the Company, the Company, will pay or reimburse Participating Dealer for reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses incurred by Participating Dealer in connection with the Offering. Such due diligence expenses may include travel, lodging, meals and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Participating Dealer and its personnel when visiting the Company s offices or properties to verify information relating to the Company or its properties. Participating Dealer shall provide a detailed and itemized invoice for any such due diligence expenses and shall obtain the prior written approval from the Dealer Manager for such expenses, and no such expenses shall be reimbursed absent a detailed and itemized invoice. All such reimbursements will be made in accordance with, and subject to the restrictions and limitations imposed under the Memorandum, applicable FINRA rules and other applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Addendum to be executed as of the date first written above. 

DEALER MANAGER INVESCO DISTRIBUTORS, INC. By Title Date 

PARTICIPATING DEALER (Print Name of Participating Dealer) 

By Title Date 

SCHEDULE II 
 ADDENDUM 
 TO 
 PARTICIPATING DEALER AGREEMENT WITH 
 INVESCO DISTRIBUTORS, INC. 
 NAME OF ISSUER Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. 
 NAME OF PARTICIPATING DEALER 
 SCHEDULE TO AGREEMENT DATED 
 Participating Dealer hereby authorizes the Dealer Manager or its agent to deposit selling commissions, stockholder servicing fees and other payments due to it pursuant to the Participating Dealer Agreement to its bank account specified below. This authority will remain in force until Participating Dealer notifies the Dealer Manager in writing to cancel it. In the event that the Dealer Manager deposits funds erroneously into Participating Dealer s account, the Dealer Manager is authorized to debit the account with no prior notice to Participating Dealer for an amount not to exceed the amount of the erroneous deposit. 
 
 Bank Name 
 
 Bank Address 
 
 Bank Routing Number 
 
 Account Number 

PARTICIPATING DEALER 
 
 (Print Name of Participating Dealer) 

By Title Date 

EXHIBIT B 
 FORM OF PARTICIPATING ADVISER AGREEMENT 
 See attached 
 
 INVESCO DISTRIBUTORS, INC. 
 FORM OF PARTICIPATING ADVISER AGREEMENT 
 INVESCO COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST, INC. 
 ______, 20___ 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Subject to the terms described in this participating adviser agreement (this Agreement ), Invesco Distributors, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as the dealer manager (the Dealer Manager for Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), invites you Participating Adviser to participate in the distribution, on a best efforts basis, of shares of the Company s Class D Common Stock Class D Shares ), Class D-1 Common Stock Class D-1 Shares ), Class E Common Stock Class E Shares and Class I Common Stock Class I Shares ), 0.01 par value per share (collectively, the Shares ). The Company is currently offering the Shares (the Offering in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), pursuant to Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act Regulation D upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Company s Private Placement Memorandum (as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, including all appendixes and exhibits thereto, the Memorandum ). Each subscriber will be required to enter into a subscription agreement (as may be amended by the Company from time to time, the Subscription Agreement ), and will, upon acceptance of the subscription by the Company, become a stockholder of the Company (individually a Stockholder and collectively the Stockholders ). 
 The Shares will be offered and sold in the Offering until the earliest to occur of (1) the date upon which any maximum offering amount of Shares, as set forth in the Memorandum, is sold and (2) the date upon which the Company terminates the Offering. 
 I. Dealer Manager Agreement . 
 The Dealer Manager has entered into that certain Dealer Manager Agreement with the Company and Invesco Advisers, Inc., the Company s external adviser (the Adviser ), dated August 20, 2024 (as amended, the Dealer Manager Agreement ). In connection with performing the Dealer Manager s obligations under the Dealer Manager Agreement, the Dealer Manager is authorized to enter into (A) participating dealer agreements materially in the form attached as Exhibit A to the Dealer Manager Agreement or in such other form as shall be pre-approved in writing by the Company with other broker-dealers who are members of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA to solicit subscriptions for Shares in the Offering, (B) participating adviser agreements materially in the form attached as Exhibit B to the Dealer Manager Agreement or in such other form as shall be pre-approved in writing by the Company with registered investment advisers, and (C) participating bank agreements in the form pre-approved in writing by the Company with other properly licensed financial intermediaries. Upon effectiveness of this Agreement, Participating Adviser will become one of the Participating Advisers referred to in the Dealer Manager Agreement and will be entitled to and subject to the terms and conditions of the Dealer Manager Agreement. Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Dealer Manager Agreement. 
 II. Sale of Shares . 
 By Participating Adviser s acceptance of this Agreement, Participating Adviser hereby makes the Shares available for purchase by the clients of the Participating Adviser on a non-exclusive basis and hereby agrees to use its best efforts to sell the Shares for cash on the terms and conditions set forth in the Memorandum. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to make Participating Adviser an employee, agent, representative or partner of the Dealer Manager or the Company, and Participating Adviser is not authorized to act for the Dealer Manager or the Company or to make any representations on their behalf except as set forth in the Memorandum or as otherwise specifically authorized by the Company or the Dealer Manager, as applicable. Participating Adviser acknowledges that each of the Company, the Dealer Manager, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and affiliates, are not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity in connection with the Offering and that each of the Company, the Dealer Manager, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and affiliates, have financial interests associated with the purchase of the Shares, as described in the Memorandum, including fees, expense reimbursements, and other payments they anticipate receiving in connection with the Offerings. Participating Adviser acknowledges and agrees that Participating Adviser s clients 

that purchase the Shares are relying on recommendations and investment advice provided by Participating Adviser through its representatives and not on any recommendation by the Company or the Dealer Manager. 
 III. Submission of Orders . 
 Each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering will be required to complete and execute a Subscription Agreement and to deliver to Participating Adviser such completed and executed Subscription Agreement together with a check or wire transfer (hereinafter referred to as an instrument of payment in the amount of such person s purchase, which must be at least the minimum purchase amount for the class of Shares being purchased as set forth in the Memorandum. Persons who purchase Shares will be instructed by Participating Adviser to make their instruments of payment payable to or for the benefit of Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. 
 If Participating Adviser receives a Subscription Agreement or instrument of payment not conforming to the foregoing instructions and any instructions set forth in the Memorandum, Participating Adviser shall return such Subscription Agreement and instrument of payment directly to such purchaser not later than the end of the first business day following receipt by Participating Adviser. Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment received by Participating Adviser which conform to the foregoing instructions shall be transmitted for deposit pursuant to one of the methods described in this Section III . Transmittal of received investor funds will be made in accordance with the following procedures, as applicable 
 (a) where, pursuant to Participating Adviser s internal supervisory procedures, internal supervisory review is conducted at the same location at which Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment are received from purchasers, then Participating Adviser will transmit the Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment to the Company or to such other account or agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement or as otherwise directed by the Company by the end of the next business day following receipt thereof by Participating Adviser and 
 (b) where, pursuant to Participating Adviser s internal supervisory procedures, final internal supervisory review is conducted at a different location (the Final Review Office ), then Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment will be transmitted by Participating Adviser to the Final Review Office by the end of the next business day following receipt by Participating Adviser. The Final Review Office will in turn, by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Final Review Office, transmit such Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment to the Company or to such other account or agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement or as otherwise directed by the Company. 
 Participating Adviser acknowledges and agrees that the Company reserves the unconditional right to reject any subscription for any or no reason. 
 IV. Pricing . 
 The purchase price per Share will vary and will generally equal the prior month s net asset value NAV per Share applicable to the class of Shares being purchased, as determined monthly (in accordance with the NAV calculation procedures described in the Memorandum), or at a different price in cases where the Company believes there has been a material change to the NAV per Share since the end of the prior month, which is referred to herein as the transaction price , plus in either case any applicable upfront selling commissions, subject in certain circumstances to reductions thereof as described in the Memorandum. 
 For stockholders who participate in the DRP, the cash distributions attributable to the class of Shares that each stockholder owns will be automatically invested in additional Shares of the same class. All Shares sold pursuant to the DRP are to be issued and sold to stockholders of the Company at a purchase price equal to the transaction price of the applicable class of Shares on the date that the distribution is payable. 
 Except as otherwise indicated in the Memorandum or in any letter or memorandum sent to Participating Adviser by the Company or the Dealer Manager, a minimum initial purchase of 10,000 in Class D Shares and Class E Shares is required, a minimum initial purchase of 1,000,000 in Class I Shares is required and a minimum initial purchase of 3,000,000 in Class D-1 Shares is required, and additional investments of Shares may be made in cash in minimal increments of at least 2,000, unless such minimums are waived by the Dealer Manager. 
 V. Participating Adviser s Compensation . 
 The Company and the Dealer Manager shall pay no fees, commissions, or other transaction-based compensation to Participating Adviser. 
 All expenses incurred by Participating Adviser in the performance of Participating Adviser s obligations hereunder, including, but not limited to, expenses related to the Offering and any attorneys fees, will be at Participating Adviser s sole cost and expense, and the foregoing will apply notwithstanding the fact that the Offering is not consummated for any reason. 
 VI. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Participating Adviser . 
 In addition to the representations and warranties found elsewhere in this Agreement, Participating Adviser represents, warrants and agrees that 

(a) It is duly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the state, commonwealth or other jurisdiction in which Participating Adviser is organized. 
 (b) It is empowered under applicable laws and by Participating Adviser s organizational documents to enter into this Agreement and perform all activities and services of Participating Adviser provided for herein and there are no impediments, prior or existing, or regulatory, self-regulatory, administrative, civil or criminal matters affecting Participating Adviser s ability to perform under this Agreement. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement the incurrence of the obligations set forth herein and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, including the issuance and sale of the Shares, will not constitute a breach of, or default under, any agreement or instrument by which Participating Adviser is bound, or to which any of its assets are subject, or any rule, regulation or order of any court or other governmental agency or body with jurisdiction over it. 
 (d) All requisite actions have been taken to authorize Participating Adviser to enter into and perform this Agreement. 
 (e) It shall notify the Dealer Manager, promptly in writing, of any written claim or complaint or any enforcement action or other proceeding with respect to Shares offered hereunder against Participating Adviser or its principals, affiliates, officers, directors, employees or agents, or any person who controls Participating Adviser, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act. 
 (f) Participating Adviser will not offer, sell or distribute Shares, or otherwise make any such Shares available, in any jurisdiction outside of the United States or U.S. territories unless Participating Dealer receives prior written consent from the Dealer Manager. 
 (g) Participating Adviser acknowledges that the Dealer Manager will enter into similar agreements with other advisers and broker-dealers, which does not require the consent of Participating Dealer. 
 VII. Right to Reject Orders or Cancel Sales . 
 The Company reserves the right to reject any order for any or no reason. Orders not accompanied by an executed Subscription Agreement in good order or the required instrument of payment for the Shares may be rejected. Issuance and delivery of the Shares will be made only after actual receipt of payment therefor. 
 VIII. Memorandum and Authorized Sales Literature . 
 Participating Adviser is not authorized or permitted to give, and will not give, any information or make any representation (written or oral) concerning the Shares except as set forth in the Memorandum or as otherwise specifically authorized by the Company. The Dealer Manager will supply Participating Adviser with reasonable quantities of the Memorandum, as provided by the Company, as well as any advertising and supplemental sales literature approved by the Company and to be used or delivered by the Dealer Manager or Participating Adviser in connection with the Offering Authorized Sales Literature ), as provided by the Company, for delivery to investors, and Participating Adviser will deliver a copy of the Memorandum to each investor to whom an offer is made. Participating Adviser agrees that it will not show or give to any investor or reproduce any material or writing that is supplied to it by the Dealer Manager unless it is designated, marked or otherwise authorized for use with potential investors. For the avoidance of doubt, Participating Adviser will not show or provide to any investor any material that is supplied to it by Dealer Manager and marked financial professional use only or otherwise bearing a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the offer or sale of Shares to potential investors. Participating Adviser agrees that it will not use in connection with the offer or sale of Shares any materials or writings which have not been previously approved by the Company in writing. Participating Adviser agrees that prior to the time that a person to whom it has furnished a copy of the Memorandum becomes a Stockholder, Participating Adviser will ensure that such person has received a copy of any revised, updated or supplemented Memorandum. 
 
 Participating Adviser shall (i) conduct all offering and solicitation efforts in a transaction or series of transactions intended to be exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and applicable state securities laws and regulations, as set forth in the Memorandum, (ii) not offer or sell Shares by any means otherwise inconsistent with this Agreement or the Memorandum, and (iii) not engage in any general advertising or general solicitation activities in connection with the Offering or any sale of the Shares. 
 Participating Adviser agrees that it shall have delivered (a) to each investor to whom an offer to sell the Shares is made, as of the time of such offer, a copy of the Memorandum and all supplements, amendments and exhibits thereto that have then been made available to Participating Adviser by the Dealer Manager and (b) to each investor that subscribes for Shares, as of the time the Company accepts such investor s order to purchase the Shares within the timeframes described in the Memorandum, a copy of the Memorandum and all supplements, amendments and exhibits thereto that have then been made available to Participating Adviser by the Dealer Manager. Participating 

Adviser agrees that it will not send or give any supplement to the Memorandum to an investor unless it has previously sent or given a Memorandum and all supplements, amendments and exhibits thereto. 
 IX. Compliance with Applicable Laws . 
 Participating Adviser s acceptance of this Agreement constitutes a representation and warranty to the Company and the Dealer Manager that (i) Participating Adviser is a registered investment adviser in good standing under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Act ), and as applicable under the securities laws of the states and the jurisdictions where it is required to be registered to conduct its activities under this Agreement and that its independent contractors and registered representatives have the appropriate licenses(s) to offer and sell the Shares in all such states and jurisdictions, and (ii) Participating Adviser is not registered as a broker-dealer with FINRA. This Agreement shall automatically terminate with no further action by any party hereto if Participating Adviser ceases to be a registered investment adviser in good standing under the Act or under the securities laws of any state in which Participating Adviser is required to be registered or licensed. Participating Adviser agrees to notify the Dealer Manager immediately if Participating Adviser ceases to be a registered investment adviser in good standing under the Act or under the securities laws of any state in which Participating Adviser is currently registered or licensed. 
 Participating Adviser s acceptance of this Agreement constitutes a representation and warranty to the Company and the Dealer Manager that Participating Adviser s performance of its obligations under this Agreement shall comply in all material respects with all applicable terms and requirements of (i) the Dealer Manager Agreement, which such terms are incorporated herein by reference, (ii) this Agreement and the Memorandum, (iii) the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated under the Securities Act, including without limitation Regulation D and Rule 506(b) thereunder, (iv) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated under the Exchange Act, (v) the Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated under the Act, (vi) applicable state securities or blue sky laws, and (vii) all other federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Offering and the offer and sale of the Shares, or the activities of Participating Adviser pursuant to this Agreement, including without limitation the privacy standards and requirements of state and federal laws, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 GLBA ), and the laws governing money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including the applicable rules of the SEC, the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act ), and regulations administered by the Office of Foreign Asset Control at the Department of the Treasury. Participating Adviser agrees to comply and shall comply with any applicable requirements with respect to its participation in any resales or transfers of the Shares. 
 
 None of (i) Participating Adviser, (ii) any of Participating Adviser s directors, executive officers, other officers participating in the Offering, general partners or managing members, (iii) any of the directors, executive officers or other officers participating in the Offering of any such general partner or managing member of Participating Adviser, or (iv) any other officers or employees of Participating Adviser or any such general partner or managing member of Participating Adviser that have been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the Offering (each, a Participating Adviser Covered Person and, collectively, the Participating Adviser Covered Persons ), is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to 506(d)(1)(viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualifying Event ), except for a Disqualifying Event (a) contemplated by Rule 506(d)(2) of the Securities Act and (b) a description of which has been furnished in writing to the Company and the Dealer Manager prior to the date hereof or, in the case of a Disqualifying Event occurring after the date hereof, prior to the date of any further offering of Shares. 
 With respect to each Participating Adviser Covered Person, Participating Adviser has established procedures reasonably designed to ensure that Participating Adviser receives notice from each such Participating Adviser Covered Person of (i) any Disqualifying Event relating to that Participating Adviser Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualifying Event relating to that Participating Adviser Covered Person, in each case, occurring up to and including the last date on which Shares are offered in the Offering. 
 Participating Adviser currently has in place and effect, and shall maintain in place and full force and effect during the term of this Agreement, insurance coverage in amounts and upon terms as are customary and appropriate for a party engaged in Participating Adviser s business and performing its obligations under this Agreement, including any and all minimum or mandated insurance coverage required by applicable law. 
 X. Limitation of Offer Suitability . 
 Participating Adviser will (a) conduct all offering and solicitation efforts in a transaction or series of transactions intended to be exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and applicable state securities laws and regulations (b) not offer or sell Shares by any means 

otherwise inconsistent with this Agreement or the Memorandum (c) offer Shares only to persons who meet the suitability standards set forth in the Memorandum (d) make offers only to persons in the jurisdictions in which the Dealer Manager is advised in writing by the Company that the Shares are qualified for sale or that such qualification is not required (e) only offer Shares in a jurisdiction if such Participating Adviser is duly licensed to transact securities business in such jurisdiction and (f) comply with the provisions of all other applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors including Rule 15 l -1 under the Exchange Act (Regulation Best Interest). 
 Participating Adviser agrees to ensure that, in recommending the purchase, sale or exchange of Shares to a potential investor, Participating Adviser shall have reasonable grounds to believe, on the basis of information obtained from the investor concerning the investor s investment objectives, other investments, financial situation and needs, and any other information known by Participating Adviser or an associated person, that each purchaser of Shares (A) is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act (an Accredited Investor and meets the other investor suitability requirements as may be established by the Company and set forth in the Memorandum (B) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that the offeree is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Shares (C) is a person for which an investment in the Shares are otherwise suitable and (D) was not solicited through the use of general solicitation. Participating Adviser further represents, warrants and covenants that Participating Adviser will, in offering Shares, comply with the provisions of all applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors and will make every reasonable effort to determine the suitability and appropriateness of an investment in Shares of each proposed investor solicited by a person associated with Participating Adviser by reviewing documents and records disclosing the basis upon which the determination as to suitability was reached as to each such proposed investor, whether such documents and records relate to accounts which have been closed, accounts which are currently maintained, or accounts hereafter established. Participating Adviser agrees to retain such documents and records in Participating Adviser s records for a period of six years from the date of the applicable sale of Shares, to otherwise comply with all applicable record keeping requirements and to make such documents and records available to (i) the Dealer Manager and the Company upon request and (ii) representatives of the SEC, FINRA and applicable state securities administrators upon Participating Adviser s receipt of an appropriate document, subpoena or other appropriate request for documents from any such agency. Participating Adviser shall not purchase any Shares for a discretionary account without obtaining the prior written approval of Participating Adviser s customer and such customer s completed and executed Subscription Agreement. 
 Participating Adviser further represents that it understands that the Shares have not been registered and are not expected to be registered under the laws of any country or jurisdiction outside of the United States except as otherwise described in the Memorandum. 
 XI. Disclosure Review Confidentiality of Information . 
 Participating Adviser agrees that it shall have reasonable grounds to believe based on the information made available to it through the Memorandum or other materials that all material facts are adequately and accurately disclosed in the Memorandum and provide a basis for evaluating the Shares. In making this determination, Participating Adviser shall evaluate, at a minimum, items of compensation, physical properties, tax aspects, financial stability and experience of the sponsor, conflicts of interest and risk factors, and appraisals and other pertinent reports. 
 It is anticipated that (i) Participating Adviser and Participating Adviser s officers, directors, managers, employees, owners, members, partners, diligence personnel or other agents of Participating Adviser that are conducting a due diligence inquiry on behalf of Participating Adviser and (ii) persons or committees, as the case may be, responsible for determining whether Participating Adviser will participate in the Offering ((i) and (ii) are collectively, the Diligence Representatives either have previously or will in the future have access to certain Confidential Information (defined below) pertaining to the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Adviser or their respective affiliates. For purposes hereof, Confidential Information shall mean and include (i) trade secrets concerning the business and affairs of the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Adviser, or their respective affiliates (ii) confidential data, know-how, current and planned research and development, current and planned methods and processes, marketing lists or strategies, slide presentations, business plans, however documented, belonging to the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Adviser, or their respective affiliates (iii) information concerning the business and affairs of the Company, the Dealer Manager, the Adviser, or their respective affiliates (including, without limitation, historical financial statements, financial projections and budgets, investment-related information, models, budgets, plans, and market studies, however documented) (iv) any information marked or designated Confidential For Due Diligence Purposes Only and (v) any notes, analysis, compilations, studies, summaries and other material containing or based, in whole or in part, on any information included in the foregoing. Participating Adviser agrees to keep, and to cause its Diligence Representatives to keep, all such Confidential Information strictly confidential and to not use, distribute or copy the same except in connection with Participating Adviser s due 

diligence inquiry. Participating Adviser agrees to not disclose, and to cause its Diligence Representatives not to disclose, such Confidential Information to the public, or to Participating Adviser s sales staff, financial advisors, or any person involved in selling efforts related to the Offering or to any other third party and agrees not to use the Confidential Information in any manner in the offer and sale of the Shares. Participating Adviser further agrees to use all reasonable precautions necessary to preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information, including, but not limited to (a) limiting access to such information to persons who have a need to know such information only for the purpose of Participating Adviser s due diligence inquiry and (b) informing each recipient of such Confidential Information of Participating Adviser s confidentiality obligation. Participating Adviser acknowledges that Participating Adviser or its Diligence Representatives may previously have received Confidential Information in connection with preliminary due diligence on the Company, and agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall apply to any such previously received Confidential Information. Participating Adviser acknowledges that Participating Adviser or its Diligence Representatives may in the future receive Confidential Information either in individual or collective meetings or telephone calls with the Company, and agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall apply to any Confidential Information received in the future through any source or medium. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) if approved in writing for disclosure by the Company or the Dealer Manager, (b) pursuant to a subpoena or as required by law, or (c) as required by regulation, rule, order or request of any governing or self-regulatory organization (including without limitation the SEC), provided that Participating Adviser shall notify the Dealer Manager in advance if practicable under the circumstances of any attempt to obtain Confidential Information pursuant to provisions (b) and (c). 
 XII. Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Programs . 
 Participating Adviser hereby represents that it has complied and will comply with Section 326 of the Patriot Act and the implementing rules and regulations promulgated thereunder in connection with its anti-money laundering obligations. Participating Adviser hereby represents that it has adopted and implemented, and will maintain a written anti-money laundering compliance program AML Program including, without limitation, anti-money laundering policies and procedures relating to customer identification in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including federal and state securities laws, the Patriot Act, Executive Order 13224 Executive Order on Terrorist Financing Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism. In accordance with these applicable laws and regulations and its AML Program, Participating Adviser agrees to verify the identity of its new customers to maintain customer records and to check the names of new customers against government watch lists, including the Office of Foreign Asset Control s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. Additionally, Participating Adviser will monitor account activity to identify patterns of unusual size or volume, geographic factors and any other red flags described in the Patriot Act as potential signals of money laundering or terrorist financing. Participating Adviser will submit to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network any required suspicious activity reports about such activity and further will disclose such activity to applicable federal and state law enforcement when required by law. Upon request by the Dealer Manager at any time, Participating Adviser hereby agrees to furnish (a) a copy of its AML Program to the Dealer Manager for review, and (b) a copy of the findings and any remedial actions taken in connection with Participating Adviser s most recent independent testing of its AML Program. 
 XIII. Privacy . 
 Participating Adviser agrees as follows 
 Participating Adviser agrees to abide by and comply in all respects with (a) the privacy standards and requirements of the GLBA and applicable regulations promulgated thereunder, (b) the privacy standards and requirements of any other applicable federal or state law, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA ), and (c) its own internal privacy policies and procedures, each as may be amended from time to time. 
 
 The parties hereto acknowledge that from time to time, Participating Adviser may share with the Company and the Company may share with Participating Adviser nonpublic personal information (as defined under the GLBA) of customers of Participating Adviser. This nonpublic personal information may include, but is not limited to a customer s name, address, telephone number, social security number, account information and personal financial information. Participating Adviser shall only be granted access to such nonpublic personal information of each of its customers that pertains to the period or periods during which Participating Adviser served as the registered investment adviser for such customer s account. Participating Adviser, the Dealer Manager and the Company shall not disclose nonpublic personal information of any customers who have opted out of such disclosures, except (a) to service providers (when necessary and as permitted under the GLBA), (b) to carry out the purposes for which one party discloses such nonpublic personal information to another party under this Agreement (when necessary and as permitted under the GLBA) or (c) as otherwise required by applicable law. Any nonpublic personal information that one party receives from another party shall be subject to the limitations on usage described 

in this Section XIII . Except as expressly permitted under the FCRA, Participating Adviser agrees that it shall not disclose any information that would be considered a consumer report under the FCRA. 
 Participating Adviser shall be responsible for determining which customers have opted out of the disclosure of nonpublic personal information by periodically reviewing and, if necessary, retrieving a list of such customers (the List to identify customers that have exercised their opt-out rights. In the event Participating Adviser, the Dealer Manager or the Company expects to use or disclose nonpublic personal information of any customer for purposes other than as set forth in this Section XIII , it must first consult the List to determine whether the affected customer has exercised his or her opt-out rights. The use or disclosure of any nonpublic personal information of any customer that is identified on the List as having opted out of such disclosures, except as set forth in this Section XIII , shall be prohibited. 
 Participating Adviser shall implement commercially reasonable measures in compliance with industry best practices designed (a) to assure the security and confidentiality of nonpublic personal information of all customers (b) to protect such information against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information (c) to protect against unauthorized access to, or use of, such information that could result in material harm to any customer (d) to protect against unauthorized disclosure of such information to unaffiliated third parties and (e) to otherwise ensure its compliance with all applicable privacy standards and requirements of federal or state law (including, but not limited to, the GLBA), and any other applicable legal or regulatory requirements. Participating Adviser further agrees to cause all its agents, representatives, affiliates, subcontractors, or any other party to whom Participating Adviser provides access to or discloses nonpublic personal information of customers to implement appropriate measures designed to meet the objectives set forth in this Section XIII . 
 XIV. Indemnification . 
 For the purposes of this Section XIV , an entity s Indemnified Parties (each, an Indemnified Party shall include the entity itself and such entity s officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls such entity within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act. 
 (a) Participating Adviser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Dealer Manager and each of their respective Indemnified Parties, from and against any and all loss, liability, action, claim, damage and expense whatsoever Losses to which any of the Indemnified Parties may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses arise out of or are based upon (i) any untrue statement of a material fact contained in (a) the Memorandum or (b) any Authorized Sales Literature or (ii) the omission to state in the Memorandum or Authorized Sales Literature a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading provided, howeve r, that clauses (i) and (ii) apply, to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Dealer Manager by or on behalf of Participating Adviser specifically for inclusion in the Memorandum or Authorized Sales Literature (iii) any use by Participating Adviser or its representatives or agents in the offer and sale of the Shares of (a) sales literature that is not Authorized Sales Literature, (b) use of Authorized Sales Literature with potential investors who are not Accredited Investors, (c) use with investors of materials that are not designated or otherwise approved for use with end investors, (d) financial professional use only materials with investors, or (e) Authorized Sales Literature in a particular jurisdiction if such Authorized Sales Literature bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares in such jurisdiction (iv) any untrue statement made by Participating Adviser or its representatives or agents or omission to state a fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares (v) any material violation of this Agreement (vi) any failure to comply with applicable laws governing privacy issues, money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including applicable rules of the SEC, FINRA and the Patriot Act or (vii) any other failure to comply with applicable rules of federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Participating Adviser will reimburse the Indemnified Parties for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending such Losses. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that Participating Adviser may otherwise have. 
 (b) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Party under this Section XIV of notice of the commencement of any action, such Indemnified Party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section XIV , notify in writing the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof. The failure of the Indemnified Party to so notify the indemnifying party will relieve the indemnifying party from any liability under this Section XIV as to the particular item for which indemnification is then being sought, but not from any other liability that it may have to any Indemnified Party. In case any such action is brought against any Indemnified Party, and it notifies an indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled, to the extent it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to participate in the defense thereof, with separate counsel. Such participation shall not relieve such indemnifying party of the obligation to reimburse the 

Indemnified Party for reasonable legal and other expenses (subject to Section XIV(c) below) incurred by such Indemnified Party in defending itself, except for such expenses incurred after the indemnifying party has deposited funds sufficient to effect the settlement, with prejudice, of the claim in respect of which indemnity is sought. Any such indemnifying party shall not be liable to any such Indemnified Party on account of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such indemnifying party. Any Indemnified Party shall not be bound to perform or refrain from performing any act pursuant to the terms of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such Indemnified Party. 
 (c) The indemnifying party under this Section XIV of this Agreement shall pay all legal fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party in the defense of such claims or actions provided, however , that the indemnifying party shall not be obligated to pay legal expenses and fees to more than one law firm in connection with the defense of similar claims arising out of the same alleged acts or omissions giving rise to such claims notwithstanding that such actions or claims are alleged or brought by one or more parties against more than one Indemnified Party. If such claims or actions are alleged or brought against more than one Indemnified Party, then the indemnifying party shall only be obligated to reimburse the expenses and fees of the one law firm that has been selected by a majority of the Indemnified Parties against which such action is finally brought and in the event a majority of such Indemnified Parties is unable to agree on which law firm for which expenses or fees will be reimbursable by the indemnifying party, then payment shall be made to the first law firm of record representing an Indemnified Party against the action or claim. Such law firm shall be paid only to the extent of services performed by such law firm and no reimbursement shall be payable to such law firm on account of legal services performed by another law firm. 
 (d) The indemnity agreement contained in this Section XIV shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of Participating Adviser, or any person controlling Participating Adviser or by or on behalf of the Company, the Dealer Manager or any officer or director thereof, or by or on behalf of any person controlling the Company or the Dealer Manager, (ii) delivery of any Shares and payment therefor, and (iii) any termination of this Agreement. A successor of Participating Adviser or of any party to this Agreement, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity agreement contained in this Section XIV . 
 XV. Undertaking to Not Facilitate a Secondary Market in the Shares . 
 Participating Adviser acknowledges that there is no public trading market for the Shares and that there are limits on the ownership, transferability and redemption of the Shares, which significantly limit the liquidity of an investment in the Shares. Participating Adviser also acknowledges that the Company s share repurchase plan (the Plan provides only a limited opportunity for investors to have their Shares purchased by the Company and that the Company s board of directors may, in its sole discretion, amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan at any time in accordance with the terms of the Plan. Participating Adviser hereby agrees that so long as the Company has not listed the Shares on a national securities exchange, Participating Adviser will not engage in any action or transaction that would facilitate or otherwise create the appearance of a secondary market in the Shares without the prior written approval of the Dealer Manager. 
 XVI. Arbitration . 
 Any dispute, controversy or claim arising between the parties relating to this Agreement (whether such dispute arises under any federal, state or local statute or regulation, or at common law), shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration administered in accordance with the then-current commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including the governing law provisions of this Agreement and pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. 1 16)). The parties will request that the arbitrator or arbitration panel Arbitrator issue written findings of fact and conclusions of law. The Arbitrator shall not be empowered to make any award or render any judgment for punitive damages, and the Arbitrator shall be required to follow applicable law in construing this Agreement, making awards, and rendering judgments. The decision of the arbitration panel shall be final and binding, and judgment upon any arbitration award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction. All arbitration hearings will be held in Atlanta, Georgia, or in another mutually agreed upon location. The parties may agree on a single arbitrator, or, if the parties cannot so agree, each party will have the right to choose one arbitrator, and the selected arbitrators will choose a third arbitrator. Each arbitrator must have experience and education that qualify him or her to competently address the specific issues to be designated for arbitration. Notwithstanding the preceding, no party will be prevented from immediately seeking provisional remedies in courts of competent jurisdiction, including but not limited to, temporary restraining orders and preliminary injunctions, but such remedies will not be sought as a means to avoid or stay arbitration. 
 
 XVII. Termination Survival Amendment Entire Agreement . 
 Participating Adviser will immediately suspend or terminate its offer and sale of Shares upon the request of the Company or the Dealer Manager at any time and will resume its offer and sale of Shares hereunder upon subsequent request of the Company or the Dealer Manager. Any party may terminate this Agreement by written 

notice pursuant to Section XX below, which termination notice may be delivered in such party s sole discretion. Such termination shall be effective 48 hours after the mailing of such written notice. This Agreement shall automatically terminate without the requirement for further action by any party to this Agreement upon the termination of the Dealer Manager Agreement. 
 Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, the Dealer Manager shall pay to Participating Adviser all earned but unpaid compensation to which Participating Adviser is or becomes entitled under Section V hereof at such time as such compensation or reimbursement becomes payable. 
 The respective agreements and obligations of Participating Adviser and the Dealer Manager set forth in Sections V , XII through XIV and XVI through XXII of this Agreement and Section 8 of the Dealer Manager Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the payment of any amount to Participating Adviser, Participating Adviser agrees to pay Participating Adviser s proportionate share of any claim, demand or liability asserted against Participating Adviser and the other Participating Distribution Agents (as defined in the Dealer Manager Agreement) on the basis that such Participating Distribution Agents or any of them constitute an association, unincorporated business or other separate entity, including in each case such Participating Distribution Agent s proportionate share of any expenses incurred in defending against any such claim, demand or liability. 
 This Agreement may be amended at any time by the Dealer Manager by written notice to Participating Adviser, and any such amendment, including any amendment to the Dealer Manager Agreement, shall be deemed accepted by Participating Adviser upon placing an order for sale of Shares after it has received such notice. 
 This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, if any, between the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof. 
 XVIII. Use of Company and Invesco Names . 
 Except as expressly provided herein, nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver by the Dealer Manager of any consent that would otherwise be required under this Agreement or applicable law prior to the use of Participating Adviser of the name or identifying marks of the Company, the Dealer Manager, Invesco or Invesco Real Estate (or any combination or derivation thereof). The Dealer Manager reserves the right to withdraw its consent to the use of the Company s name at any time and to request to review any materials generated by Participating Adviser that use the Company s or Invesco s name or mark. Any such consent is expressly subject to the continuation of this Agreement and shall terminate with the termination of this Agreement as provided herein. 
 
 XIX. Assignment Third Party Beneficiary . 
 Participating Adviser shall have no right to assign this Agreement or any of Participating Adviser s rights hereunder or to delegate any of Participating Adviser s obligations. Any purported assignment or delegation by Participating Adviser shall be null and void. The Dealer Manager shall have the right to assign any or all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement by written notice, and Participating Adviser shall be deemed to have consented to such assignment by execution hereof. Dealer Manager shall provide written notice of any such assignment to Participating Adviser. The Company is a third party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement and may enforce its rights, to the extent set forth herein, against any party to this Agreement. 
 XX. Notice . 
 All notices or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given or delivered (i) when delivered personally or by commercial messenger, (ii) on the business day of transmission if sent by email to the email address given below, with written confirmation of receipt, and (iii) one (1) business day following deposit with a recognized overnight courier service, provided such deposit occurs prior to the deadline imposed by such service for overnight delivery, in each case above provided such communication is addressed to the intended recipient thereof as set forth below 

If to the Dealer Manager, to Invesco Distributors, Inc. 11 Greenway Plaza Suite 1000 Houston, Texas 77046-1173 

Attention Veronica Castillo Email Veronica.Castillo invesco.com If to Participating Adviser, to The address specified by Participating Adviser on the signature page hereto. 
 XXI. Attorneys Fees Applicable Law and Venue . 
 In any action to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or to secure damages for its breach, the prevailing party shall recover its costs and reasonable attorney s fees. This Agreement and any disputes relative to the interpretation or enforcement hereto shall be governed by and construed under the internal laws, as opposed to the conflicts of law provisions, of the State of Delaware. Venue for any action brought hereunder (including arbitration) shall lie exclusively in Atlanta, Georgia. 
 XXII. No Partnership . 
 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted to constitute Participating Adviser as an employee, agent or representative of, or in association with or in partnership with, the Dealer Manager, the Company or the other Participating Distribution Agents. Instead, this Agreement shall only constitute Participating Adviser as a dealer authorized by the Dealer Manager to sell the Shares according to the terms set forth in the Memorandum and in this Agreement. 
 Signatures on following pages. 
 
 If the foregoing is in accordance with Participating Adviser s understanding and agreement, please sign and return the attached duplicate of this Agreement. 

Very truly yours, INVESCO DISTRIBUTORS, INC. By Title Date 

We have read the foregoing Agreement and we hereby accept and agree to the terms and conditions therein set forth. 
 1. Identity of Participating Adviser 
 
 Company Name 
 Type of entity 
 Organized in the State of 
 
 Licensed as registered investment adviser in all States Yes ________ No _________ 

If no, list all States licensed as registered investment adviser 
 
 Tax ID # 
 2. Person to receive notices delivered pursuant to the Agreement. 
 Name 
 Company 
 Address 
 City, State and Zip 
 Telephone 
 Fax 
 Email 

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY PARTICIPATING ADVISER (Participating Adviser s Firm Name) By Signature Name Title Date 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 incref093024-exx311ceo.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Hubert J. Crouch, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Intentionally omitted 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 s Hubert J. Crouch 
 Hubert J. Crouch Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 incref093024-exx312cfo.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Courtney Popelka, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Intentionally omitted 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 s Courtney Popelka Courtney Popelka Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 incref093024-exx321ceo.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Hubert J. Crouch, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Hubert J. Crouch 
 Hubert J. Crouch Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 13, 2024 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 incref093024-exx322cfo.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Invesco Commercial Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Courtney Popelka, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Courtney Popelka Courtney Popelka Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) November 13, 2024 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 incref-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 incref-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 incref-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 incref-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 incref-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

