<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241028_10-K-A_edgar_data_1844417_0001213900-24-091250.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>603638</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97753</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>114661</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>207962</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>90635</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>64365</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-091250.hdr.sgml : 20241028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241028170329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-091250
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Estrella Immunopharma, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001844417
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				861314502
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40608
		FILM NUMBER:		241401672

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5858 HORTON STREET, SUITE 370
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(510) 318-9098

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5858 HORTON STREET, SUITE 370
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TradeUP Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-091250.txt : 20241028

10-K/A
 1
 ea0218384-10ka1_estrella.htm
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Amendment No.
1) 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Transition Period from
 to 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of accelerated filer , large accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant
to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price
of 1.01 per share of the Registrant s ordinary shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on July 1, 2024, was . 

The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock
outstanding as of September 20, 2024, was . 

Auditor Name: Auditor Location: Auditor Firm ID: 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 

For the Year Ended June 30, 2024 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART III 

1 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 1 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 11 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 16 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 18 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 20 

PART IV 

21 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 21 

i 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Management and Board of Directors 

Our Board of Directors Board is comprised of six directors.
In addition to the information set forth below regarding our directors and the skills that led our Board to conclude that these individuals
should serve as directors, we also believe that all of our directors have a reputation for integrity, honesty and adherence to the highest
ethical standards. We believe they each have demonstrated business acumen and an ability to exercise sound judgment, as well as a commitment
of service to our Company and to their Board duties. 

The following persons currently serve as Estrella s executive officers
and directors. For biographical information concerning the executive officers and directors, see below. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s)
 Held 
 
 Executive Officers 

Dr. Cheng Liu 
 
 56 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 Peter Xu 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Non-Employee Directors 

Hong Zhang 
 
 54 
 
 Director and Chairperson of the Board 
 
 Dr. Marsha Roberts 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Fan Wu 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 Janelle Wu 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 Pei Xu 
 
 40 
 
 Director 

Executive Officers 

Cheng Liu, PhD, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Dr. Liu serves as Estrella s CEO and President. He is the Founder,
President, and CEO of Eureka. Prior to founding Eureka, Dr. Liu was a Principal Scientist in antibody drug discovery at Chiron (now Novartis). 

With over 20 years of experience in the field, he holds more than 500 patents
and published patent applications of which over 100 patents have issued worldwide and has authored numerous peer-reviewed papers on cancer
immunotherapy. He is the inventor of multiple first-in-class, clinical-stage cancer drugs against various tumor targets, including drugs
targeting CSF1 for the treatment of bone metastasis, BCMA for multiple myeloma, and AFP and GPC3 for liver cancer. In 2007, he was awarded
Special U.S. Congressional Recognition for his contributions to improving human health. 

He is the editor of the book Biosimilars of Monoclonal Antibodies:
A Practical Guide to Manufacturing, Preclinical, and Clinical Development. Dr. Liu received his B.S. in Cell Biology and Genetics
from Peking University and a Ph.D. in Molecular Cell Biology from the University of California, Berkeley. 

Dr. Liu is qualified to serve on Estrella Board because of his experience
in the biopharmaceutical industry and his scientific background. 

Peter Xu, Chief Financial Officer 

Mr. Xu serves as Estrella s Chief Financial Officer of Estrella.
Mr. Xu has 15 years of investment and management experience in capital markets, energy markets, and the food beverage industry. 

Mr. Xu is the founder and CEO of TLC Gourmet Food International LLC, a
role he has held since 2021. He is also the co-founder and CEO of Lake Crystal Energy LLC, which was formed in 2020. In 2017, Mr. Xu founded
LI North Shore Invest LLC, where he invests and manages a portfolio of small businesses. Prior to 2017, he held various investment and
management positions at Millennium Partners, Barclays Capital, and Lehman Brothers. Mr. Xu earned a MS degree in Computer Science from
Northeastern University in Boston. 

1 

Board of Directors 

Together with Dr. Liu, the following individuals comprise Estrella s
board of directors: 

Hong Zhang, Director and Chairperson of the Board 

Ms. Zhang was appointed as a director and chairperson by the Board. She
is a highly accomplished executive with over 25 years of experience in financial and corporate strategy. Most recently, she served as
Vice President at Incinta Medical Group Ltd., where she played a key role in establishing the company s strong financial position
and growth. Before that, Ms. Zhang simultaneously served as the Chairperson at Beijing Ocean Co-stone Capital Investment Management Company,
and as Managing Director at Shenzhen Co-stone Venture Investment Management Company and oversaw fund management, risk control and investment.
Earlier in her career, she held the position of Vice President at UOB Investment (China) Ltd., a private equity company. Ms. Zhang began
her career in the legal division of Shandong High-Tech Investment Corporation Co. Ltd., a venture capital firm, working as a management
counsel. 

Ms. Zhang is qualified to serve on Estrella Board because of her extensive
leadership, management and investment experiences. 

Dr. Marsha Roberts, Director 

Dr. Marsha Roberts is Chief of Staff/Associate Physician-In-Chief of Hospital
Operations at Kaiser Walnut Creek Medical Center. She also serves as Vice President of the Board of Directors for the CAL Alumni Association
(CAA) at the University of California, Berkeley. Dr. Roberts previously served on the Board of Directors for The Permanente Medical Group
(TPMG) from 2021 to 2024. She also served as Chief of Radiology for the Diablo Service Area at Kaiser Permanente for 9 years. Dr. Roberts
has over 20 years experience practicing medicine as a Board-certified Radiologist. Prior to working at Kaiser Permanente, Dr. Roberts
was a partner at Bay Imaging Consultants, where she practiced Interventional and Diagnostic Radiology primarily at John Muir Medical Centers.
Dr. Roberts earned her B.A. in Molecular Biology from the University of California, Berkeley. She went on to earn her medical degree from
Yale University School of Medicine. Dr. Roberts completed her residency training in Diagnostic Radiology at the University of California,
San Diego, where she was Chief Resident. She also completed a Fellowship in Interventional Radiology at the University of California,
San Diego. 

Dr. Roberts is qualified to serve on Estrella Board because of her extensive
board leadership, management and medical experience. 

Fan Wu, Director 

Mr. Wu became a member of Estrella Board upon the Closing. Since 2021,
Mr. Wu has served as the Chief Technology Officer of Column6, an advertising technology platform with a comprehensive set of inventory
and monetization tools for connected television advertising. Prior to joining Column6, Mr. Wu served as the director of engineering at
Acxiom from 2015 to 2021, where he most recently oversaw Real Identity, Acxiom s flagship first party identity solution and winner
of the 2020 MarTech Breakthrough Award. Mr. Wu holds a BS in Biochemistry from Nankai University and an MS in Computer Science from Northeastern
University. 

Mr. Wu is qualified to serve on Estrella Board because of his experiences
in executive management, and technology. 

Janelle Wu, Director 

Ms. Wu became a member of Estrella Board upon the Closing. Since July 2022,
Ms. Wu has served as the Chief Metaverse Officer of MetaWorld Entertainment, a web3 company that provides content and user
experience solutions. From 2017 to 2018, Ms. Wu was an advisor for U Space, a computer vision and machine learning startup. Ms. Wu served
as the CEO and Co-Founder of FeiQuanQiu.com, an online international air-ticketing provider from 2014 to 2017, as CEO and Founder of Xlands.com,
a virtual life social gaming platform from 2007 to 2012, and as Senior Vice President and Technical Director of Netease (NASDAQ: NTES)
from 2000 to 2007. Ms. Wu received her degree in Computer Science Applied Mathematics from The State University of New York at Albany. 

Ms. Wu is qualified to serve on Estrella Board because of her early-stage
company experience and technological background. 

2 

Pei Xu, Director 

Ms. Xu became a member of Estrella Board upon the Closing. Ms. Xu is the
CFO of Zhongchao Inc. (Nasdaq: ZCMD), a provider of healthcare information, education, and training services to healthcare professionals
and the public in China. Ms. Xu has also served as the CFO of Zhongchao Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Zhongchao Shanghai ),
Zhongchao Inc. s Chinese affiliate, since January 2016. From September 2013 to January 2016, Ms. Xu served as the financial director
of Zhongchao Shanghai. From September 2008 to August 2013, Ms. Xu worked for Otsuka (China) Investment Co., Ltd. as a financial director.
Ms. Xu holds a bachelor degree in finance from Jiangxi University of Finance and Economics. 

Ms. Xu is qualified to serve on Estrella Board because of her experience
in financial management. 

Scientific Advisory Board 

Our scientific advisory board is comprised of passionate individuals with
experience as physicians, and backgrounds in deep research and development, and regulatory knowledge in the fields of oncology, pharmacology,
molecular biology, and T-cell cancer immunotherapy. 

Our scientific advisory board advises us with respect to our technology
strategy and to advise us on the research, development, and analysis of our technology. Each member of the scientific advisory board is
a party to a Scientific Advisory Board Agreement (the SAB Agreement ). The SAB Agreement outlines the scientific advisory
board members agreements to devote such member s reasonable best efforts to provide services to us, including attending scientific
advisory board meetings, performing customary duties as a member, like meeting with our employees and consultants, reviewing goals set
by management, advising on achieving such goals, providing advice with respect to our research and product development activities, and
providing consulting services to us upon our request. We compensate each member of the scientific advisory board 20,000 per year for
his or her services under the SAB Agreement. The SAB Agreement contains, among other covenants, customary non-disclosure, non-solicitation,
confidentiality, and intellectual property protections. The SAB Agreement s term is three years and may be terminated at any time
upon 30 days written notice. 

Together with Dr. Liu, the following individuals comprise our scientific
advisory board: 

Stephan Grupp, MD, PhD 

Dr. Grupp is the Director of Cancer Immunotherapy Program and Medical Director
of the Cell and Gene Therapy Laboratory at Children s Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP), and the Yetta Dietch Novotny Endowed Chair
of Pediatric Oncology at CHOP and the Novotny Professor of Pediatrics the University of Pennsylvania. He is also the Section Chief of
the Cellular Therapy and Transplant Section at CHOP. 

Dr. Grupp completed pediatric residency at the Boston Children s
Hospital, followed by a fellowship in Pediatric Hematology/Oncology at the Dana Farber Cancer Institute and postdoctoral work in immunology
at Harvard University. Dr. Grubb then served on the faculty at Harvard University until 1996, when he left to work at CHOP. His primary
area of clinical research is the use of engineered cell therapies in high risk pediatric cancers. His primary area of clinical research
is the use of CAR T and other engineered cell therapies in pediatric cancers and other life-threatening disorders such as sickle cell
disease. 

Dr. Grupp is a reviewer for several journals and the author of over 200
peer- reviewed journal articles, as well as numerous abstracts and book chapters. Dr. Grupp received his M.D. and Ph.D. in Immunology
from the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine. He was elected to the National Academy of Medicine in 2019. 

3 

W. Michael Kavanaugh, MD 

Dr. Kavanaugh is the former Chief Scientific Officer and Head of Research
and Non-Clinical Development of CytomX Therapeutics. He is a licensed physician, board-certified in internal medicine and cardiovascular
disease and serves as Associate Clinical Professor of Medicine at the University of California, San Francisco and on the scientific advisory
boards of several companies, including CytomX Therapeutics, Mantra Bio, Eureka, and Nitrase Therapeutics. 

Prior to CytomX, Dr. Kavanaugh was Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific
Officer of Five Prime Therapeutics. Before Five Prime, Dr. Kavanaugh served as the Vice President of Novartis Vaccines Diagnostics,
Inc. and Executive Director of Oncology Biologics in the Novartis Institutes of Biomedical Research. He joined Novartis as part of the
company s acquisition of the Chiron Corporation in 2006, where he held positions as Vice President and Head of Antibody and Protein
Therapeutics Research. 

Dr. Kavanaugh received his MD from Vanderbilt University and his bachelor s
degree in molecular biochemistry and biophysics from Yale University. He completed training in internal medicine, cardiovascular disease
and molecular and cellular biology at the University of California, San Francisco and the Cardiovascular Research Institute in San Francisco. 

David Scheinberg, MD, PhD 

Dr. Scheinberg is currently Vincent Astor Chair and Chair of the Molecular
Pharmacology and Chemistry Program at Sloan-Kettering Institute and Chair of the Experimental Therapeutics Center at Memorial Sloan Kettering
Cancer Center. 

He is also Professor of Medicine and Pharmacology and Co-chair of the Pharmacology
graduate program at the Weill-Cornell University Medical College and Professor in the Gerstner-Sloan Kettering Graduate School. As a physician-scientist,
Dr. Scheinberg specializes in the care of patients with leukemia. He investigates new therapeutic approaches to cancer, both in the hospital
and in the laboratory. 

The focus of his research is the discovery and development of novel, specific
immunotherapeutic agents. Eight different therapeutic agents developed by Dr. Scheinberg s laboratory have reached human clinical
trials, which include the first humanized antibodies to treat acute leukemia, the first targeted alpha particle therapies and alpha generators,
the first tumor specific fusion oncogene product vaccines, and antibodies to intracellular proteins. 

Dr. Scheinberg has published more than 290 papers, chapters, or books in
these fields. Dr. Scheinberg received his bachelor s degree from Cornell University and his MD and PhD in pharmacology and experimental
therapeutics from the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. 

Randy Schekman, PhD 

Dr. Schekman is a Professor of Cell Biology, Development and Physiology
at the University of California, Berkeley, and an Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. He was awarded the 2013 Nobel Prize
for Physiology or Medicine for his work on cell membrane vesicle trafficking with James E. Rothman and Thomas C. S dhof. 

The discoveries from the Schekman lab has enabled the production of one
third of the world s supply of recombinant human insulin and one hundred percent of the world s supply of recombinant hepatitis
B vaccines. Dr. Schekman studied the enzymology of DNA replication as a graduate student with Arthur Kornberg at Stanford University. 

His current interest in cellular membranes developed during a postdoctoral
period with S. J. Singer at the University of California, San Diego. At Berkeley, he developed a genetic and biochemical approach to the
study of eukaryotic membrane traffic, and Schekman s laboratory investigates the mechanism of membrane protein traffic in the secretory
pathway in eukaryotic cells. 

4 

In addition to Nobel Prize, Dr. Schekman has received numerous honors and
awards, including the Lewis S. Rosenstiel Award in basic biomedical science, the Gairdner International Award, the Amgen Award of the
Protein Society, the Albert Lasker Award in Basic Medical Research and the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize of Columbia University. He is a
member of the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy of Medicine, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American
Philosophical Society, a Foreign Associate of the Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei, a Foreign Associate of the Royal Society of London and
an Honorary Academician of the Academia Sinica. Dr. Schekman received his PhD from Stanford University and his undergraduate degree from
UCLA. 

Gianpietro Dotti, MD 

Dr. Dotti is a research professor of microbiology and immunology at the
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC) and director of the Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center Immunotherapy Program at
UNC. He specializes in hematology and immunology. Since 2000, he has used his background in science and medicine to explore the use of
gene-modified T-cells to treat hematologic malignancies, including lymphoma, leukemia, and solid tumors. His focus is primarily T-cell
therapy that redirects the antigen specificity of T-cells and strategies to overcome tumor inhibitory mechanisms. 

Dr. Dotti received his medical degree from the University of Milan in Italy,
with advanced clinical training and board certification in hematology from the University of Parma and completed a post-doctoral fellowship
in Translational Research at the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy from Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, Texas. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of Estrella s executive
officers or directors. 

Other Roles Held by Management 

Members of Estrella s management team currently hold, and may hold
in the future, positions with other companies while serving on Estrella s management team. Dr. Liu currently serves as Estrella s
CEO and as the CEO of Eureka. As a result, Dr. Liu devotes less than full time to the operation of Estrella s business. Pursuant
to his employment agreement, Dr. Liu is expected to fulfill his duties as Estrella s CEO, but is not required to provide a
specific number of hours to Estrella s business per week or per month. 

Composition of the Estrella Board of Directors 

The Board manages the business and affairs of Estrella, as provided by
Delaware law, and conducts its business through meetings of the Board and its standing committees. The Board consists of six members,
four of whom were designated by Estrella, one of whom was designated by UPTD, and one of whom was appointed by the Board. The primary
responsibilities of the Estrella Board are to provide risk oversight and strategic guidance to Estrella and to counsel and direct Estrella s
management. The Board will meet on a regular basis and will convene additional meetings, as required. 

Consideration of Director Nominees 

General . In evaluating nominees for membership on our Board,
our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee applies the Board membership criteria set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines.
Under these criteria, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee takes into account many factors, including an individual s
business experience and skills (including skills in core areas such as operations, management, technology, relevant industry knowledge
(e.g., research tools, contract research services, therapeutics, drug discovery, reimbursement, medical/surgical), accounting and finance,
regulatory matters and clinical trials, leadership, strategic planning and international markets), independence, judgment, professional
reputation, integrity and ability to represent the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. In addition, the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee will consider the ability of the nominee to commit sufficient time and attention to the activities of the
Board, as well as the absence of any potential conflicts with the Company s interests. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
does not assign specific weights to particular criteria and no particular criterion is necessarily applicable to all prospective nominees.
The Board does not have a formal policy with respect to diversity of nominees. Rather, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
considers these Board membership criteria as a whole and seeks to achieve diversity of occupational and personal backgrounds on the Board.
Our Board will be responsible for selecting candidates for election as directors based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee. 

5 

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee regularly assesses the
appropriate size of our Board, and whether any vacancies on our Board are expected due to retirement or other reasons. In the event that
vacancies are anticipated, or otherwise arise, the Committee will consider various potential nominees who may come to the attention of
the Committee through current Board members, professional search firms, stockholders or other persons. Each potential nominee brought
to the attention of the Committee, regardless of who recommended such potential nominee, is considered on the basis of the criteria set
forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. 

Stockholder Nominees . The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will review candidates
for director recommended by stockholders who satisfy the notice, information and consent provisions set forth in our Bylaws and Rule 14a-19
of the Exchange Act Rule 14a-19 ). The Board will use the same evaluation criteria and process for director nominees recommended
by stockholders as it uses for other director nominees. A stockholder wishing to formally nominate an individual for election to the Board
must do so by following the procedures described in the Bylaws and Rule 14a-19. 

Board of Directors Meetings 

During the year ended June 30, 2024, our board met 2 times, including videoconference
meetings, the audit committee met 1 time, the compensation committee met 0 times and the nominating and corporate governance committee
met 0 times. All directors attended 100 of the aggregate number of meetings of the board and all of the audit committee members attended
100 of the audit committee meetings. 

Director Independence 

As a result of its common stock continuing to be listed on Nasdaq following
consummation of the Business Combination, Estrella adheres to the rules of Nasdaq in determining whether a director is independent. The
Board has consulted with its counsel to ensure that the Board s determinations are consistent with those rules and all relevant
securities and other laws and regulations regarding the independence of directors. The Nasdaq listing standards generally define an independent
director as a person who is not an executive officer or employee, or who does not have a relationship which, in the opinion of
the company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities
as a director. The parties have determined that Dr. Marsha Roberts, Fan Wu, Janelle Wu, and Pei Xu are considered independent directors
of Estrella. Estrella s independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Officer and Director Compensation 

Overview 

The policies of Estrella with respect to the compensation of its executive
officers are administered by Estrella s board in consultation with its compensation committee. The compensation decisions regarding
Estrella s executives are based on Estrella s need to retain those individuals who continue to perform at or above Estrella s
expectations and to attract individuals with the skills necessary for Estrella to achieve its business plan. Estrella intends to be competitive
with other similarly situated companies in its industry. 

Estrella believes that performance-based and equity-based compensation
can be an important component of the total executive compensation package for maximizing shareholder value while, at the same time, attracting,
motivating and retaining high-quality executives. 

6 

Estrella s executive officers receive a combination of cash and
equity compensation. Estrella s compensation committee is charged with performing an annual review of Estrella s executive
officers cash and equity compensation to determine whether they provide adequate incentives and motivation to executive officers
and whether they adequately compensate the executive officers relative to comparable officers in other companies. In addition to the
guidance provided by its nomination and compensation committees, Estrella may utilize the services of third parties from time to time
in connection with the hiring and compensation awarded to executive employees. This could include subscriptions to executive compensation
surveys and other databases or use of a third-party compensation consultant. 

Estrella s non-employee directors are currently entitled to receive
 20,000 in annual compensation for services rendered to Estrella. 

Estrella 2022 Incentive Plan 

Estrella s board of directors adopted, and Estrella s stockholders
approved, the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan on May 27, 2022 and will automatically terminate on the day before
the 10 th anniversary of the earlier of the board of directors or stockholders plan adoption date. As of June
30, 2024, under the 2022 Plan, there were no options to purchase Estrella common stock outstanding (as all options have been early exercised),
and no shares of Estrella common stock remained available for future issuance. 

Awards. The 2022 Plan provides for the grant of stock options, share
appreciation rights SARs ), restricted shares Restricted Shares ), restricted share units RSUs ),
and other share awards to directors, employees, and consultants of Estrella. 

Plan Administration. Estrella s board of directors administers
and interprets the provisions of the 2022 Plan. Estrella s board of directors may delegate any or all its powers under the 2022
Plan to a committee appointed by Estrella s board of directors (to the extent permitted under applicable law and regulations), except
that Estrella s board of directors retains control to amend or terminate the plan and to determine share issuances pursuant to the
terms of the 2022 Plan. Under the 2022 Plan, Estrella s board of directors (or a committee delegated by Estrella s board of
directors) has the authority to construe terms of awards granted under the 2022 Plan and to, among other things, prescribe, amend, and
rescind rules and regulations relating to the 2022 Plan, suspend or terminate the 2022 Plan, determine the terms and provisions of awards
granted under the 2022 Plan, and to make all other determinations in the judgment of the Estrella board of directors necessary or desirable
for the administration of the 2022 Plan. 

Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. All stock options and
SARs are granted with an exercise price per share that is no less than the fair market value (as defined under the 2022 Plan) of Common
Stock on the date of grant of such award, unless granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another stock option or SAR
pursuant to a certain transactions and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and other applicable law. 

Restricted Shares and RSUs. The terms and conditions of Restricted
Share Award Agreements and RSU Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Share
Award Agreements and RSU Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Share Award Agreement or RSU Award Agreement will conform
to (through incorporation of the provisions of the 2022 Plan by reference in the agreement or otherwise) certain customary provisions,
including that Restricted Shares and RSUs may be awarded for past services to Estrella, subject to forfeiture in certain circumstances,
transferable only under certain conditions, and provisions relating to dividends. 

7 

Changes to Capital Structure. If, through or as a result of Estrella s
merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of Estrella s assets, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, or other similar transaction, (i) the outstanding shares of Estrella common stock are
increased, decreased, or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of Estrella, or (ii) additional shares
or new or different or other securities of Estrella or other noncash assets are distributed with respect to such shares of Estrella common
stock or other securities, an appropriate and proportionate adjustment shall be made in (x) the maximum number and kind of shares reserved
for issuance under the 2022 Plan, (y) the number and kind of shares or other securities subject to any then outstanding stock options,
and (z) the price for each share or other security subject to any then outstanding stock options, so that upon exercise of such stock
options, in lieu of the share of Estrella common stock for which such options were then exercisable, the relevant optionee shall be entitled
to receive, for the same aggregate consideration, the same total number and kind of shares or other securities, cash or property that
the owner of an equal number of outstanding shares of Estrella common stock immediately prior to the event requiring adjustment would
own as a result of the event. 

Corporate Transactions. If Estrella is merged with or into or consolidated
with another entity under circumstances where Estrella stockholders immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not own after
such merger or consolidation shares representing at least fifty percent (50 of the voting power of Estrella or the surviving or resulting
company, as the case may be, or if shares representing fifty percent (50 or more of the voting power of Estrella are transferred to
an unrelated third party, as hereinafter defined, or if Estrella is liquidated, or sells or otherwise disposes of all or substantially
all of its assets (each such transaction is referred to as a change in control transaction ), Estrella s board of directors,
or the board of directors of any company assuming the obligations of Estrella, may, in its discretion, take any one or more of the following
actions, as to some or all outstanding stock options or restricted stock awards (and need not take the same action as to each such option
or restricted stock award): (i) provide that such stock options shall be assumed, or equivalent stock options will be substituted, by
the acquiring or succeeding company (or an affiliate thereof), (ii) arrange for the assignment of any repurchase rights held by Estrella
to the surviving company, (iii) accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of an Award to a date prior to the effective time of such
change in control transaction, (iv) arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any repurchase rights held by Estrella with respect
to an Award, (v) cancel or arrange for the cancellation of Awards, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time
of the change in control transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration, if any, as the Estrella board of directors, in its sole
discretion, may consider appropriate, or (vi) make a payment, in such form as determined by the Estrella board of directors, equal to
the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the holder of the Award would have received upon the exercise of the Award immediately
prior to the effective time of the change in control transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with
such exercise. For clarity, this payment may be zero 0) if the value of the Award is equal to or less than the exercise price. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Estrella has an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating
and corporate governance committee. In addition, from time to time, special committees may be established under the direction of the Board
when necessary to address specific issues. Copies of each board committee s charter are posted on Estrella s website. Estrella s
website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, such website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference
in, and are not considered part of, this Annual Report. The composition and responsibilities of each of the committees of the Board are
described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by the Estrella Board. 

Audit Committee 

Estrella s audit committee consists of Pei Xu, Fan Wu and Dr. Marsha
Roberts. The parties have determined that each member of the audit committee satisfies the independence requirements under the Nasdaq
Listing Rules and Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. The chair of the audit committee is Pei Xu. The parties have determined that Pei
Xu is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations. Each member of the audit committee can
read and understand fundamental financial statements in accordance with applicable listing standards. In arriving at these determinations,
the parties have examined each audit committee member s scope of experience and the nature of his or her employment. The primary
purpose of the audit committee is to discharge the responsibilities of the Board with respect to corporate accounting and financial reporting
processes, systems of internal control, and financial statement audits, and to oversee our independent registered public accounting firm.
Specific responsibilities of the audit committee include: 

helping the Board oversee the corporate accounting and financial reporting processes; 

managing and/or assessing the selection, engagement, qualifications, independence, and performance of a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit Estrella s consolidated financial statements; 

8 

discussing the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm, and reviewing, with management and the independent accountants, Estrella s interim and year-end operating results; 

developing procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about questionable accounting or audit matters; 

reviewing related party transactions; 

reviewing Estrella s policies on risk assessment and risk management; 

reviewing, with the independent registered public accounting firm, Estrella s internal quality control procedures, any material issues with such procedures and any steps taken to deal with such issues; and 

pre-approving audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. 

Estrella s audit committee operates under a written charter that
satisfies the applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

Compensation Committee 

Estrella s compensation committee consists of Dr. Marsha Roberts,
Fan Wu and Janelle Wu. The chair of the compensation committee is Janelle Wu. The parties have determined that each member of the compensation
committee satisfies the independence requirements under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, and is a non-employee director as defined
in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The primary purpose of Estrella s compensation committee is to discharge the responsibilities
of the Board in overseeing Estrella s compensation policies, plans, and programs and to review and determine the compensation to
be paid to Estrella s executive officers, directors, and other senior management, as appropriate. Specific responsibilities of the
compensation committee include: 

reviewing and recommending to the Board the compensation of executive officers; 

reviewing and recommending to the Board the compensation of directors; 

administering Estrella s equity incentive plans and other benefit programs; 

reviewing, adopting, amending, and terminating incentive compensation and equity plans, severance agreements, profit sharing plans, bonus plans, change-of-control protections, and any other compensatory arrangements for Estrella s executive officers and other senior management; and 

reviewing and establishing general policies relating to compensation and benefits of Estrella s employees, including Estrella s overall compensation philosophy. 

Estrella s compensation committee operates under a written charter
that satisfies the applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

9 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Estrella s nominating and corporate governance committee consists
of Dr. Marsha Roberts, Fan Wu and Janelle Wu. The chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee is Dr. Marsha Roberts. The
parties have determined that each member of the nominating and corporate governance committee satisfies the independence requirements
under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

Specific responsibilities of Estrella s nominating and corporate
governance committee include: 

identifying and evaluating candidates, including the nomination of incumbent directors for reelection and nominees recommended by stockholders, to serve on the Board; 

considering and making recommendations to the Board regarding the composition and chairpersonship of the Estrella Board and committees of the Board; 

reviewing developments in corporate governance practices; 

developing and making recommendations to the Board regarding corporate governance guidelines and matters; and 

overseeing periodic evaluations of the Board performance, including committees of the Estrella Board. 

Estrella s nominating and corporate governance committee operates
under a written charter that satisfies the applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Estrella adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, or the Code of
Conduct, that applies to all directors, officers, and employees, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Conduct for Estrella applies to all directors,
officers, and employees of Estrella and is available on Estrella s website at www.estrellabio.com . In addition, Estrella
intends to post on its website all disclosures that are required by law or the Nasdaq Listing Rules concerning any amendments to, or waivers
from, any provision of the Code of Conduct. The reference to Estrella s website address does not constitute incorporation by reference
of the information contained at or available through the website, and you should not consider it to be a part of this Annual Report. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of the members or intended members of the compensation committee is
currently, or has been at any time, one of our executive officers or employees. None of our executive officers currently serves, or has
served during the last calendar year, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more
executive officers serving as a member of our board of directors or compensation committee. 

Corporate Governance Guidelines 

Our board of directors adopted corporate governance guidelines in accordance
with the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq that serve as a flexible framework within which our board of directors and its committees
operate. These guidelines cover a number of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications, director responsibilities,
board agenda, roles of the chair of the board, principal executive officer and presiding director, meetings of independent directors,
committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director communications with third
parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior management and management succession
planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is posted on our website. 

10 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires
our officers, directors, and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our equity securities to timely file certain reports regarding ownership
of and transactions in our securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of the required filings must also be furnished
to us. Section 16(a) compliance was required during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. To our knowledge, during the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2024, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were
complied with. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Introduction 

As an emerging growth company, Estrella has opted to comply with the executive
compensation disclosure rules applicable to smaller reporting companies, as such term is defined in the rules promulgated
under the Securities Act. This section discusses the material components of the executive compensation program for Estrella s named
executive officers NEOs for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, including its Chief Executive Officer Dr. Cheng Liu,
Chief Financial Officer Peter Xu, and former Chief Operating Officer Vicky Yang. These NEOs were the only Estrella s executive officers
serving in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 with compensation in excess of 100,000. 

This discussion may contain forward-looking statements that are based on
current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation programs. Actual compensation programs that
Estrella adopts could vary significantly from historical practices and currently planned programs summarized in this discussion. 

Estrella Executive Compensation Program 

The objective of Estrella s compensation program is to provide a
total compensation package to its executives, including its NEOs, that will enable Estrella to attract, motivate and retain outstanding
individuals, align the interests of our executive team with those of our shareholders, encourage individual and collective contributions
to the successful execution of our short- and long-term business strategies and reward our executives for performance. The board of directors
of Estrella has historically determined the compensation for Mr. Liu and Mr. Xu. 

The compensation program for Dr. Liu for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2024 consisted of base salary and a discretionary cash bonus, as described below. 

Base Salary. Dr. Liu is paid a base salary commensurate with his skill set, experience, performance, role and responsibilities. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, Dr. Liu s annual salary was 250,000. 

Short-Term Cash Incentives. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, Estrella did not pay Dr. Liu a discretionary cash bonus. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, Estrella did not grant any short-term cash bonuses to Dr. Liu pursuant to any non-equity incentive plan. Under the amended offer letter between Estrella and Dr. Liu, Estrella paid Dr. Liu a one-time cash bonus of 180,000 in recognition for services rendered, within 90 days of September 1, 2023. 

Short-Term Equity Incentives. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, Estrella did not grant any short-term equity incentive awards to Dr. Liu. 

Long-Term Equity Incentives. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, Estrella did not grant any long-term equity incentive awards to Dr. Liu. 

11 

The compensation program for Mr. Xu for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2024 consisted of base salary and a discretionary cash bonus, as described below. 

Base Salary. Mr. Xu is paid a base salary commensurate with his skill set, experience, performance, role and responsibilities. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, Mr. Xu s annual salary was 250,000. 

Short-Term Cash Incentives. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, Estrella did not pay Mr. Xu a discretionary cash bonus. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, Estrella did not grant any short-term cash bonuses to Mr. Xu pursuant to any non-equity incentive plan. Under the amended employment agreement by and between Estrella and Mr. Xu, Estrella paid Mr. Xu a one-time cash bonus of 180,000 in recognition for services rendered, within 90 days of September 1, 2023. 

Short-Term Equity Incentives. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, Estrella did not grant any short-term equity incentive awards to Mr. Xu. 

Long-Term Equity Incentives. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, Estrella did not grant any long-term equity incentive awards to Mr. Xu. 

The compensation program for Ms. Yang for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2024 consisted of base salary and a discretionary cash bonus, as described below. 

Base Salary. Ms. Yang was not paid a base salary, as she resigned from her position of Chief Operating Officer of Estrella on September 29, 2023 and no longer serves as the Chief Operating Officer of Estrella. 

Short-Term Cash Incentives. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, Estrella did not pay Ms. Yang a discretionary cash bonus. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, Estrella did not grant any short-term cash bonuses to Ms. Yang pursuant to any non-equity incentive plan. Under the amended employment agreement by and between Estrella and Ms. Yang, Estrella paid Ms. Yang a one-time cash bonus of 100,000 in recognition for services rendered, within 90 days of September 1, 2023. 

Short-Term Equity Incentives. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, Estrella did not grant any short-term equity incentive awards to Ms. Yang. 

Long-Term Equity Incentives. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, Estrella did not grant any long-term equity incentive awards to Ms. Yang. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table presents all of the compensation awarded to, earned
by or paid to the NEOs for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023. Additional information on our NEO s annual compensation
for the years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 is provided in the narrative sections following the Summary Compensation Table. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Dr. Cheng Liu 
 2024 
 250,000 
 180,000 

Chief Executive Officer and President 
 2023 

Peter Xu 
 2024 
 250,000 
 180,000 

Chief Financial Officer 
 2023 

Vicky Yang (1) 
 2024 
 
 100,000 

Former Chief Operating Officer 
 2023 

(1) 
 Ms. Yang resigned from her position of Chief Operating Officer of Estrella on September 29, 2023. 

12 

Narrative Disclosure to the Summary Compensation Table 

Base Salaries 

Base salaries established for our executive officers are intended to reflect
each individual s responsibilities, experience, historical performance and other discretionary factors deemed relevant by us and
have generally been set at levels deemed necessary to attract and retain individuals with superior talent. Starting on September 29, 2023,
Dr. Liu and Mr. Xu were entitled to base salaries equal to 250,000 per year. 

Annual Cash Bonuses 

As part of our pay-for-performance philosophy, Estrella believes annual
cash incentive awards can be used to motivate and reward employees. We intend to adopt a formal bonus plan in which certain of our employees,
including the named executive officers, will be eligible to participate going forward but have not done so as of the date of this Annual
Report . For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, no named executive officer received any form of cash bonus. 

Prior to Closing, Estrella entered into an amended offer letter with Dr.
Liu and amended employment agreements with Mr. Xu and Ms. Yang, effective September 1, 2023. The amendments provide that within 90 days
of September 1, 2023, and in recognition for services rendered, the named executive officers shall be paid a one-time cash bonus of 180,000
each for Dr. Liu and Mr. Xu and 100,000 for Ms. Yang. 

Equity Incentive Compensation 

Equity incentive compensation is used to promote performance-based pay
that aligns the interests of our executive officers with the long-term interests of Estrella s equity-owners and to enhance executive
retention. 

Estrella historically maintained the 2022 Plan. Prior to the Closing, all
the outstanding incentive equity compensation outstanding was awarded to the 2022 Plan. Historically, Estrella has used options as an
incentive for long-term compensation to our executive officers because options allow our executive officers to realize value from this
form of equity compensation only if the value of the underlying shares of Estrella common stock increases relative to the option s
per-share exercise price. 

All Estrella 2022 Plan option awards that were outstanding as of immediately
prior to the Closing, including those that were converted to restricted stock awards prior to Closing, vested in full in connection therewith. 

Employment Arrangements 

Agreement with Dr. Cheng Liu and Estrella 

On September 29, 2023, Estrella entered into a new employment agreement
with Dr. Liu superseding his July 29, 2022 offer letter with Estrella and setting forth the terms of his employment as Estrella s
Chief Executive Officer and President (the Liu Employment Agreement ). The Liu Employment Agreement provides for at
will employment and an indefinite term, as well as a base salary of 250,000 per annum effective as of September 29, 2023, an annual
cash bonus opportunity based on a percentage of base salary, an annual incentive equity award opportunity and the opportunity to participate
in any future Estrella employee benefit plans. 

In the event Dr. Liu s employment is terminated by the Company without
cause or by Dr. Liu for good reason (each as defined under the Liu Employment Agreement), in exchange for Dr. Liu s execution and
nonrevocation of a general release of claims in favor of Estrella, Dr. Liu will receive (A) six months base salary continuation
and (B) any unpaid annual bonus relating to the fiscal year immediately preceding the year in which the separation occurs. 

13 

In the event that Dr. Liu s employment is terminated by the Company
without cause or by Dr. Liu for good reason in the 60 days prior to a change in control or the twelve months following a change in control,
Dr. Liu will receive (A) twelve months base salary in a lump sum, (b) any unpaid annual bonus relating to the fiscal year immediately
preceding the year in which the separation occurs, (C) a lump-sum payment equal to Dr. Liu s target annual bonus opportunity or,
if higher, Dr. Liu s actual annual bonus for the fiscal year of Dr. Liu s termination, and (D) acceleration of all outstanding
unvested equity awards (with performance-based awards vesting at target) on the separation date, subject to the terms of the underlying
award agreements. The Liu Employment Agreement also contains a during-employment non-solicitation covenant and during-employment and post-termination
non-disclosure and non-disparagement covenants. 

Agreement with Peter Xu and Estrella 

On September 29, 2023, Estrella entered into a new employment agreement
with Mr. Xu superseding his May 27, 2022 employment agreement with Estrella and setting forth the terms of his employment as Estrella s
Chief Financial Officer (the Xu Employment Agreement ). The Xu Employment Agreement contains the same material compensation
terms as the Liu Employment Agreement, summarized above under Agreement with Dr. Cheng Liu and Estrella . 

Other Compensation Elements 

All of Estrella s current named executive officers will be eligible
to participate in any employee benefit plans, including medical, dental, vision, disability, and life insurance plans, in each case on
the same basis as all of Estrella s other employees, if such plans are adopted. Estrella generally does not provide perquisites
or personal benefits to its named executive officers. Estrella has not maintained, and does not currently maintain, a defined benefit
pension plan or nonqualified deferred compensation plan. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at End of Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2024 

The following table shows information regarding outstanding equity awards
held by the named executive officers as of June 30, 2024. 

Name 
 Grant Date 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested (#) (1)(2) 
 Market value of shares or units of stock that have not vested ) (1)(3) 
 
 Dr. Cheng Liu 
 5/27/2022 
 5/27/2032 
 3,937,500 
 11,025,000 
 
 Peter Xu 
 5/27/2022 
 5/27/2032 
 3,500,000 
 9,800,000 
 
 Vicky Yang 
 5/27/2022 
 5/27/2032 
 2,625,000 
 7,350,000 

(1) 
 On May 27, 2022, each of Dr. Liu, Mr. Xu, and Ms. Yang early exercised the stock options granted to them, converting the option awards into restricted stock awards, subject to the same vesting conditions. 

(2) 
 For Dr. Liu s award, 25 of the award cliff-vested on the first anniversary of May 27, 2022, with the remaining 75 of the award vesting monthly in substantially equal installments over the 36 months following such anniversary. For Mr. Xu and Ms. Yang, 100 of the award vests monthly in substantially equal installments over 48 months, commencing on June 27, 2022. The named executive officer s outstanding awards vested in full in connection with the Closing. 

(3) 
 The amount in this column reflects a closing price of 1.10 per share of Common Stock as of July 1, 2024 multiplied by the amount shown in the column for the number of shares of Common Stock that had not yet vested as of June 30, 2024. 

14 

Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 

Dr. Liu and Mr. Xu are entitled to certain severance payments, as described
under Employment Arrangements above. Pursuant to their stock option award agreements, in connection with a change in control
transaction of Estrella, a going public transaction or an initial public offering, the stock options (now, restricted shares) held by
each of the named executive officers would fully vest and become exercisable. 

Director Compensation 

Estrella s non-employee directors are entitled to receive 5,000
compensation per calendar quarter for services rendered to Estrella effective January 1, 2024 and a one-time signing bonus of 5,000 for
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. The Chairperson and the Audit Chair was appointed in August 2024 after the fiscal year ended June
30, 2024. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Hong Zhang 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dr. Marsha Roberts 
 10,000 
 - 
 5,000 
 15,000 
 
 Fan Wu 
 10,000 
 - 
 5,000 
 15,000 
 
 Janelle Wu 
 10,000 
 - 
 5,000 
 15,000 
 
 Pei Xu 
 10,000 
 - 
 5,000 
 15,000 

40,000 
 - 
 20,000 
 60,000 

Controlled Company 

We are, and expect to continue to be, a controlled company within the meaning
of the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules, and as a result, we qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. We do not
intend to rely on those exemptions. However, we cannot guarantee that this may not change going forward. 

Public companies that qualify as a controlled company with
securities listed on the Nasdaq, must comply with the exchange s continued listing standards to maintain their listings. Nasdaq
has adopted qualitative listing standards. Companies that do not comply with these corporate governance requirements may lose their listing
status. Under the Nasdaq rules, a controlled company is a company with more than 50 of its voting power held by a single
person, entity or group. Under Nasdaq rules, a controlled company is exempt from certain corporate governance requirements, including: 

the requirement that a majority of the Board of Directors consist of independent directors; 

the requirement that a listed company have a nominating and governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; 

the requirement that a listed company have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

the requirement for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and governance committee and compensation committee. 

Controlled companies must still comply with the exchange s other
corporate governance standards. These include having an audit committee and the special meetings of independent or non-management directors. 

15 

Currently, Eureka Therapeutics, Inc. Eureka ), our controlling
shareholder, beneficially owns roughly 69.5 of our total issued and outstanding Common Stock and roughly 69.5 of the total voting power.
As a result, we will continue to be a controlled company as defined under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5615(c), because our Controlling
Shareholder will hold more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors. As a controlled company, we are permitted
to elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements. We do not plan to rely on these exemptions, but we may elect to
do so after we complete this offering. 

Clawback Policy 

We have adopted a compensation recovery policy (the Company s Clawback
Policy), which was effective October 2, 2023, that is compliant with the Nasdaq Listing Rules, as required by the Dodd-Frank Act. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

In connection with our Business Combination, the Estrella Board and shareholders
adopted the 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan ). Awards under the Incentive Plan are available for employees,
directors and consultants. The general purpose of the Incentive Plan is to motivate the performance in the achievement of the Company s
business objectives and align the interests of recipients with the long-term interests of the Company s shareholders. To accomplish
such purposes, the Incentive Plan provides that the Company may grant (i) options, (ii) stock appreciation rights, (iii) restricted shares,
(iv) restricted stock units, (v) performance-based awards (including performance-based restricted shares and restricted stock units),
(vi) other share-based awards, (vii) other cash-based awards or (viii) any combination of the foregoing. 

The following table summarizes the number of shares of Common Stock authorized
for issuance under our equity compensation plans as of June 30, 2024. 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted -average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuances under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Plan Category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 0 (2) 
 0 
 3,520,123 (3) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 0 
 - 
 3,520,123 

(1) 
 The amounts shown in this row include the Incentive Plan. 

(2) 
 No shares of Common Stock were issued under the Incentive Plan. 

(3) 
 Includes 3,520,123 shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance under the Incentive Plan. 

16 

Securities Beneficial Ownership Table 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership
of Common Stock by: 

each person known by Estrella to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Common Stock immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination; 

each of the named executive officers and directors of Estrella; and 

all of the executive officers and directors of Estrella as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations
of the SEC. A person is a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power , which
includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of the security, or investment power , which includes the power to dispose
of or to direct the disposition of the security, or has the right to acquire such powers within 60 days. Unless otherwise indicated, Estrella
believes that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the voting securities beneficially
owned by them. 

The beneficial ownership of the Common Stock is based on 36,610,870 shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2024: 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares 

Directors and Executive Officers (2) 

Dr. Cheng Liu 
 297,437 

Peter Xu 
 264,388 

Dr. Marsha Roberts 

Fan Wu 

Janelle Wu 

Pei Xu 

Hong Zhang (3) 
 240,481 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (7 Individuals) 
 802,306 
 2.2 

5 Stockholders (4) 

Eureka Therapeutics, Inc. 
 25,277,831 
 69.7 

Represents beneficial ownership
of less than 1 . 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business
address of each of the individuals and entities listed in the table above is c/o Estrella Immunopharma, Inc., 5858 Horton Street, Suite
370, Emeryville, CA 94608. 

(2) Dr. Cheng Liu is the chief executive
officer and director of Estrella. Peter Xu is the chief financial officer of Estrella. Dr. Marsha Roberts is a director of Estrella.
Fan Wu is a director of Estrella. Janelle Wu is a director of Estrella. Pei Xu is a director of Estrella. Hong Zhang is the chairperson
of the Board. 

(3) Based on a Form 3 filed on August
23, 2024, by Hong Zhang. These securities are held by CoFame Investment Holding LLC, the manager of which is Hong Zhang. By virtue of
this relationship, Hong Zhang may be deemed to beneficially own the 240,481 shares of Common Stock. 

(4) Eureka Therapeutics, Inc. Eureka is governed by a board of directors consisting of seven members. Each member has one vote, and the approval of a majority of the board
is required to approve an action of Eureka. Under the so-called rule of three, if voting and dispositive decisions regarding
an entity s securities are made by three or more individuals, and a voting or dispositive decision requires the approval of a majority
of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s securities. Based upon the foregoing
analysis, no director of Eureka exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by Eureka, even those in which
he or she directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such
shares. The business address of Eureka is 5858 Horton Street, Suite 370, Emeryville, CA 94608. 

17 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Other than the compensation agreements and other arrangements described
under Estrella s Executive and Director Compensation in this Annual Report and the transactions between Estrella and
Eureka described below, since June 30, 2023, there has not been and there is not currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar
transactions to which we were, or will be, a party in which the amount involved exceeded, or will exceed, the lesser of (i) 120,000 or
(ii) one percent of the average of our total assets for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any director, executive officer,
holder of five percent or more of any class of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of, or entities affiliated with,
any of the foregoing persons, had, or will have, a direct or indirect material interest. 

Eureka owns 69.7 of Estrella s voting securities on a fully diluted
basis as of June 30, 2024. Dr. Cheng Liu, Estrella s CEO and President, is also the Founder, President, and CEO of Eureka. 

Transactions involving Eureka Therapeutics, Inc. 

License Agreement 

On June 28, 2022, Estrella entered into a License Agreement with Eureka
and Eureka Cayman (the Contribution Agreement ). Under the License Agreement, Eureka is responsible for manufacturing and
supplying clinical quantities of licensed products. Estrella was required to make an upfront payment of 1,000,000, payable in 12 equal
monthly installments, along with milestone payments tied to development and sales and royalty payments on net sales. 

As of June 30, 2024, Estrella had paid all amounts related to the upfront
payment, and one milestone payment of 50,000 was accrued for the submission of EB103 to the FDA. This payment was made on October 10,
2023, leaving no balance outstanding as of June 30, 2024. 

Services Agreement 

On June 28, 2022, Estrella entered into a Services Agreement with Eureka,
covering the provision of certain technology transfer and technical assistance services. Estrella agreed to pay 10,000,000 in 12 equal
monthly installments and to reimburse pass-through costs related to clinical trials. 

As of June 30, 2024, Estrella had settled all amounts owed under this agreement,
including 54,957 in pass-through costs incurred for the year ended June 30, 2024. On October 10, 2023, Estrella paid a total of 9,334,475
to Eureka, for outstanding service fees and pass-through costs. 

18 

Statement of Work (SOW) 

On March 4, 2024, Estrella entered into a Statement of Work No. 001 (the
 SOW with Eureka for clinical trial services related to the Phase I/II trial of EB103. Under the SOW, Estrella agreed to
milestone-based payments, totaling 33,000,000, excluding pass-through costs. 

As of June 30, 2024, Estrella paid 3,500,000 in connection with the achievement
of specific milestones. Additional payments will be made based on patient dosing milestones. It is expected that 6 patients will be dosed
by the end of 2024. 

Series AA Preferred Stock 

On June 28, 2022, Eureka contributed assets to Estrella in exchange for
105,000,000 shares of Estrella s Series AA Preferred Stock. As of June 30, 2024, Eureka owned 69.7 of Estrella on a fully diluted
basis. 

Lease Agreement 

Estrella leases office space from Eureka. The original lease term ended
on July 31, 2023, and a new lease commenced on October 1, 2023 for a period of 9 months with monthly lease payments of 2,000. 

For the year ended June 30, 2024, Estrella incurred 20,000 in rent expense.
As of June 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of lease payments amounted to 4,000, recorded as an accrued liability. 

Policies for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Since its inception through the closing of the Business Combination on
September 29, 2023, Estrella had not adopted a formal policy for the review, approval, or ratification of related party transactions.
On September 29, 2023, in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, our board of directors adopted a Related Party Transactions
Policy. The policy sets forth procedures for the review, approval, or ratification of transactions involving a related person 
as defined under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. 

The policy applies to any transaction, arrangement, or relationship involving
Estrella in which the amount exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of Estrella s total assets at year-end
for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Exclusions
from the Policy include standard compensation arrangements for directors and executive officers, transactions conducted in the ordinary
course of business on standard terms, and transactions where the related person s interest arises solely from ownership of Estrella s
equity securities on a pro rata basis with all other stockholders. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (the Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing, approving, or ratifying related party transactions. In its review, the Audit Committee considers whether
the transaction terms are fair and comparable to those available in similar arm s-length transactions, the extent of the related
person s interest, potential impacts on the related person s independence, consistency with Estrella s Code of Business
Ethics and Conduct, and the overall benefit to the Company and its stockholders. The Policy requires that related party transactions be
reviewed by the Audit Committee prior to consummation whenever feasible, or ratified as promptly as possible if prior review is not practicable.
The Policy is documented in writing and provides a clear framework for managing related party transactions. 

Since the adoption of the Policy, the Audit Committee has reviewed and
approved the SOW with Eureka for clinical trial services related to the STARLIGHT-1 trial. Prior to September 29, 2023, Estrella did not
have any procedures for related party transactions, and such transactions were not subject to formal review, approval, or ratification.
Other than the Statement of Work, none of the other related party transactions reported herein were subject to the policy or any similar
procedures for related party transactions, since they were made pursuant to agreements entered into prior to September 29, 2023. 

Director Independence 

The information contained under the heading Director Independence 
in Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance is incorporated by reference herein. 

19 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The Company appointed Macias Gini O Connell, LLP MGO as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024, effective as of January
30, 2024 to audit and review the Company s financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2024. 

The Company, at the direction of the Board of Directors of the Company
(the Board ), and upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board, dismissed its independent registered public
accountant Marcum LLP Marcum ), effective as of January 30, 2024. Marcum was initially engaged on November 3, 2022 by Estrella
Biopharma, Inc., the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary and accounting predecessor following the consummation of the business combination
between Estrella Biopharma, Inc., Tradeup Merger Sub Inc. and TradeUP Acquisition Corp. on September 29, 2023, to serve as Estrella s
auditor for its fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 

Audit services provided by MGO for the year ended June 30, 2024 included
the examination of the consolidated financial statements of the Company, and services related to periodic filing made with the SEC. Audit
services provided by Marcum for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 included the examination of the consolidated financial statements
of the Company, and services related to periodic filings made with the SEC. 

The following table summarizes the audit fees of MGO for the year ended
June 30, 2024 and the audit fees of Marcum for the year ended June 30, 2023, billed/expected to be billed in each of the last two fiscal
years for audit fees and other services: 

Fee Category 
 For the year ended June 30, 2024 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023 

(in thousands) 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 70 
 149 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 70 
 149 

(1) Audit fees were for professional
services rendered by MGO and Marcum for the audit of our annual financial statements, and services that are normally provided by MGO
and Marcum in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for that fiscal year 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures 

Estrella s audit committee was formed in connection with the consummation
of the Business Combination on September 29, 2023. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by the Company s board of directors.
Since the formation of its audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all audit services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed for it by its auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
 exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion
of the audit). 

20 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The following documents have been filed as part of this Amendment: 

Consolidated Financial Statements: No financial
statements are filed with this Amendment. The financial statements were included in Item 8 of Part II of the Original Form 10-K. 

Financial Statement Schedules: None. 

Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the Exhibit
Index attached to this report are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Amendment. 

(b) The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of
this Amendment. 

21 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 30, 2022, by and among TradeUP Acquisition Corp., Tradeup Merger Sub Inc. and Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 3, 2022, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 9 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on July 9, 2021, File No. 333-253322) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 9 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on July 9, 2021, File No. 333-253322) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.4 below) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, between TradeUP Acquisition Corp. and VStock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2021, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated July 25, 2022, issued by TradeUP Acquisition Corp. to Running Lion Holdings Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 27, 2022, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated July 25, 2022, issued by TradeUP Acquisition Corp. to Tradeup INC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 27, 2022, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Contribution Agreement, dated June 28, 2022, by and between Eureka Therapeutics, Inc. and Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registration statement on Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on July 7, 2023 (File No. 333-267918) 
 
 10.4 
 
 License Agreement, dated June 28, 2022, by and among Eureka Therapeutics, Inc., Eureka Therapeutics (Cayman) Ltd. and Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registration statement on Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on July 7, 2023 (File No. 333-267918) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Services Agreement, dated June 28, 2022, by and between Eureka Therapeutics, Inc. and Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registration statement on Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on July 7, 2023 (File No. 333-267918) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Collaboration Agreement, dated October 29, 2021, by and between Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. (as successor to Eureka Therapeutics, Inc.) and Imugene Limited incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registration statement on Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on July 7, 2023 (File No. 333-267918) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amendment to Executive Offer Letter, by and between Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. and Dr. Cheng Liu incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, by and between Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. and Jiandong (Peter) Xu incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023 
 
 10.9 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, by and between Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. and Qian (Vicky) Yang incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023 
 
 10.10 
 
 Support Agreement, dated September 30, 2022, by and among TradeUP Acquisition Corp., Estrella Immunopharma, Inc., TradeUP Acquisition Sponsor LLC, Tradeup INC. and the officers and directors of TradeUP Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 3, 2022, File No. 001-40608) 

22 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 10.11 
 
 Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Annex C to the registration statement on Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on July 7, 2023 (File No. 333-267918) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. Option Grant Notice, including 2022 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the registration statement on Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on July 7, 2023 (File No. 333-267918) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, among TradeUP Acquisition Corp., US Tiger Securities, Inc. EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, and R. F. Lafferty Co., Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2021, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, among TradeUP Acquisition Corp., TradeUP Acquisition Sponsor LLC and certain security holders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2021, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Services Agreement, effective October 1, 2022, by and between Eureka Therapeutics, Inc. and Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the registration statement on Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on July 7, 2023 (File No. 333-267918) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to License Agreement, effective October 1, 2022, by and between Eureka Therapeutics, Inc. and Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the registration statement on Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on July 7, 2023 (File No. 333-267918) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 19, 2023, issued by TradeUP Acquisition Corp. to TradeUP Acquisition Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 24, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Extension Promissory Note, dated January 19, 2023, issued by TradeUP Acquisition Corp. to Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 24, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Extension Promissory Note, dated February 19, 2023, issued by TradeUP Acquisition Corp. to Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Extension Promissory Note, dated March 17, 2023, issued by TradeUP Acquisition Corp. to Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Extension Promissory Note, dated April 12, 2023, issued by TradeUP Acquisition Corp. to Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2023, by and between TradeUP Acquisition Corp. and White Lion Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 24, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2023, by and between TradeUP Acquisition Corp. and White Lion Capital LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 24, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Amendment to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2023, by and between TradeUP Acquisition Corp. and White Lion Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 26, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Extension Promissory Note, dated May 19, 2023, issued by TradeUP Acquisition Corp. to Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 19, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 

23 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 10.26 
 
 Promissory Note, dated June 6, 2023, issued by TradeUP Acquisition Corp. to Tradeup INC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Services Agreement, effective March 1, 2023, by and between Eureka Therapeutics, Inc. and Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the registration statement on Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on July 7, 2023 (File No. 333-267918) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to License Agreement, effective March 1, 2023, by and between Eureka Therapeutics, Inc. and Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the registration statement on Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on July 7, 2023 (File No. 333-267918) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Extension Promissory Note, dated June 16, 2023, issued by TradeUP Acquisition Corp. to Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 20, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Subscription Agreement dated September 14, 2023 by and among TradeUP Acquisition Corp. and Plentiful Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 20, 2023) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Subscription Agreement dated September 14, 2023 by and among TradeUP Acquisition Corp. and Lianhe World Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 20, 2023) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Joinder to the Estrella Series A Purchase Agreement by and between Estrella Biopharma, Inc. and Lianhe World Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Joinder to the Estrella Series A Purchase Agreement by and between Estrella Biopharma, Inc. and CoFame Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Joinder to the Estrella Series A Purchase Agreement by and between Estrella Biopharma, Inc. and US Tiger Securities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Joinder to the Estrella Series A Purchase Agreement by and between Estrella Biopharma, Inc. and Smart Crest International Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Joinder to the Estrella Series A Purchase Agreement by and between Estrella Biopharma, Inc. and Yangbing Xiao (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Joinder to the Estrella Series A Purchase Agreement by and between Estrella Biopharma, Inc. and Yuandong Wang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Stock Transfer Agreement by and among Cheng Liu, Jiandong (Peter) Xu and Qian (Vicky) Yang, Yuandong Wang and Estrella Biopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023) 
 
 10.39 
 
 Stock Transfer Agreement by and among Cheng Liu, Jiandong (Peter) Xu and Qian (Vicky) Yang, Yangbing Xiao and Estrella Biopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023) 
 
 10.40 
 
 Stock Transfer Agreement by and among Cheng Liu, Jiandong (Peter) Xu and Qian (Vicky) Yang, Smart Crest International Limited and Estrella Biopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023) 
 
 10.41 
 
 Unsecured Promissory Note by and between Hongbin Zhang and Estrella Biopharma Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023) 
 
 10.42 
 
 Employment agreement by and between Dr. Cheng Liu and Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023) 
 
 10.43 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Peter Xu and Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023) 
 
 10.44 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2023, by and between TradeUP Acquisition Corp. and White Lion Capital LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 24, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 

24 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 10.45 
 
 Amendment to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2023, by and between TradeUP Acquisition Corp. and White Lion Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 26, 2023, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.46 
 
 Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, among the TradeUP Acquisition Corp., TradeUP Acquisition Sponsor LLC and Tradeup INC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2021) 
 
 10.47 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, between the TradeUP Acquisition Corp. and TradeUP Acquisition Sponsor LLC dated February 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 9, 2021 File No. 333-253322) 
 
 10.48 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, between the TradeUP Acquisition Corp. and Tradeup INC. dated February 12, 2021(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 9, 2021 File No. 333-253322) 
 
 10.49 
 
 Form of Share Purchase Agreement between the TradeUP Acquisition Corp. and the founders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021 File No. 333-253322) 
 
 10.50 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 14, 2021, among the TradeUP Acquisition Corp., TradeUP Acquisition Sponsor LLC, Tradeup INC. and certain security holders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2021 File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.51 
 
 Statement of Work No. 001, dated and effective as of March 4, 2024, by and among Estrella Biopharma, Inc., Eureka Therapeutics, Inc and Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on 8-K filed with the SEC on March 7, 2024, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 10.52 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Statement of Work No. 001, dated May 13, 2024 and effective as of March 4, 2024, by and among Estrella Biopharma, Inc., Eureka Therapeutics, Inc. and Estrella Immunopharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on 8-K filed with the SEC on May 13, 2024, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from Marcum LLP, dated February 1, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 2, 2024, File No. 001-40608) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.3 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.4 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 97.1 
 
 Clawback Policy. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Annexes, schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted attachment to the Securities and Exchange Commission on a confidential basis upon request. 

Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted because the registrant has determined that the information is both not material and is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

Previously filed with the Original Form 10-K 

Filed herewith. 

25 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ESTRELLA IMMUNOPHARMA INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Cheng Liu 

Cheng Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 October 28, 2024 

26 

<EX-31.3>
 2
 ea021838401ex31-3_estrella.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.3 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Cheng Liu, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Estrella Immunopharma, Inc.; and 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

Date: October 28, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Cheng Liu 

Cheng Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 3
 ea021838401ex31-4_estrella.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.4 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Peter Xu, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Estrella Immunopharma, Inc.; and 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

Date: October 28, 2024 
 By: 
 / s/ Peter Xu 

Peter Xu 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 esla-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 esla-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 esla-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 esla-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

