<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1556739_0001556739-24-000055.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7895409</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>127556</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1451055</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2739498</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1872421</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1551441</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001556739-24-000055.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107073240
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001556739-24-000055
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Thryv Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001556739
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				132740040
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35895
		FILM NUMBER:		241433199

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 WEST AIRFIELD DRIVE
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 619810
		CITY:			D/FW AIRPORT
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75261
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-453-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 WEST AIRFIELD DRIVE
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 619810
		CITY:			D/FW AIRPORT
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75261

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DEX MEDIA, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130430

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEWDEX, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120822

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001556739-24-000055.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 thry-20240930.htm
 10-Q

thry-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13 (a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). 
 Yes No x 
 
 As of November 5, 2024, there w er e shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 

THRYV HOLDINGS, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 44 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 45 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 45 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 45 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 46 
 Signatures 
 47 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Such statements are provided under the safe harbor protection of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include, without limitation, statements concerning the conditions of our industry and our operations, performance, and financial condition, including, in particular, statements relating to our business, growth strategies, product development efforts, and future expenses. Forward-looking statement s include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts and generally can be identified by words such as anticipates, intends, plans, seeks, believes, could, estimates, expects, likely, may, and similar references to future periods, or by the inclusion of forecasts or projections. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we make regarding the outlook for our future business and financial performance, such as those contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy, and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. As a result, our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, we caution you against relying on forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include regional, national, or global political, economic, business, competitive, market, and regulatory conditions and the following: 
 
 significant competition for our Marketing Services solutions and Software as a Service ("SaaS") offerings, including from companies that use components of our SaaS offerings provided by third parties; 
 our ability to maintain profitability; 
 our ability to manage our growth effectively; 
 our ability to upgrade our Marketing Services clients to our Thryv platform, sell our platform into new markets or further penetrate existing markets; 
 our ability to maintain our strategic relationships with third-party service providers; 
 internet search engines and portals potentially terminating or materially altering their agreements with us; 
 our ability to keep pace with rapid technological changes and evolving industry standards; 
 our small to medium-sized businesses SMBs clients potentially opting not to renew their agreements with us or renewing at lower spend; 
 potential system interruptions or failures, including cyber-security breaches, identity theft, data loss, unauthorized access to data or other disruptions that could compromise our information; 
 our potential failure to identify suitable acquisition candidates and consummate such acquisitions; 
 our ability to complete acquisitions and the successful integration of such acquisitions, including our recently completed acquisition of Infusion Software, Inc. d/b/a Keap Keap and the acquisition of Keap, the Keap Acquisition ), and any failure of an acquired business to achieve its plans and objectives or realize any expected benefit from any such acquisition; 
 the potential loss of one or more key employees or our inability to attract and to retain highly skilled employees; 
 our ability to maintain the compatibility of our Thryv platform with third-party applications; 
 our ability to successfully expand our operations and current offerings into new markets, including internationally, or further penetrate existing markets; 
 our potential failure to provide new or enhanced functionality and features; 
 our potential failure to comply with applicable privacy, security and data laws, regulations and standards; 
 potential changes in regulations governing privacy concerns and laws or other domestic or foreign data protection regulations; 
 our potential failure to meet service level commitments under our client contracts; 
 our potential failure to offer high-quality or technical support services; 
 our Thryv platform and add-ons potentially failing to perform properly; 
 our use of artificial intelligence in our business, and challenges with properly managing its use, could result in reputational harm, competitive harm, and legal liability; 
 the potential impact of future labor negotiations; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, proprietary technology, information, processes, and know-how; 
 rising inflation and our ability to control costs, including operating expenses; 
 general macro-economic conditions, including a recession or an economic slowdown in the U.S. or internationally; 
 adverse tax laws or regulations or potential changes to existing tax laws or regulations; 
 costs, liabilities and reputational harm resulting from regulatory investigations, including the subpoena from the Division of Enforcement of the SEC; 
 volatility and weakness in bank and capital markets; and 
 1 

costs, obligations and liabilities incurred as a result of and in connection with being a public company. 
 
 For additional information regarding known material factors that could cause the Company s actual results to differ from its projected results, see Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 2023 Form 10-K ), as supplemented by the disclosure in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements contained in this report, which speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by applicable law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements publicly after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the terms our Company , we , us , our , Company and Thryv refer to Thryv Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 

2 

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

I tem 1. Financial Statements 

Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (in thousands, except share and per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of services Gross profit Operating expenses: Sales and marketing General and administrative Impairment charges Total operating expenses Operating (loss) income ) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest expense, related party ) ) Other components of net periodic pension cost ) ) ) ) Other income (expense) ) ) ) (Loss) before income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net (loss) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive (loss) ) ) ) ) Net (loss) per common share: Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) Weighted-average shares used in computing basic and diluted net (loss) per common share: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 (in thousands, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets (unaudited) Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance of in 2024 and in 2023 
 Contract assets, net of allowance of in 2024 and in 2023 
 Taxes receivable Prepaid expenses Deferred costs Other current assets Total current assets Fixed assets and capitalized software, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of unrecognized tax benefits Contract liabilities Current portion of Term Loan Current portion of Term Loan, related party Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Term Loan, net Term Loan, net, related party ABL Facility Pension obligations, net Other liabilities Total long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 13) par value, shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024; and shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock - shares at September 30, 2024 and shares at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Treasury Stock (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Shares Amount Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Issuance of shares related to stock-based compensation ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax Net (loss) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Treasury Stock (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Shares Amount Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Issuance of shares related to stock-based compensation ) ) Exercise of stock warrants Stock-based compensation expense Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Net (loss) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Shares Amount Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) Issuance of shares related to stock-based compensation ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax Net (loss) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Shares Amount Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Issuance of shares related to stock-based compensation ) ) Exercise of stock warrants Stock-based compensation expense Settlement of indemnification asset ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Net (loss) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities (unaudited) (unaudited) Net (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred commissions Amortization of debt issuance costs Deferred income taxes ) Provision for credit losses and service credits Stock-based compensation expense Other components of net periodic pension cost Impairment charges Loss on foreign currency exchange rates Non-cash loss from the remeasurement of the indemnification asset Loss on early extinguishment of debt Other ) Changes in working capital items, excluding acquisitions: Accounts receivable Contract assets ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Additions to fixed assets and capitalized software ) ) Acquisition of a business, net of cash acquired ) Other ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from Term Loan Proceeds from Term Loan, related party Payments of Term Loan ) ) Payments of Term Loan, related party ) Proceeds from ABL Facility Payments of ABL Facility ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Purchase of treasury stock ) Proceeds from exercise of stock warrants Other Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) (Decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental Information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net Non-cash investing and financing activities Repurchase of Treasury stock as a result of the settlement of the indemnification asset 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Thryv Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

Note 1 
 
 reportable segments. Comparative prior periods have been recast to reflect the current presentation. 
 
 The Company reports its results based on reportable segments (see Note 15, Segment Information) : 
 
 Thryv Marketing Services, which includes the Company's Print and Digital solutions business; and 
 Thryv SaaS, which includes the Company's SaaS flagship all-in-one small business management modular software platform. 

8 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 The Company describes its significant accounting policies in Note 1 to the financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no changes to the Company's significant accounting policies during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Restricted cash, included in Other current assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

9 

Note 2 
 
 million in cash (net of million of cash acquired), subject to certain adjustments (the Yellow Acquisition ). The Yellow Acquisition expanded the Company's market share with a broader geographical footprint and provided the Company with an increase in our clients. Yellow is a provider of marketing solutions serving SMBs in New Zealand. Control was obtained by means of acquiring all the voting interests. The assets acquired consisted primarily of million in current assets and million in fixed and intangible assets, consisting primarily of customer relationships, trade name, and technology assets, along with million in goodwill. The Company also assumed liabilities of million, consisting primarily of accrued, contract, and deferred liabilities. 
 
 The Company accounted for the Yellow Acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 . This requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are measured at fair value. With the assistance of a third-party valuation firm, the Company determined, using Level 3 inputs (see Note 4, Fair Value Measurements ), the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, including fixed assets and intangible assets by applying the income approach and the cost approach. Specific to intangible assets, client relationships were valued using a combination of the income and excess earnings approach, whereas trade names were valued using a relief of royalty method and assumptions related to Yellow's assets acquired and liabilities assumed . The fair values of existing technologies were computed using a relief of royalty approach, similar to the trade name valuation. 
 
 Fixed and intangible assets Other assets Current liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Goodwill Fair value allocated to net assets acquired 
 
 The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired and the liabilities assumed was allocated to goodwill. The recognized goodwill of million was primarily related to the benefits expected from the acquisition and was allocated to the Thryv Marketing Services segment. The goodwill recognized is not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 10 

Note 3 

. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized revenue of million and million, respectively, that was recorded in Contract liabilities as of December 31, 2023 million and million, respectively, that was recorded in Contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022. 

Note 4 

11 

shares held in escrow, subject to certain contract limitations (the indemnification asset ). 
 
 On June 22, 2023, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the sellers regarding the settlement of the indemnification asset. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, the Company and the sellers agreed (i) that the sellers would pay and indemnify the Company for million of indemnified taxes (the Indemnity Amount and (ii) that the Indemnity Amount would be deemed satisfied by the transfer of outstanding shares of the Company s common stock from the sellers back to the Company, which were returned to treasury and reduced the number of outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. Furthermore, the sellers would be entitled to retain currently outstanding shares of the Company s common stock that previously secured the sellers' tax indemnity obligations under the YP Acquisition agreement. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company no longer recorded a Level 1 indemnification asset because it was settled on June 22, 2023. A loss of million from the change in fair value of the Company s Level 1 indemnification asset during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was recorded in General and administrative expense on the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss). The million Indemnity Amount, which was the fair value of the shares returned to treasury, was recorded in Treasury stock on the Company's consolidated balance sheets, along with the shares that the Company received from the sellers, as of September 30, 2023 . 
 
 Benefit Plan Assets 
 
 The fair value of benefit plan assets is measured and recorded on the Company's consolidated balance sheets using Level 2 inputs. See Note 9, Pensions . 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 The Company considers the carrying amounts of cash, trade receivables, and accounts payable to approximate fair value because of the relatively short period of time between the origination of these instruments and their expected realization or payment. 
 
 Additionally, the Company considers the carrying amounts of its New ABL Facility and Prior ABL Facility (each as defined in Note 8, Debt Obligations and financing obligations to approximate their respective fair values due to their short-term nature and approximation of interest rates to market rates. These fair value measurements are considered Level 2. See Note 8, Debt Obligations . 
 
 The New Term Loan and Prior Term Loan (each as defined in Note 8, Debt Obligations are carried at amortized cost; however, the Company estimates the fair value of the New Term Loan and Prior Term Loan for disclosure purposes. The fair values of the New Term Loan and Prior Term Loan are determined based on quoted prices that are observable in the marketplace and are classified as Level 2 measurements. See Note 8, Debt Obligations . 
 Prior Term Loan, net 
 12 

Note 5 
 
 million during the third quarter 2024, reducing the goodwill in its Thryv Marketing Services reporting unit to . No goodwill impairment charge was recorded on the Company's other reporting unit during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 The Company engaged a third-party valuation firm to assist it in the development of the assumptions and the Company s determination of the fair value of its reporting units for this interim impairment test. The estimated fair value of the Company s Marketing Services reporting unit was below its carrying value, including goodwill. The historical secular decline in industry demand for Print services, the historical trending decline in the Company s Marketing Services client base, continued competition in the consumer search and display space and the projected decline in cash flows from an estimated conversion of certain clients from digital Marketing Services solutions to SaaS solutions impacted the assumptions used to estimate the discounted future cash flows of the Company s Marketing Services reporting unit for purposes of performing the goodwill impairment test. 
 
 The fair value of the Company's SaaS reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying value. 
 
 Yellow Acquisition (1) 
 Impairments ) ) Effects of foreign currency translation Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 Impairments ) ) Effects of foreign currency translation ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

13 

to reporting units. Accordingly, the Company assessed its goodwill for impairment under a reporting unit structure prior to the assessment. Upon completion of this assessment, the Company determined that no impairment existed. Subsequent to this review and after allocating goodwill to the new reporting units based on relative fair value, the Company reassessed goodwill for impairment at the new reporting unit level (i.e., the Marketing Services and SaaS reporting units). Based upon each of these assessments, the Company determined no impairment existed for either of the Company's reporting units. 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 ) Trademarks and domain names ) Covenants not to compete ) Total intangible assets ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Gross Accumulated Amortization Net Weighted Average Remaining Amortization Period in Years Client relationships ) Trademarks and domain names ) Covenants not to compete ) Total intangible assets ) 
 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively . Amortization expense for intangible assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 
 As a result of the goodwill impairment noted above, the Company performed impairment tests during the third quarter of 2024 on its intangible assets and other long-lived assets within the Marketing Services reporting unit. Based on the Company s analysis, the carrying values of the Company s definite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets were determined to be recoverable, and no impairment was recognized. Accordingly, no impairment charges were recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024. 
 
 14 

Note 6 
 
 Additions (1) 
 Deductions (2) 
 ) ) Balance as of September 30 (3) 

(1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded a provision for credit losses of million and million, respectively, which is included in General and administrative expense in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss). For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded a provision for credit losses of million a nd million, respectively, which is included in General and administrative expense in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss). 
 
 (2) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the deductions represent amounts written off as uncollectible, net of recoveries. 
 
 million of the allowance is attributable to Accounts receivable and less than million is attributable to Contract assets. million of the allowance is attributable to Accounts receivable and less than million is attributable to Contract assets. 

Note 7 
 
 Accrued expenses Accrued taxes Accrued service credits Accrued liabilities 
 
 15 

Note 8 
 
 Prior Term Loan March 1, 2026 SOFR + New ABL Facility May 1, 2028 SOFR + - 
 Prior ABL Facility March 1, 2026 SOFR + Unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt obligations Current portion of New Term Loan/Prior Term Loan ) ) Total long-term debt obligations 
 
 Term Loan 
 
 On May 1, 2024, the Company entered into a new Term Loan Credit Agreement (the New Term Loan ), the proceeds of which were used to refinance and pay off in full the Company s previous term loan facility (the Prior Term Loan and to pay fees and expenses related to the refinancing. 
 
 The New Term Loan established a senior secured term loan facility (the New Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to million, of which was held by a related party who was an equity holder of the Company as of May 1, 2024. The Company defines a related party as any shareholder owning more than of the Company's voting securities. As of September 30, 2024, of the New Term Loan was held by a related party who was an equity holder of the Company as of that date. 
 
 The New Term Loan Facility matures on May 1, 2029 and borrowings under the New Term Loan Facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, SOFR or base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin per annum equal to (i) (for SOFR loans) and (ii) (for base rate loans). The New Term Loan Facility requires mandatory amortization payments, paid quarterly commencing June 30, 2024, equal to (i) million per year for the first following the closing date of the New Term Loan, and (ii) million per year thereafter. 
 
 The New Term Loan, which was incurred by Thryv, Inc., the Company s operating subsidiary, is secured by all the assets of Thryv, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries and the Company, and is guaranteed by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. 
 
 The net proceeds from the New Term Loan of million (net of original issue discount costs of million and third-party fees of million) were used to repay the remaining million outstanding principal balance of the Prior Term Loan, accrued interest of million, and third-party fees of million. The Company accounted for this transaction as a modification for lenders that were party to both the Prior Term Loan and New Term Loan. The debt of the new lenders that were party to the New Term Loan are new issuances, while the other lenders that were party to only the Prior Term Loan were accounted for as an extinguishment. 
 
 Accordingly, total third-party fees paid were million, of which million was immediately charged to General and administrative expense on the Company's consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive (loss). The remaining third-party fees of million were deferred as debt issuance costs and will be amortized to interest expense, over the term of the New Term Loan, using the effective interest method. Additionally, there were unamortized debt issuance costs which includes third-party fees and original issue discount costs of million on the Prior Term Loan, of which million was written off and recorded as a loss on early extinguishment of debt on the Company's consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive (loss). The remaining unamortized debt issuance costs of million were deferred as debt issuance costs and will be amortized to interest expense, over the term of the New Term Loan, using the effective interest method. 
 
 16 

million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Accrued interest is included in Other current liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Term Loan Covenants 
 
 The New Term Loan Facility contains certain covenants that, subject to exceptions, limit or restrict the Company s ability to, among others, incur additional indebtedness, guarantees and liens; make investments, loans and advances; dispose of assets and make sale-leaseback transactions; enter into swap agreements; make payments of dividends and other distributions; make payments in respect of certain indebtedness; enter into certain affiliate transactions and restrictive amendments to certain agreements; change its lines of business; amend certain material documents; consummate certain mergers, consolidations and liquidations; and use the proceeds of the term loans. 
 
 Additionally, the Company is required to maintain compliance with (a) a maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio , calculated as the ratio of Consolidated Total Net Indebtedness to Consolidated EBITDA (in each case, as defined in the New Term Loan, which shall not be to 1.0 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter and (b) a minimum SaaS Revenue (as defined in the New Term Loan), which shall not be less than the quarterly thresholds set forth in the New Term Loan Agreement as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with its New Term Loan covenants. The Company also expects to be in compliance with these covenants for the next twelve months. 
 
 ABL Facility 
 
 On May 1, 2024, the Company entered into a new Credit Agreement (the ABL Credit Agreement ), which established a new million asset-based revolving loan facility (the New ABL Facility ). The New ABL Facility refinanced the Company s previous asset-based revolving loan facility (the Prior ABL Facility ). Proceeds of the New ABL Facility may be used by the Company for ongoing general corporate purposes and working capital. 
 
 The New ABL Facility matures on May 1, 2028 and borrowings under the New ABL Facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, SOFR or base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin per annum, depending on the average excess availability under the New ABL Facility, equal to (i) to (for SOFR loans) and (ii) to (for base rate loans). The fee for undrawn commitments under the New ABL Facility is equal to per annum. 
 
 The Company accounted for this transaction as an extinguishment of the Prior ABL Facility. Total third-party fees and lender fees of million associated with the New ABL Facility, were deferred as debt issuance costs and will be amortized as interest expense, over the term of the New ABL Facility. Additionally, the unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the Prior ABL Facility of million , were written off and recorded as a loss on early extinguishment of debt on the Company's consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive (loss). 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had debt issuance costs with a remaining balance of million and million, respectively. These debt issuance costs are included in Other assets on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had borrowing base availability of million . As a result of certain restrictions in the Company's debt agreements, as of September 30, 2024, approximately million was available to be drawn upon under the New ABL Facility. 
 
 ABL Facility Covenants 
 
 The ABL Credit Agreement contains certain covenants that, subject to exceptions, limit or restrict the Company s ability to, among others, incur additional indebtedness, guarantees and liens; make investments, loans and advances; dispose of assets and make sale-leaseback transactions; enter into swap agreements; make payments of dividends and other distributions; make payments in respect of certain indebtedness; enter into certain affiliate transactions and restrictive amendments to certain agreements; change its lines of business; amend certain material documents; consummate certain mergers, consolidations and liquidations; and use the proceeds of the revolving loans. 
 
 Additionally, the Company is required to maintain compliance with (a) a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio , calculated as the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA minus unfinanced capital expenditures to Fixed Charges (in each case, as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement), which shall not be less than to 1.0 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter and 
 17 

million at all times. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with its ABL Credit Agreement covenants. The Company also expects to be in compliance with these covenants for the next twelve months. 

Note 9 
 
 Expected return on assets ) ) ) ) Settlement (gain) ) Remeasurement (gain) ) ) Net periodic pension cost 
 
 Since all pension plans are frozen and no employees accrue future pension benefits under any of the pension plans, the rate of compensation increase assumption is no longer needed. The Company determines the weighted-average discount rate by applying a yield curve comprised of the yields on several hundred high-quality, fixed income corporate bonds available on the measurement date to expected future benefit cash flows. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a settlement gain of less than 0.1 million and million, respectively, and as a result of an interim actuarial valuation due to the settlement of one of the Company's pension plans, the Company recognized a remeasurement gain of less than 0.1 million and million, respectively . 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made contributions to the qualified plans and contributions and associated payments of million and million to the non-qualified plans. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company made cash contributions to the qualified plans, and contributions and associated payments of million and million to the non-qualified plans. 
 
 For the fiscal year 2024, the Company expects to contribute approximately million to the qualified plans and approximately million to the non-qualified plans. 
 
 18 

Note 10 
 
 Sales and marketing General and administrative Stock-based compensation expense 
 
 PSUs Stock options ESPP Stock-based compensation expense 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested balance as of September 30, 2024 

The Company grants RSUs to the Company's employees and non-employee directors under the Company s 2020 Incentive Award Plan (the 2020 Plan ). Pursuant to the RSU award agreements, each RSU entitles the recipient to share of the Company s common stock, subject to time-based vesting conditions set forth in individual agreements. 
 
 The fair value of each RSU grant is determined based upon the market closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The RSUs vest over the requisite service period, which ranges between and from the date of grant, subject to the continued employment of the employees and services of the non-employee board members. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the unvested portion of the Company's RSU awards was approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to employees and non-employee directors upon the vesting of RSUs previously granted under the 2020 Plan. 
 
 19 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested balance as of September 30, 2024 

The Company also grants PSUs to employees under the Company s 2020 Plan. Pursuant to the PSU Award Agreement, each PSU entitles the recipient to up to shares of the Company s common stock, subject to certain performance measures set forth in individual agreements. 
 
 The PSUs will vest, if at all, following the achievement of certain performance measures over a performance period, relative to certain performance and market conditions. The grant date fair value of PSUs that vest relative to a performance condition is measured based upon the market closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant and expensed on a straight-line basis when it becomes probable that the performance conditions will be satisfied, net of forfeitures, over the service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of . The grant date fair value of PSUs that vest relative to a market condition is measured using a Monte Carlo simulation model and expensed on a straight-line basis, net of forfeitures, over the service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of . As of September 30, 2024, the nonvested balance of PSUs that vest based on performance and market conditions are and sh ares, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the unvested portion of the Company's PSU awards was approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the unvested portion of the Company's stock options was less than million, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of less than years . As of September 30, 2024, there were stock options expected to vest with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of . 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to employees upon the exercise of options previously granted under the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan and 2020 Plan at exercise prices ranging from to per share. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to employees upon the exercise of options previously granted under the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan and 2020 Plan at exercise prices ranging from to per share. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares through the Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company issued shares through the ESPP. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 On April 30, 2024, the Board authorized a new share repurchase program (the Share Repurchase Program ), under which the Company may repurchase up to million in shares of common stock through April 30, 2029. The repurchase program will be subject to market conditions, the periodic capital needs of the Company s operating activities, and the continued satisfaction of all covenants under the Company s New Term Loan and ABL Credit Agreement. The Share 
 20 

shares of its outstanding common stock. The total purchase price of this transaction was approximately million. The acquired shares were recorded as Treasury stock upon repurchase. 

Note 11 ) ) ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding during the period Basic net (loss) per share ) ) ) ) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Diluted net (loss) per share: Net (loss) ) ) ) ) Weighted-average basic shares outstanding during the period Plus: Common stock equivalents associated with stock-based compensation Weighted-average diluted shares outstanding Diluted net (loss) per share ) ) ) ) 
 Outstanding PSUs Outstanding ESPP shares Outstanding stock warrants 

Note 12 
 
 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company's ETR differs from the U.S. Federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to permanent differences, including state taxes, non-deductible executive compensation, non-U.S. taxing jurisdictions, tax credits, change in valuation allowance due to expiring net operating losses, and the discrete impact of interest accrual on uncertain tax positions, goodwill impairment as further discussed in Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , and the debt refinance further discussed in Note 8, Debt Obligations . 
 
 21 

million and million, respectively, excluding interest and penalties, that if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, recorded for interest on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The Company engages in continuous discussions and negotiations with tax authorities regarding tax matters in various jurisdictions. The Company expects to complete resolution of certain tax years with various tax authorities within the next 12 months. The Company believes it is reasonably possible that its existing gross unrecognized tax benefits may be reduced by up to million within the next 12 months, affecting the Company s ETR if realized. See Note 13, Contingent Liabilities. 
 
 Risks Related to Taxes and Tariffs 
 
 The international tax environment remains highly uncertain and increasingly complex as evidenced by initiatives put forth by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD ), which includes the introduction of a global minimum tax at a rate of 15 under the OECD s Pillar Two rules. We continue to monitor these proposals closely and, if enacted by various countries in which we do business, they may increase our taxes in the applicable jurisdictions or cause us to change the way we operate our business and result in increased taxation of our international earnings. As of the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Pillar Two legislation enacted by countries in which Thryv operates is not expected to materially impact the Company s taxes in 2024. 

Note 13 
 
 petitions (in the names of various related partners) in U.S. Tax Court, and the IRS filed answers to those petitions. The cases were consolidated by the court and were referred back to IRS Administrative Appeals for settlement negotiations, during which time the litigation was suspended. Several appeals c onferences for YP have been held. The Company and the IRS also reached an agreement regarding additional research and development tax credits for the tax years at issue whereby the IRS will allow more tax credits than were originally claimed on the tax returns. With respect to the tax year from July to 
 22 

million and million, respectively, in connection with the Section 199 disallowance and less than million related to the research and development tax credit disallowance. See Note 4, Fair Value Measurements, for a discussion of the Company's former indemnification asset related to these matters . 
 
 On May 22, 2023, the Company received a draft Appeals Settlement document Draft Settlement from the IRS relating to the IRC Section 199 tax case. Once finalized, the Draft Settlement will result in a decrease in the unrecognized tax benefit recorded for this tax position. During the year ended December 31, 2023 , the Company recorded a measurement adjustment to the uncertain tax position liability to account for the new information received from the Draft Settlement. The Company is in continued discussion with the IRS regarding the finalization of this case and final tax impact that will result. As of September 30, 2024, the final settlement has not been issued by the IRS. Accordingly, the Company does not consider the matter effectively settled. 

Note 14 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax expense of million and million, respectively 
 ) Ending balance at September 30, 
 ) ) 

Note 15 
 operating segments, which are also its reportable segments: (1) Thryv Marketing Services and (2) Thryv SaaS. Comparative prior periods have been recast to reflect the current presentation. 
 The Company does not allocate assets to its segments and the CODM does not evaluate performance or allocate resources based on segment asset data, and therefore, such information is not presented. 
 
 Segment Gross Profit Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 23 

Segment Gross Profit Segment Adjusted EBITDA ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands) Thryv Marketing Services Thryv SaaS Total Revenue Segment Gross Profit Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Thryv Marketing Services Thryv SaaS Total Revenue Segment Gross Profit Segment Adjusted EBITDA) ) ) ) Interest expense Depreciation and amortization expense Stock-based compensation expense Restructuring and integration expenses Transaction costs (1) 
 Other components of net periodic pension cost Loss on early extinguishment of debt Non-cash loss from remeasurement of indemnification asset Impairment charges Other ) ) Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 (1) Consists of expenses related to the Keap Acquisition during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the Yellow Acquisition during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 24 

Digital Total Thryv Marketing Services Thryv SaaS Revenue 
 Revenue by geography is based on the location of the customer. The following table sets forth the Company's disaggregation of Revenue based on geographic region for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 United States International Revenue 
 Thryv Australia's revenue attributed to the International region was approximately and of total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. No other individual country from the International region contributed more than 10 of total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Note 16 
 
 million of cash, subject to adjustment. Keap was founded in 2001 and operates a SaaS e-mail marketing and sales platform for small businesses, including products to manage customers, customer relationship management, marketing and e-commerce. 
 
 To finance the purchase price, the Company closed an underwritten public offering of shares of common stock, generating proceeds before expenses of million and borrowed million under its New ABL Facility. 
 
 As a result of limited access to the information required to prepare the initial accounting, the initial accounting for the Keap acquisition is incomplete and we are unable to provide the amounts that will be recognized at the acquisition date for the major classes of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, pre-existing contingencies, goodwill or other intangible assets at the time of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 25 

I tem 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations as of, and for, the periods presented and should be read in conjunction with our unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding industry outlook, our expectations for the future of our business, and our liquidity and capital resources as well as other non-historical statements. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risks and uncertainties described in Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K, elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, particularly Part II, Item 1A. "Risk Factors," and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are dedicated to supporting local, independent businesses and franchises by providing innovative marketing solutions and cloud-based tools to the entrepreneurs who run them. We are one of the largest providers of SaaS end-to-end customer experience tools and digital marketing solutions Digital to small-to-medium sized businesses SMBs ). Our solutions enable our SMB clients to generate new business leads, manage their customer relationships and run their day-to-day business operations. We serve approximately 300,000 SMB clients globally through two business segments: Thryv Marketing Services and Thryv SaaS. 
 
 Our Thryv Marketing Services segment pro vides both print and digital solutions and generated 92.8 million and 116.5 million of consolidated revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 398.4 million and 491.1 million of consolidated revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our Marketing Services offerings include our owned and operated Print Yellow Pages Print ), which carry the The Real Yellow Pages tagline, our proprietary Internet Yellow Pages, known by the Yellowpages.com, Superpages.com, and Dexknows.com URLs, search engine marketing solutions and other digital media solutions, which include online display advertising, online presence, and search engine optimization tools. Our Thryv Marketing Services segment includes Thryv Australia Pty Ltd Thryv Australia ), and Yellow Holdings Limited Yellow ), a New Zealand marketing services company, which we acquired on April 3, 2023 for 8.9 million in cash (the Yellow Acquisition , subject to certain adjustments . Thryv Australia and Yellow serve approximately 81,000 and 16,000 Marketing Services SMBs, respectively, many of which we believe are ideal candidates for the Thryv platform. 
 
 Our Thryv SaaS segment generated 87.1 million and 67.4 million of consolidated revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and 239.2 million and 189.7 million of consolidated revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . Our primary SaaS offerings are comprised of Thryv , our flagship all-in-one small business management platform Thryv Platform ), which includes Command Center, Business Center, Marketing Center, ThryvPay SM , and Thryv Add-Ons. Thryv Command Center enables SMBs to centralize all their internal and external communications through a modular, easily expandable, and customizable platform. Command Center allows an SMB to do the following to provide a centralized inbox for all customer communication: 
 
 Connect their pre-existing email, Facebook and Instagram accounts; 
 Install Command Center s WebChat client on their website; and 
 Use Voice over Internet Protocol VoIP in-platform telephony services, Short Message Service SMS and video calls. 
 
 Thryv Business Center is designed to allow a SMB everything necessary to streamline day-to-day business operations, including customer relationship management, appointment scheduling, estimate and invoice creation, and online review management. Thryv Marketing Center is a fully integrated next generation marketing and advertising platform operated by the end user. Marketing Center contains everything a small business owner needs to market and grow their business effectively, including easy to understand, artificial intelligence AI driven analytics, and lead attribution, helping them understand what marketing is working for them. ThryvPay SM , is our own branded payment solution that allows users to get paid via credit card and ACH and is tailored to service focused businesses that want to provide consumers safe, contactless, and fast-online payment options. Thryv Add-Ons include AI-assisted website development, SEO tools, Google Business Profile optimization, Hub by Thryv SM , and Thryv Leads. These optional platform subscription-based add-ons provide a seamless user experience for our end-users and drive higher engagement within the Thryv Platform while also producing incremental revenue growth. 
 
 26 

Our expertise in delivering solutions for our client base is rooted in our deep history of serving SMBs. In 2024, SMB demand for integrated technology solutions continues to grow as SMBs adapt their business and service model to facilitate remote working and virtual interactions. 
 
 Keap Acquisition and Equity Offering 
 
 On October 31, 2024, the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Infusion Software, Inc. Keap for 80.0 million of cash, subject to adjustment. Keap was founded in 2001 and operates a SaaS e-mail marketing and sales platform for small businesses, including products to manage customers, customer relationship management, marketing and e-commerce. As of June 30, 2024, Keap's customer base consisted of approximately 17,000 subscribers. 
 
 To finance the purchase price, the Company closed an underwritten public offering of 5,715,000 shares of common stock, generating proceeds before expenses of 76.0 million and borrowed 5.5 million under its New ABL Facility. 
 
 Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 
 Our operations can be impacted by, among other factors, general economic conditions and increased competition with the introduction of new technologies and market entrants. We believe that our performance and future success depend on several factors that present significant opportunities for us, but also pose risks and challenges, including those listed below and those discussed in the section titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Ability to Attract and Retain Clients 
 Our revenue growth is driven by our ability to attract, retain, and expand the spend of SMB clients. To do so, we must deliver solutions that address the challenges currently faced by SMBs at a value-based price point that SMBs can afford. 
 
 Our strategy is to expand the use of our solutions by introducing our SaaS solutions to new SMB clients, as well as our current Thryv Marketing Services clients and our existing SaaS client base - offering them additional SaaS solutions. This strategy includes capitalizing on the increased needs of SMBs for solutions that facilitate a remote working environment and virtual interactions. This strategy will require substantial sales and marketing capital. This strategy poses a risk if our Marketing Services clients do not fully embrace the transition to SaaS solutions by increasing their spend. 
 Investment in Growth 
 We intend to continue to develop and grow a profitable SaaS segment to better help SMBs manage their businesses, while maintaining strong profitability within our Marketing Services segment, which serves as an efficient customer acquisition channel for our SaaS platform. As a result, SaaS has been able to achieve profitable growth. We will continue to improve our SaaS solutions by analyzing user behavior, expanding features, improving usability, enhancing our onboarding services and customer support and making version updates available to SMBs. We believe these initiatives will ultimately drive revenue growth; however, such improvements will also increase our operating expenses. 
 Ability to Grow Through Acquisition 
 Our growth prospects depend upon our ability to successfully develop new markets. We currently serve SMB markets in the United States, Australia, New Zealand and Canada and plan to leverage strategic acquisitions or initiatives to expand our client base domestically and enter new markets internationally. Identifying proper targets and executing strategic acquisitions may take substantial time and capital. On October 31, 2024, we completed the acquisition of Keap. On April 3, 2023, we completed the acquisition of Yellow, a New Zealand marketing services company. We believe that strategic acquisitions of marketing services companies globally will expand our client base and provide additional opportunities to offer our SaaS solutions. 
 Print Publication Cycle 
 We recognize revenue for print services at a point in time upon delivery of the published PYP directories containing customer advertisements to the intended market. Our PYP directories typically have 12-month publication cycles in Australia, 18-month publication cycles in New Zealand, and 15 to 24-month publication cycles in the U.S. As a result, we typically record revenue for each publication only once every 12 to 24 months, depending on the publication cycle of the directory. The amount of revenue we recognize each quarter from our PYP directories is therefore directly related to the number of PYP directories we deliver to the intended market each quarter, which can vary based on the timing of the publication cycles. 
 27 

Key Business Metrics 
 We review several operating metrics, including the following key business metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions. We believe these key metrics are useful to investors both because they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making, and they may be used by investors to help analyze the health of our business. 
 Total Clients 
 We define total clients as the number of SMB accounts with one or more revenue-generating solutions in a particular period. For quarter- and year-ending periods, total clients from the last month in the period are reported. A single client may have separate r evenue-generating accounts for multiple Marketing Services solutions or SaaS offerings, but we count these as one client when the accounts are managed by the same business entity or individual. Although infrequent, where a single organization has multiple subsidiaries, divisions, or segments, each business entity that is invoiced by us is treated as a separate client. We believe that the number of total clients is an indicator of our market penetration and potential future business opportunities. We view the mix between Marketing Services clients and SaaS clients as an indicator of potential future opportunities to offer our SaaS solutions to our Marketing Services clients. 
 As of September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Clients (1) 
 Marketing Services (2) 
 251 335 SaaS (3) 
 96 66 Total (4) 
 295 364 
 (1) Clients include total clients from both of our business segments: Thryv Marketing Services and Thryv SaaS. 
 (2) Clients that purchase one or more of our Marketing Services solutions are included in this metric. These clients may or may not also purchase subscriptions to our SaaS offerings. 
 (3) Clients that purchase subscriptions to our SaaS offerings are included in this metric. These clients may or may not also purchase one or more of our Marketing Services solutions. 
 (4) Total clients is less than the sum of the Marketing Services and SaaS, since clients that purchase both Marketing Services and SaaS products are counted in each category, but only counted once in the Total. 
 Marketing Services clients decreased by 84 thousand , or 25 , as of September 30, 2024 as compared to September 30, 2023. The decrease in Marketing Services clients was related to the secular decline in the print media industry, significant competition in the digital media space, and from focusing on offering our SaaS solutions to our current Marketing Services clients. 
 SaaS clients increased by 30 thousand , or 45 , as of September 30, 2024 as compared to September 30, 2023. The increase in SaaS clients was primarily driven by the Company s strategic decision during the fourth quarter of 2023 to accelerate the conversion of clients from its digital Marketing Services solutions to its SaaS solutions , as well as continuing to focus on new SaaS client acquisition through improved identification of prospects, improved selling methods, introduction of new product features, and a small but growing international footprint. 
 Total clients decreased by 69 thousand , or 19 , as of September 30, 2024 as compared to September 30, 2023. The primary driver of the decrease in total clients was the secular decline in the print media business combined with increasing competition in the digital media space, partially offset by an increase in SaaS clients. 
 Monthly ARPU 
 We define monthly average revenue per unit ARPU as our total client billings for a particular month divided by the number of clients that have one or more revenue-generating solutions in that same month. For each reporting period, the weighted-average monthly ARPU from all the months in the period are reported. ARPU varies based on product mix, product volumes, and the amounts we charge for our services. We believe that ARPU is an important measure of client spend and growth in ARPU is an indicator of client satisfaction with our services. 
 28 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 ARPU (Monthly) Marketing Services 126 155 137 161 SaaS 307 365 333 373 
 
 Monthly ARPU for Marketing Services decreased b y 29, or 19 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, and decreased by 24 , or 15 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in ARPU for these periods was related to reduced spend by clients on our print media offerings due to the secular decline of the industry, caused by the continuing shift of advertising spend to larger digital media audiences. This decrease in ARPU was further driven by an ongoing reduction of our resale of high-spend, low margin third-party local search and display services that were not hosted on our owned and operated platforms. 
 
 Monthly ARPU for SaaS decreased by 58, or 16 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, and decreased by 40 , or 11 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in SaaS ARPU during the three months ended September 30, 2024 resulted from our strategic decision to accelerate the conversion of clients from digital Marketing Services solutions to SaaS solutions at a price lower than some of our SaaS products. The sale of our newer Marketing Center product to our SaaS clients offset a portion of the SaaS decline. 
 
 Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue from our two business segments: Thryv Marketing Services and Thryv SaaS. Our primary sources of revenue in our Thryv Marketing Services segment are Print and Digital services. Our primary source of revenue in our Thryv SaaS segment are our SaaS solutions. 
 Cost of Services 
 Cost of services consists of expenses related to delivering our solutions, such as publishing, printing, and distribution of our Print directories and fulfillment of our Digital and SaaS offerings, including traffic acquisition, managed hosting, and other third-party service providers. Additionally, Cost of services includes personnel-related expenses such as salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation for our operations team, information technology expenses, non-capitalizable software and hardware purchases, and allocated overhead costs, which includes depreciation of fixed assets, and amortization associated with capitalized software and intangible assets. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of base salaries, stock-based compensation, sales commissions paid to our inside and outside sales force and other expenses incurred by personnel within the sales, marketing, sales training, and client care departments. Additionally, Sales and marketing expense includes advertising costs such as media, promotional material, branding, online advertising, information technology expenses and allocated overhead costs which includes depreciation of fixed assets, and amortization associated with capitalized software and intangible assets. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 
 General and administrative expense primarily consists of salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation incurred by corporate management and administrative functions such as information technology, finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources, billing and receivables, and management personnel. In addition, General and administrative expense includes bad debt expense, non-recurring charges, and other corporate expenses such as professional fees, operating taxes, and insurance. General and administrative expense also includes allocated overhead costs which includes depreciation of fixed assets, and amortization associated with capitalized software and intangible assets. 
 
 29 

Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Other income (expense) consists of interest expense, other components of net periodic pension cost, and other expense, which includes loss on early extinguishment of debt, and foreign currency-related income and expense. 
 30 

Results of Operations 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth certain consolidated financial data for each of the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 2023 
 (unaudited) (in thousands of Amount of Revenue Amount of Revenue Revenue 179,852 100 183,822 100 Cost of services 67,871 37.7 80,178 43.6 Gross profit 111,981 62.3 103,644 56.4 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing 66,484 37.0 74,755 40.7 General and administrative 50,972 28.3 48,267 26.3 Impairment charges 83,094 46.2 Total operating expenses 200,550 111.5 123,022 66.9 Operating loss (88,569) 49.2 (19,378) 10.5 Other income (expense): Interest expense (11,514) 6.4 (15,131) 8.2 Other components of net periodic pension cost (1,581) 0.9 (1,902) 1.0 Other income (expense) 218 0.1 (876) 0.5 (Loss) before income tax benefit (101,446) 56.4 (37,287) 20.3 Income tax benefit 5,375 3.0 10,241 5.6 Net (loss) (96,071) 53.4 (27,046) 14.7 Other financial data: Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 19,623 10.9 7,331 4.0 Adjusted Gross Profit (2) 
 116,839 110,604 Adjusted Gross Margin (3) 
 65.0 60.2 

(1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation to Net income (loss), the most directly comparable measure presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 (2) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition of Adjusted Gross Profit and a reconciliation to Gross profit, the most directly comparable measure presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 (3) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition of Adjusted Gross Margin. 

31 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 The following table summarizes Revenue by business segment for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 
 2023 
 Amount (in thousands of (unaudited) Thryv Marketing Services 92,797 116,462 (23,665) (20.3) Thryv SaaS 87,055 67,360 19,695 29.2 Revenue 179,852 183,822 (3,970) (2.2) 
 Revenue decreased by 4.0 million, or 2.2 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was driven by a decrease in Thryv Marketing Services revenue of 23.7 million, partially offset by an increase in Thryv SaaS revenue of 19.7 million. 
 Thryv Marketing Services Revenue 
 Thryv Marketing Services revenue decreased by 23.7 million, or 20.3 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Print revenue increased by 22.0 million, or 98.8 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase in Print revenue was primarily driven by the impact of publication timing differences of our U.S directories, as a result of our Print agreements having greater than 12 month terms. This increase was partially offset by the continued secular decline in U.S. and international industry demand for Print services. 
 Print revenue is recognized upon delivery of the published directories. Individual published directories have different publication cycles, with a typical lifecycle of 18 months for U.S. directories. As a result of recognizing revenue upon delivery, we typically record revenue for each published U.S. directory only once every 18 months, depending on the publication cycle of the individual published directory, which does not make comparing quarterly revenue year-over-year fully representative of actual demand trends due to timing of publication cycles. The Company recognized revenue for more published directories during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase in published directories was partially offset by the secular decline in industry demand for Print services, resulting in an overall 24 decline in revenue for the quarter when comparing on a publication-by-publication basis. 
 Digital revenue decreased by 45.6 million, or 48.4 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by the Company s strategic decision during the fourth quarter of 2023 to accelerate the upgrade of clients from its digital Marketing Services solutions to its SaaS solutions. Digital revenue further decreased due to a continued trending decline in the Company s Marketing Services client base and significant competition in the consumer search and display space, particularly from large, well-capitalized businesses such as Google, Yelp and Facebook. 
 Thryv SaaS revenue increased by 19.7 million, or 29.2 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by the Company s strategic decision during the fourth quarter of 2023 to accelerate the conversion of clients from its digital Marketing Services solutions to its SaaS solutions. SaaS revenue also increased as a result of increased demand for our Thryv SaaS solutions as SMBs accelerate their move away from manual processes and towards cloud platforms to more efficiently manage and grow their businesses, and by our success in re-focusing our go-to-market and onboarding strategy to target higher value clients. 
 
 Cost of Services 
 
 Cost of services decreased by 12.3 million, or 15.3 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily driven by the corresponding decline in revenue and strategic cost saving initiatives. Specifically, we reduced printing, distribution, digital and fulfillment costs by 3.6 million, contract services by 2.5 million, employee-related expenses by 2.3 million, and software expense by 1.3 million. 
 32 

Additionally, depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 2.1 million due to the accelerated amortization method used by the Company. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross profit increased by 8.3 million, or 8.0 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our gross margin also increased by 590 basis points to 62.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 56.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to an increase in sales of our higher margin SaaS solutions and the reduction of our resale of high-spend, low margin third-party local search and display services that were not hosted on our owned and operated platforms. Additionally, the increase was due to a decrease in cost of services as a result of the decline in revenue and strategic cost saving initiatives. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Sales and marketing expense decreased by 8.3 million, or 11.1 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in employee-related costs of 1.8 million and a decrease in contract services expense of 1.8 million due to strategic cost-saving initiatives, a decrease in advertising expenses of 1.7 million, a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of 0.8 million, and a decrease in sales commissions of 0.7 million due to new sales commissions plans and revised targets . Additionally, depreciation and amortization expense decreased 1.2 million due to the accelerated amortization method used by the Company. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 
 General and administrative expense increased by 2.7 million, or 5.6 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to a 1.7 million increase in transaction costs related to the Keap acquisition and an increase in stock-based compensation expense of 1.3 million. 
 Impairment Charges 
 Impairment charges increased by 83.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Impairment charges of 83.1 million were recognized as a result of a goodwill impairment in our Thryv Marketing Services reporting unit during the three months ended September 30, 2024 , while no impairment charges were recognized in our Thryv Marketing Services reporting unit during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense decreased by 3.6 million, or 23.9 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, driven primarily by lower outstanding debt balances as well as lower interest rates. 
 
 Other Components of Net Periodic Pension Cost 
 
 Other components of net periodic pension cost decreased by 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 . This decrease was primarily due a decrease of 0.3 million in interest cost, due to lower interest rates. No settlement gain or remeasurement gain was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Other income (expense) increased by 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. This increase was primarily due to an increase in foreign-currency related gain of 0.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a foreign-currency related loss of 0.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 33 

Income Tax Benefit 
 The Company's effective tax rate ETR was 5.3 and 27.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company's ETR differs from the U.S. Federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to permanent differences including state taxes, non-deductible executive compensation, non-U.S. taxing jurisdictions, tax credits, change in valuation allowance due to expiring net operating losses, and the discrete impact of interest accrual on uncertain tax positions, goodwill impairment as further discussed in Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , and the debt refinancing discussed in Note 8, Debt Obligations . 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased by 12.3 million, or 167.7 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily driven by the increase in sales of our higher margin SaaS solutions. The increase was partially offset by the secular decline in our Thryv Marketing Services segment. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation to Net income (loss), the most directly comparable measure presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 34 

Results of Operations 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth certain consolidated financial data for each of the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (1) 
 2023 (1) 
 (unaudited) (in thousands of Amount of Revenue Amount of Revenue Revenue 637,560 100 680,798 100 Cost of services 223,350 35.0 262,261 38.5 Gross profit 414,210 65.0 418,537 61.5 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing 201,984 31.7 226,781 33.3 General and administrative 155,229 24.3 149,642 22.0 Impairment charges 83,094 13.0 Total operating expenses 440,307 69.1 376,423 55.3 Operating (loss) income (26,097) 4.1 42,114 6.2 Other income (expense): Interest expense (37,048) 5.8 (47,911) 7.0 Other components of net periodic pension cost (4,743) 0.7 (3,888) 0.6 Other expense (7,571) 0.1 (1,242) 0.2 (Loss) before income tax (expense) benefit (75,459) 11.8 (10,927) 1.6 Income tax (expense) benefit (6,640) 1.0 9,173 1.3 Net (loss) (82,099) 12.9 (1,754) 0.3 Other financial data: Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 133,051 20.9 135,239 19.9 Adjusted Gross Profit (3) 
 431,057 440,426 Adjusted Gross Margin (4) 
 67.6 64.7 
 (1) Consolidated results of operations includes Yellow's results of operations subsequent to the April 3, 2023 acquisition date. 
 (2) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation to Net income (loss), the most directly comparable measure presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 (3) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition of Adjusted Gross Profit and a reconciliation to Gross profit, the most directly comparable measure presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 (4) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition of Adjusted Gross Margin. 
 35 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 The following table summarizes Revenue by business segment for the periods indicated : 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 
 2023 
 Amount (in thousands of (unaudited) Thryv Marketing Services 398,389 491,051 (92,662) (18.9) Thryv SaaS 239,171 189,747 49,424 26.0 Revenue 637,560 680,798 (43,238) (6.4) 
 Revenue decreased by 43.2 million, or 6.4 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was driven by a decrease in Thryv Marketing Services revenue of 92.7 million partially offset by an increase in Thryv U.S. SaaS revenue of 49.4 million. 
 Thryv Marketing Services Revenue 
 Thryv Marketing Services revenue decreased by 92.7 million, or 18.9 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Print revenue increased by 25.4 million, or 13.6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase in Print revenue was primarily driven by the impact of publication timing differences, as a result of our Print agreements having greater than 12 month terms. This increase was partially offset by the continued secular decline in U.S. and international industry demand for Print services. 
 Print revenue is recognized upon delivery of the published directories. Individual published directories have different publication cycles, with a typical lifecycle of 18 months for U.S. directories. As a result of recognizing revenue upon delivery, we typically record revenue for each published U.S. directory only once every 18 months, depending on the publication cycle of the individual published directory, which does not make comparing revenue year-over-year fully representative of actual demand trends due to timing of publication cycles. The Company recognized revenue for more published directories during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase in published directories was partially offset the secular decline in industry demand for Print services, resulting in an overall 30 decline in revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 when comparing on a publication-by-publication basis. 
 Digital revenue decreased by 118.0 million, or 38.7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by the Company s strategic decision during the fourth quarter of 2023 to accelerate the upgrade of clients from its digital Marketing Services solutions to its SaaS solutions. Digital revenue further decreased due to a continued trending decline in the Company s Marketing Services client base and significant competition in the consumer search and display space, particularly from large, well-capitalized businesses such as Google, Yelp and Facebook. 
 Thryv SaaS Revenue 
 Thryv SaaS revenue increased by 49.4 million, or 26.0 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by the Company s strategic decision during the fourth quarter of 2023 to accelerate the conversion of clients from its digital Marketing Services solutions to its SaaS solutions. SaaS revenue also increased as a result of increased demand for our Thryv SaaS solutions as SMBs accelerate their move away from manual processes and towards cloud platforms to more efficiently manage and grow their businesses, and by our success in re-focusing our go-to-market and onboarding strategy to target higher value clients. 
 
 Cost of Services 
 
 Cost of services decreased by 38.9 million, or 14.8 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily driven by the corresponding decline in revenue and 
 36 

strategic cost saving initiatives. Specifically, we reduced printing, distribution and digital fulfillment support costs by 15.8 million, contract services by 8.5 million, employee-related expenses by 4.7 million and software expense by 3.5 million. Additionally, depreciation and amortization expense decreased 5.1 million due to the accelerated amortization method used by the Company. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross profit decreased by 4.3 million, or 1.0 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in Gross profit was primarily due to a decrease in Marketing Services revenue, partially offset by an increase in SaaS revenue and a decrease in cost of services as a result of decline in revenue and strategic cost saving initiatives. Our gross margin increased by 350 basis points to 65.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 61.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to an increase in sales of our higher margin SaaS solutions and the reduction of our resale of high-spend, low margin third-party local search and display services that were not hosted on our owned and operated platforms. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Sales and marketing expense decreased by 24.8 million, or 10.9 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in employee-related costs and contract services expense of 11.7 million due to strategic cost-saving initiatives, a decrease in sales commissions of 5.3 million due to new sales commissions plans and revised targets, a decrease in stock based compensation expense of 3.0 million, and a decrease in advertising expenses of 2.7 million. Additionally, depreciation and amortization expense decreased 1.9 million due to the accelerated amortization method used by the Company. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 
 General and administrative expense increased by 5.6 million, or 3.7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in stock-based compensation expense of 4.0 million, an increase in employee-related costs of 3.0 million, an increase in severance expense of 3.5 million, an increase in third-party fees associated with our debt refinancing of 2.0 million, an increase in bad debt expense of 1.9 million, an increase in transaction costs of 1.3 million related to the Keap acquisition, and an increase in contract services expense of 0.9 million. The increase was partially offset by the absence of a 10.7 million loss on settlement of indemnification asset that was recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Impairment Charges 
 Impairment charges increased by 83.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Impairment charges of 83.1 million were recognized as a result of a goodwill impairment in our Thryv Marketing Services reporting unit during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , while no impairment charges were recognized in our Thryv Marketing Services reporting unit during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense decreased by 10.9 million, or 22.7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven primarily by lower outstanding debt balances, as well as lower interest rates. 
 
 Other Components of Net Periodic Pension Cost 
 
 Other components of net periodic pension co st increased by 0.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. T his increase was primarily due to the absence of a settlement gain of 0.4 million and a remeasurement gain of 1.4 million that was recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. No settlement gain or remeasurement gain was recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Additionally, the increase was due to a lower return on plan assets of 0.7 million. These increases were partially offset by lower interest cost of 1.6 million, due to lower interest rates. 
 37 

Other Expense 
 
 Other expense in creased by 6.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a loss on extinguishment of debt of 6.6 million recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in foreign-currency related loss of 0.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Income Tax (Expense) Benefit 
 
 The Company's effective tax rate ETR was (8.8 and 83.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company's ETR differs from the U.S. Federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to permanent differences including state taxes, non-deductible executive compensation, non-U.S. taxing jurisdictions, tax credits, change in valuation allowance due to expiring net operating losses, and the discrete impact of interest accrual on uncertain tax positions, goodwill impairment as further discussed in Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , and the debt refinancing discussed in Note 8, Debt Obligations . 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased by 2.2 million, or 1.6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily driven by the secular decline in our Thryv Marketing Services segment. The decrease was partially offset by the growth in our Thryv SaaS segment. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation to Net income (loss), the most directly comparable measure presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 38 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We also present Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Gross Profit, and Adjusted Gross Margin, as defined below, as non-GAAP financial measures in this Quarterly Report. 
 We have included Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Gross Profit, and Adjusted Gross Margin in this report because management believes they provide useful information to investors in gaining an overall understanding of our current financial performance and provide consistency and comparability with past financial performance. Specifically, we believe Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to management and investors by excluding certain non-operating items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Gross Profit, and Adjusted Gross Margin are used by management for budgeting and forecasting as well as measuring the Company s performance. We believe Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Gross Profit, and Adjusted Gross Margin provide investors with the financial measures that closely align with our internal processes. 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA as Net income (loss) plus Interest expense, Income tax expense, Depreciation and amortization expense, Restructuring and integration expenses, Transaction costs, Stock-based compensation expense, and non-operating expenses, such as, Other components of net periodic pension cost, Loss on early extinguishment of debt, Non-cash loss from remeasurement of indemnification asset, and certain unusual and non-recurring charges that might have been incurred. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to Net income (loss) as a performance measure. We define Adjusted Gross Profit Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Margin Adjusted Gross Margin as Gross profit and Gross margin, respectively, adjusted to exclude the impact of Depreciation and amortization expense and Stock-based compensation expense. 
 Non-GAAP financial information has limitations as an analytical tool and is presented for supplemental informational purposes only. Such information should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and may be different from similarly-titled non-GAAP measures used by other companies. 
 The following is a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to its most directly comparable GAAP measure, Net (loss): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA Net (loss) (96,071) (27,046) (82,099) (1,754) Interest expense 11,514 15,131 37,048 47,911 Depreciation and amortization expense 12,519 15,842 41,144 46,940 Stock-based compensation expense (1) 
 6,011 5,462 17,653 16,653 Restructuring and integration expenses (2) 
 4,861 3,584 17,679 12,845 Income tax (benefit) expense (5,375) (10,241) 6,640 (9,173) Transaction costs (3) 
 1,706 1,706 373 Other components of net periodic pension cost (4) 
 1,581 1,902 4,743 3,888 Loss on early extinguishment of debt (5) 
 6,638 Non-cash loss from remeasurement of indemnification asset (6) 
 10,734 Impairment charges 83,094 83,094 Other (7) 
 (217) 2,697 (1,195) 6,822 Adjusted EBITDA 19,623 7,331 133,051 135,239 
 (1) The Company records Stock-based compensation expense related to the amortization of grant date fair value of the Company s stock-based compensation awards. See Note 10 , Stock-Based Compensation and Stockholders' Equity , to our consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report for more information. 
 (2) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , expenses related to periodic efforts to enhance efficiencies and reduce costs, and include severance benefits, and costs associated with abandoned facilities and system consolidation. 
 39 

(3) Expenses related to the Keap Acquisition during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the Yellow Acquisition during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (4) Other components of net periodic pension cost is from our non-contributory defined benefit pension plans that are currently frozen and incur no additional service costs. The most significant component of Other components of net periodic pension cost relates to periodic mark-to-market pension remeasurement. 
 (5) In connection with the debt refinancing completed on May 1, 2024, the Company recorded a Loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the write-off of certain unamortized debt issuance costs on the Company's Prior Term Loan and Prior ABL Facility. See Note 8, Debt Obligations , to our consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report for more information. 
 (6) In connection with the YP Acquisition, the seller indemnified the Company for future potential losses associated with certain federal and state tax positions taken in tax returns filed by the seller prior to the acquisition date. See Note 4 , Fair Value Measurements , to our consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report for more information. 
 (7) Other primarily includes foreign exchange-related expense (income). 
 The following tables set forth reconciliations of Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Margin, to their most directly comparable GAAP measures, Gross profit and Gross Margin: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands) Marketing Services SaaS Total Reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Profit Gross profit 51,374 60,607 111,981 Plus: Depreciation and amortization expense 2,508 2,189 4,697 Stock-based compensation expense 69 92 161 Adjusted Gross Profit 53,951 62,888 116,839 Gross Margin 55.4 69.6 62.3 Adjusted Gross Margin 58.1 72.2 65.0 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Marketing Services SaaS Total Reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Profit Gross profit 60,776 42,868 103,644 Plus: Depreciation and amortization expense 4,885 1,901 6,786 Stock-based compensation expense 103 71 174 Adjusted Gross Profit 65,764 44,840 110,604 Gross Margin 52.2 63.6 56.4 Adjusted Gross Margin 56.5 66.6 60.2 
 
 40 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands) Marketing Services SaaS Total Reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Profit Gross profit 252,219 161,991 414,210 Plus: Depreciation and amortization expense 10,569 5,770 16,339 Stock-based compensation expense 280 228 508 Adjusted Gross Profit 263,068 167,989 431,057 Gross Margin 63.3 67.7 65.0 Adjusted Gross Margin 66.0 70.2 67.6 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Marketing Services SaaS Total Reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Profit Gross profit 299,305 119,232 418,537 Plus: Depreciation and amortization expense 16,790 4,603 21,393 Stock-based compensation expense 325 171 496 Adjusted Gross Profit 316,420 124,006 440,426 Gross Margin 61.0 62.8 61.5 Adjusted Gross Margin 64.4 65.4 64.7 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Thryv Holdings, Inc. is a holding company that does not conduct any business operations of its own. We derive cash flows from cash transfers and other distributions from our operating subsidiary, Thryv, Inc., who in turn generates cash flow from its own operations and operations of its subsidiaries, and has cash and cash equivalents on hand, funds provided under the New Term Loan and funds available under the New ABL Facility. The agreements governing our debt may restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to make loans or otherwise transfer assets to us. Further, our subsidiaries are permitted under the terms of our senior credit facilities and other indebtedness to incur additional indebtedness that may restrict or prohibit the making of distributions or the making of loans by such subsidiaries to us. Our and our subsidiaries ability to meet our debt service requirements is dependent on our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations. 
 
 We believe that expected cash flows from operations, available cash and cash equivalents, and funds available under our New ABL Facility will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements, such as working capital requirements for our operations, business development and investment activities, and debt payment obligations, for the following 12 months. Any projections of future earnings and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. Our future success and capital adequacy will depend on, among other things, our ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenues and cash flows from operations and our ability to address our annual cash obligations and reduce our outstanding debt, all of which are subject to general economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. We continue to monitor our capital requirements to ensure our needs are in line with available capital resources. 
 
 In addition, our Board of Directors authorizes us to undertake share repurchases from time to time. The amount and timing of any share repurchases that we make will depend on a variety of factors, including available liquidity, cash flows, our capacity to make repurchases under our debt agreements and market conditions. 
 
 For a discussion on contingent obligations, see Note 13, Contingent Liabilities , to our consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report. 
 41 

Sources and Uses of Cash 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) (unaudited) Cash flows provided by (used in): Operating activities 63,640 103,648 (40,008) Investing activities (24,730) (32,032) 7,302 Financing activities (45,446) (72,138) 26,692 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (120) (707) 587 (Decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (6,656) (1,229) (5,427) 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 40.0 million, or 38.6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to changes in working capital, particularly accounts receivable, which was primarily impacted by the timing of payments and an overall decline in our sales. Additionally, the Company made income tax payments of 15.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to income taxes paid of 7.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was offset by lower interest payments of 8.7 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased by 7.3 million, or 22.8 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to 8.9 million of cash paid related to the Yellow Acquisition during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was partially offset by a 1.8 million increase in capital expenditures related to the development of our SaaS solutions. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities decreased by 26.7 million, or 37.0 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to 18.2 million of net payments on the Company's Prior Term Loan and New Term Loan agreements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 95.0 million of net payments on the Company's Prior Term Loan during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in payments on the Term Loan was partially offset by 26.9 million of net payments on the Company's Prior ABL Facility and New ABL Facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.8 million of net proceeds on the Company's Prior ABL Facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, the decrease in payments on the Term Loan was partially offset by 15.9 million of cash received as a result of the exercise of stock warrants during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company also paid 5.5 million of debt issuance costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the New Term Loan. 
 
 Debt 
 Term Loan 
 
 On May 1, 2024, the Company entered into a new Term Loan Credit Agreement (the New Term Loan ), the proceeds of which were used to refinance and pay off in full the Company s previous term loan facility (the Prior Term Loan and to pay fees and expenses related to the refinancing. 
 
 The New Term Loan established a senior secured term loan facility (the New Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to 350.0 million, of which 31.8 was held by a related party who was an equity holder of the Company as of May 1, 2024. The Company defines a related party as any shareholder owning more than 5 of the 
 42 

Company's voting securities. As of September 30, 2024, 31.8 of the New Term Loan was held by a related party who was an equity holder of the Company as of that date. 
 
 The New Term Loan Facility matures on May 1, 2029 and borrowings under the New Term Loan Facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, SOFR or base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin per annum equal to (i) 6.75 (for SOFR loans) and (ii) 5.75 (for base rate loans). The New Term Loan Facility requires mandatory amortization payments, paid quarterly commencing June 30, 2024, equal to (i) 52.5 million per year for the first two years following the closing date of the New Term Loan, and (ii) 35.0 million per year thereafter. 
 ABL Facility 
 On May 1, 2024, the Company entered into a new Credit Agreement (the ABL Credit Agreement ), which established a new 85.0 million asset-based revolving loan facility (the New ABL Facility ). The New ABL Facility refinanced the Company s previous asset-based revolving loan facility (the Prior ABL Facility ). Proceeds of the New ABL Facility may be used by the Company for ongoing general corporate purposes and working capital. 
 
 The New ABL Facility matures on May 1, 2028 and borrowings under the New ABL Facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, SOFR or base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin per annum, depending on the average excess availability under the New ABL Facility, equal to (i) 2.50 to 2.75 (for SOFR loans) and (ii) 1.50 to 1.75 (for base rate loans). The fee for undrawn commitments under the New ABL Facility is equal to 0.375 per annum. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had borrowing base availability of 60.9 million . As a result of certain restrictions in the Company's debt agreements, as of September 30, 2024, approximately 50.3 million was available to be drawn upon under the New ABL Facility. 
 We maintain debt levels that we consider appropriate after evaluating a number of factors, including cash requirements for ongoing operations, investment and financing plans (including acquisitions and share repurchase activities), and overall cost of capital. Per the terms of the New Term Loan Facility, payments of the New Term Loan balance are determined by the Company's Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the New Term Loan Facility). We are in compliance with all covenants under the New Term Loan and New ABL Facility as of September 30, 2024. We had total recorded debt outstanding of 307.8 million (net of 11.6 million of unamortized original issue discount OID and debt issuance cost) at September 30, 2024, which was comprised of amounts outstanding under the New Term Loan of 297.5 million and New ABL Facility of 21.9 million. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On April 30, 2024, the Board authorized a new share repurchase program (the Share Repurchase Program ), under which the Company may repurchase up to 40 million in shares of common stock through April 30, 2029. The repurchase program will be subject to market conditions, the periodic capital needs of the Company s operating activities, and the continued satisfaction of all covenants under the Company s New Term Loan and ABL Credit Agreement. The Share Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to repurchase shares and may be suspended, terminated, or modified at any time. 
 On June 20, 2024, the Company repurchased approximately 26,495 shares of its outstanding common stock. The total purchase price of this transaction was approximately 0.5 million. The shares acquired were recorded as Treasury stock upon repurchase. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our critical accounting policies and estimates have not changed from those described in our 2023 Form 10-K, under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates . 
 
 43 

I tem 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 , we had total recorded debt outstanding of 307.8 million (net of 11.6 million of unamortized OID and debt issuance costs), which was comprised of amounts outstanding under our New Term Loan of 297.5 million and New ABL Facility of 21.9 million. Substantially all this debt bears interest at floating rates. Changes in interest rates affect the interest expense we pay on our floating rate debt. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would increase our interest expense by approxi mately 3.2 million annually, bas ed on the debt outstanding at September 30, 2024 . 
 
 Foreign Exchange Currency Risk 
 
 We have foreign currency risks related to our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Australian dollar and New Zealand dollar . Since we translate foreign currencies into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes, currency fluctuations can have an impact on our financial results. 
 
 We have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our Net income as a result of transaction gains or losses related to revaluing certain current asset and current liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. We recognized immaterial amounts of foreign currency gains and losses in each of the periods presented. We have not hedged our foreign currency transactions to date. We are evaluating the costs and benefits of initiating a hedging program and may in the future hedge selected significant transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar as we expand our international operations and our risk grows. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

I tem 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Information in response to this item is provided in Part I - Item 1. Note 13, Contingent Liabilities and is incorporated by reference into Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as supplemented by the disclosure in Part II, Item 1A. in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024. 
 
 Litigation and regulatory investigations, including the Subpoena, aimed at us or resulting from our actions or the actions of our predecessors may result in significant financial losses and harm to our reputation. 
 
 44 

We face risk of litigation, regulatory investigations and similar actions in the ordinary course of our business, including the risk of lawsuits and other legal actions relating to breaches of contractual obligations or tortious claims from clients or other third parties, fines, penalties, interest, or other damages as a result of erroneous transactions, breach of data privacy laws, or lawsuits and legal actions related to us or our predecessors. Any such action may include claims for substantial or unspecified compensatory damages, as well as civil, regulatory, or criminal proceedings against our directors, officers, or employees, and the probability and amount of liability, if any, may remain unknown for significant periods of time. We may be also subject to various regulatory investigations and inquiries, such as information requests and book and records examinations, from regulators and other authorities in the geographical markets in which we operate. 
 
 Recently, we received a subpoena from the Division of Enforcement of the SEC requesting documents and information related to the Company s previously publicly announced strategic conversion of its clients from its digital marketing services solutions platform to its SaaS solutions platform (the Subpoena ). A substantial liability arising from regulatory investigation, including the Subpoena, a lawsuit judgment or settlement or a significant regulatory action against us or a disruption in our business arising from adverse adjudications in proceedings against our directors, officers, or employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results or operations. Moreover, even if we ultimately prevail in or settle any regulatory investigation, including the Subpoena, litigation, or regulatory action, we could suffer significant harm to our reputation, which could materially affect our ability to attract new clients, to retain current clients and to recruit and to retain employees, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Various lawsuits and other claims typical for a business of our size and nature are pending against us, including disputes with taxing jurisdictions. See our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for further detail. 
 
 We are also exposed to potential future claims and litigation relating to our business, as well as methods of collection, processing and use of personal data. Our clients and users of client data collected and processed by us could also file claims against us if our data were found to be inaccurate, or if personal data stored by us were improperly accessed and disseminated by unauthorized persons. These potential future claims could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income, consolidated balance sheets or consolidated statements of cash flows. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 None of our officers or directors or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 45 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The following documents are filed as an exhibit to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Thryv Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on September 24, 2020) 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Thryv Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on September 24, 2020) 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibits 101). 

Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 
 46 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 THRYV HOLDINGS, INC. November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Joseph A. Walsh Joseph A. Walsh Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Paul D. Rouse Paul D. Rouse Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-2024q310xq.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Joseph A. Walsh, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Thryv Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 
 present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 
 control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 7, 2024 
 By s Joseph A. Walsh 
 
 Joseph A. Walsh 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-2024q310xq.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Paul D. Rouse, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Thryv Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 
 present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 
 control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 7, 2024 
 By s Paul D. Rouse 
 Paul D. Rouse Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321-2024q310xq.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Thryv Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph A. Walsh, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 7, 2024 
 By s Joseph A. Walsh 
 
 Joseph A. Walsh 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322-2024q310xq.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Thryv Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul D. Rouse, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 7, 2024 
 By s Paul D. Rouse 
 Paul D. Rouse Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 thry-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 thry-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 thry-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 thry-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 thry-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

