<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1315098_0001315098-24-000250.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11378955</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>388255</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3662719</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3231708</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2121188</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1799531</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001315098-24-000250.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031081330
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001315098-24-000250
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Roblox Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001315098
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				200991664
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39763
		FILM NUMBER:		241412552

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		970 PARK PLACE
		CITY:			SAN MATEO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888) 858-2569

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		970 PARK PLACE
		CITY:			SAN MATEO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94403

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001315098-24-000250.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 rblx-20240930.htm
 10-Q

rblx-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 15, 2024, the registrant had approximately shares of Class A common stock and of Class B common stock outstanding, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share. 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Special Note Regarding Operating Metrics 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 9 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 11 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 50 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 52 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 88 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 88 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 88 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 88 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 89 
 Signatures 
 90 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as expect, anticipate, should, believe, hope, target, project, plan, goals, estimate, potential, predict, may, will, might, could, would, intend, shall, contemplate, opportunity, or continue or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our expectations regarding future financial performance, including but not limited to our expectations regarding revenue, cost of revenue, changes in the estimated average lifetime of a paying user, operating expenses, operating losses, operating leverage, and our key metrics, and our ability to achieve and maintain future profitability; 
 our ability to successfully execute our business and growth strategy, including our potential to scale and grow our advertising business, our international users, developers, and creators and our ability to create new revenue opportunities; 
 the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our liquidity needs; 
 economic, seasonal, and industry trends; 
 the functionality and economics of our Platform on operating systems and through distribution channels and software application stores; 
 the demand for our Platform in general; 
 our ability to retain and increase our number of users, developers, and creators; 
 the impact of inflation and global economic conditions on our operations; 
 our ability to develop enhancements to our Platform, and bring them to market in a timely manner; 
 our beliefs about and objectives for future operations; 
 our ability to attract and retain employees and key personnel and maintain our corporate culture; 
 future acquisitions or investments, including infrastructure investments to increase capacity; 
 the ability for developers to build, launch, scale, and monetize experiences for users; 
 our expectations regarding our ability to generate revenue from our users; 
 our ability to convert users into developers and creators; 
 our expectations regarding new target demographics; 
 our ability to continue to provide a safe and civil online environment, particularly for children; 
 our ability to develop and protect our brand; 
 our ability to maintain the security and availability of our Platform; 
 our ability to detect and minimize unauthorized use of our Platform; 
 the impact of disruption in supply chains on our ability to expand or increase the capacity of the Platform or replace defective equipment; 
 our business model and expectations and management of future growth, including for headcount growth rate, expansion in international markets and expenditures associated with such growth; 
 our ability to compete with existing and new competitors; 
 our expectations regarding outstanding litigation and legal and regulatory matters; 
 the impact and effects of inaccurate or unfavorable third-party reports, including reports of short sellers, about us, our business or our market; 
 our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing laws and regulations, including with respect to privacy, data protection, online safety, and the regulation of Robux as a security, both in the U.S. and internationally, including how such laws and regulations may interfere with user, developer and creator access to our Platform and experiences; 
 our expectations surrounding Robux as an attractive virtual currency; 
 our goal to increase developer and creator earnings as much as possible; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 the impact of geopolitical events, including the war in Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East stemming from Hamas attack against Israel, and their impacts on economies globally; 
 our expectations regarding new accounting standards; 
 our ability to achieve and maintain effective control over financial reporting; 
 the impact of foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates on results of operations; 
 our estimates related to stock-based compensation expenses; 
 generating sufficient cash to service our debt and other obligations that apply to our indebtedness; and 
 the increased expenses associated with being a public company. 
 We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. Moreover, the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING OPERATING METRICS 
 We manage our business by tracking several operating metrics, including average daily active users DAUs ), hours engaged, bookings, average bookings per DAU ABPDAU ), average new and returning monthly unique payers, monthly repurchase rate, and average bookings per monthly unique payer. As a management team, we believe each of these operating metrics provides useful information to investors and others. For information concerning these metrics as measured by us, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 While these metrics are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our user base for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how our platform is used. These metrics are determined by using internal data gathered on an analytics platform that we developed and operate and have not been validated by an independent third party. This platform tracks user account and session activity. If we fail to maintain an effective analytics platform, our metrics calculations may be inaccurate. These metrics are also determined by certain demographic data provided to us by the user, such as age or gender. If our users provide us with incorrect or incomplete information, then our estimates may be inaccurate. Our estimates also may change as our methodologies and platform evolve, including through the application of new data sets or technologies or as our platform changes with new features and enhancements. 
 We believe that these metrics are reasonable estimates of our user base for the applicable period of measurement, and that the methodologies we employ and update from time-to-time to create these metrics are reasonable bases to identify trends in user behavior. Because we update the methodologies we employ to create metrics, our current period metrics may not be comparable to those in prior periods. For example, in the first quarter of 2023, we revised the methodology we use to calculate average monthly unique payers for payers who purchased prepaid cards through one of our specified distributors (the impact to average new and returning monthly unique payers and average bookings per monthly unique payer in periods prior to the first quarter of 2023 was not significant). Similarly, our metrics may differ from estimates published by third parties or from similarly-titled metrics from other companies due to differences in methodology. Finally, the accuracy of our metrics may be affected by certain factors relating to user activity and our platform s systems and our ability to identify and detect attempts to replicate legitimate user activity, often referred to as botting. See the section titled Risk Factors Our user metrics and other estimates are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in those metrics may significantly harm and negatively affect our reputation and our business. 
 DAUs 
 We define a DAU as a user who has logged in and visited Roblox through our website or application on a unique registered account on a given calendar day. If a registered, logged in user visits Roblox more than once within a 24-hour period that spans two calendar days, that user is counted as a DAU only for the first calendar day. We believe this method better reflects global engagement on the platform compared to a method based purely on a calendar-day cutoff. DAUs for a specified period is the average of the DAUs for each day during that period. As an example, DAUs for the month of September would be an average of DAUs during that 30 day period. 
 Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate DAUs differently. 
 We track DAUs as an indicator of the size of the audience engaged on our platform. DAUs are also broken out by geographic region to help us understand the global engagement on our platform. 
 The geographic location data collected is based on the IP address associated with the account when an account is initially registered on Roblox. The IP address may not always accurately reflect a user s actual location at the time they engaged with our platform. Historically, we have grouped Xbox users into Rest of World for the purposes of our reporting (since the fourth quarter of 2020, Xbox users have represented less than 2 of our total quarterly DAUs and quarterly hours engaged). Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, Xbox users are reported in their respective geographies. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Because DAUs measure account activity and an individual user may actively use our platform within a particular day on multiple accounts for which that individual registered, our DAUs are not a measure of unique individuals accessing Roblox. References to user or our user base in this report refer to users as described in our definition of DAUs. Additionally, if undetected, fraud and unauthorized access to our platform may contribute, from time to time, to an overstatement of DAUs. In many cases, fraudulent accounts are created by bots to inflate user activity for a particular developer s content on our platform, thus making the developer s experience (which refer to the titles that have been created by developers) or other content appear more popular than it really is. We strive to detect and minimize fraud and unauthorized access to our platform. See the sections titled Risk Factors Our user metrics and other estimates are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in those metrics may significantly harm and negatively affect our reputation and our business, and Risk Factors Some developers, creators, and users on our Platform may make unauthorized, fraudulent, or illegal use of Robux and other digital goods or experiences on our Platform, including through unauthorized third-party websites or cheating programs. 
 Hours Engaged 
 We define hours engaged as the time spent by our users on the platform. We calculate total hours engaged as the aggregate of user session lengths in a given period. We estimate this length of time using internal company systems that track user activity on our platform as discrete events, and aggregate these discrete activities into a user session. A given user session on our platform may include, among other things, time spent in experiences, in Roblox Studio, in platform features such as chat and avatar personalization, in the Creator Store, and some amount of non-active time due to limits within the tracking systems and our estimation methodology. User sessions on our platform may be tracked differently across devices and platforms, including mobile, tablet, web, desktop, and game console due to inherent differences in functionality and user behaviors. As we continue to develop new features and products, we expect that our user session calculation will continue to evolve. We continue to review our user session calculation methodologies and may develop alternative calculation methods to increase consistency and accuracy in future periods. 
 We track hours engaged as an indicator of the user engagement on our platform. Hours engaged are also broken out by geographic region to help us understand the global engagement on our platform. 
 We continuously strive to increase the sophistication of our company systems to detect different user activities, including botting, non-active time and other activities across all devices. As we continue to improve our ability to detect and deter certain user behaviors on the platform and different devices, including unauthorized use of our platform, we may see an impact to our overall hours engaged as our measurement systems evolve and our efforts to reduce botting become more successful. 
 See the section titled Risk Factors Our user metrics and other estimates are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in those metrics may significantly harm and negatively affect our reputation and our business. 
 Bookings 
 Bookings represent the sales activity in a given period without giving effect to certain non-cash adjustments, as detailed below. Substantially all of our bookings are generated from sales of virtual currency, which can ultimately be converted to virtual items on the platform. Sales of virtual currency reflected as bookings include one-time purchases or monthly subscriptions purchased via payment processors or through prepaid cards. Bookings are initially recorded in deferred revenue and recognized as revenues over the estimated period of time the virtual items purchased with the virtual currency are available on the platform (estimated to be the average lifetime of a paying user) or as the virtual items purchased with the virtual currency are consumed. Bookings also include an insignificant amount from advertising and licensing arrangements. 
 We believe bookings provide a timelier indication of trends in our operating results that are not necessarily reflected in our revenue as a result of the fact that we recognize the majority of revenue over the estimated average lifetime of a paying user, which decreased from 28 months in the first quarter of 2024 to 27 months during the second quarter of 2024. The change in deferred revenue constitutes the vast majority of the reconciling difference from revenue to bookings. By removing these non-cash adjustments, we are able to measure and monitor our business performance based on the timing of actual transactions with our users and the cash that is generated from these transactions. Over the long-term, the factors impacting our revenue and bookings trends are the same. However, in the short-term, there are factors that may cause revenue and bookings trends to differ. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 We use this non-GAAP financial information to evaluate our ongoing operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. We believe that this non-GAAP financial information may be helpful to investors because it provides consistency and comparability with past financial performance. However, non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in their usefulness to investors because they have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and are not prepared under any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. In addition, other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures differently or may use other measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of our non-GAAP financial information as a tool for comparison. As a result, our non-GAAP financial information is presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 Bookings are also broken out by geographic region based on the billing country of our payers, to help us understand the global engagement and monetization on our platform. The billing address may not always accurately reflect a payer s actual location at the time of their purchase. 
 ABPDAU 
 We define ABPDAU as bookings in a given period divided by the DAUs for such period. We primarily use ABPDAU as a way to understand how we are monetizing across all of our users through the sale of virtual currency and subscriptions. ABPDAU is also broken out by geographic region to help us understand the global monetization on our platform. 
 Average New and Returning Monthly Unique Payers and Monthly Repurchase Rate 
 We define new monthly unique payers as user accounts that made their first payment on the platform, or via redemption of prepaid cards, during a given month. Average new monthly unique payers for a specified period is the average of the new monthly unique payers for each month during that period. Because we do not always have the data necessary to link an individual who has paid under multiple user accounts, an individual may be counted as multiple new monthly unique payers. 
 We define returning monthly unique payers as user accounts that have made a payment on the platform, or via redemption of prepaid cards, in the current month and in any prior month. Average returning monthly unique payers for a specified period is the average of the returning monthly unique payers for each month during that period. Because we do not always have the data necessary to link an individual who has paid under multiple user accounts, an individual may be counted as multiple returning monthly unique payers. 
 We define monthly repurchase rate as the returning monthly unique payers in the current month, divided by the sum of the prior month s new monthly unique payers and returning monthly unique payers. Average monthly repurchase rate for a specified period is the average of the monthly repurchase rates for each month during that period. 
 Average Bookings per Monthly Unique Payer 
 We define average bookings per monthly unique payer as bookings in the specified period divided by the average monthly unique payers for the same specified period. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 
 ROBLOX CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except par values) 
 (unaudited) 
 As of September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable net of allowances Prepaid expenses and other current assets Deferred cost of revenue, current portion Total current assets Long-term investments Property and equipment net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred cost of revenue, long-term Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Developer exchange liability Deferred revenue current portion Total current liabilities Deferred revenue net of current portion Operating lease liabilities Long-term debt, net Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 
 par value; authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; Class A common stock shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; Class B common stock shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) 
 Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Roblox Corporation Stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest ) ) Total Stockholders equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 ROBLOX CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost and expenses: Cost of revenue (1) 
 Developer exchange fees Infrastructure and trust safety Research and development General and administrative Sales and marketing Total cost and expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income/(expense), net ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Provision for/(benefit from) income taxes Consolidated net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 ROBLOX CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Consolidated net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Net change in unrealized gains/(losses) on available-for-sale marketable securities ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive loss, including noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Less: cumulative translation adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Other comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of tax ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 ROBLOX CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Class A and Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Accumulated Deficit Non- Controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income/(loss) ) Net loss ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Class A and Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Accumulated Deficit Non- Controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income/(loss) ) Net loss ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 ROBLOX CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Class A and Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Accumulated Deficit Non- Controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Class A and Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Accumulated Deficit Non- Controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 ROBLOX CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Consolidated net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss including noncontrolling interest to net cash and cash equivalents provided by operations: Depreciation and amortization expense Stock-based compensation expense Operating lease non-cash expense (Accretion)/amortization on marketable securities, net ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Impairment expense, (gain)/loss on investment and other asset sales, and other, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of acquisitions: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Deferred cost of revenue ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) ) Developer exchange liability Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other long-term liabilities Net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of property and equipment ) ) Payments related to business combination, net of cash acquired ) ) Purchases of intangible assets ) ) Purchases of investments ) ) Maturities of investments Sales of investments Net cash and cash equivalents used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from debt issuances Financing payments related to acquisitions ) ) Net cash and cash equivalents provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents Beginning of period End of period Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Property and equipment additions in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Roblox Corporation 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

12 

Table of Contents 

months to months. Based on the carrying amount of deferred revenue and deferred cost of revenue as of March 31, 2024, the change resulted in an increase in revenue and cost of revenue of million and million, respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and million and million, respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. It is estimated that this change will increase our fiscal year 2024 revenue and cost of revenue by million and million, respectively. 
 The estimated paying user life was months during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Refer to the heading Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Revenue Recognition Policy as described in the Company s consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024, for a complete discussion on the Company s revenue recognition policies. 

13 

Table of Contents 

Europe Asia-Pacific, including Australia and New Zealand Rest of world Total 
 
 Europe Asia-Pacific, including Australia and New Zealand Rest of world Total 
 
 (1) and of consolidated revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and were for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 of virtual item-related revenue for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Consumable virtual items accounted for of virtual item-related revenue for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Deferred Revenue 
 The Company receives payments from its users based on the payment terms established in its contracts. Such payments are initially recorded to deferred revenue and are recognized into revenue as the Company satisfies its performance obligations. The aggregate amount of revenue allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations is included in our deferred revenue balances. 
 The increase in deferred revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by sales during the period exceeding revenue recognized from the satisfaction of our performance obligations, which includes the revenue recognized during the period that was included in the current portion of deferred revenue at the beginning of the period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized million of revenue that was included in the current deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2023. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million over a lease term. In September, 2024, the Company de-recognized million of both the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities associated with this data center lease due to an early termination. The early termination did not have a material impact on the results of operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 square feet of office space in San Mateo, California for a lease term of approximately (the 2024 Sub-Lessee Agreement ). Concurrent with the execution of the 2024 Sub-Lessee Agreement, the Company executed a sublease as sub-lessor pursuant to which it subleased approximately square feet of its San Mateo, California corporate headquarters to the sub-lessee for a lease term of approximately (the 2024 Sub-Lessor Agreement ). 
 The total lease payments due by the Company over the sublease term under the 2024 Sub-Lessee Agreement are million and the Company took possession of the assigned space in April 2024. The total lease payments due to the Company over the sublease term under the 2024 Sub-Lessor Agreement are approximately million and the Company provided possession to the sub-lessee in April 2024. 
 
 U.S. Treasury securities ) Subtotal ) Level 2 U.S. agency securities ) Commercial paper ) Corporate debt securities ) Subtotal ) Total Debt Securities ) Equity Securities Level 1 Mutual funds (1) 
 Total Equity Securities Total Cash Equivalents and Investments ) 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Treasury securities ) Subtotal ) Level 2 U.S. agency securities ) Commercial paper Corporate debt securities ) Subtotal ) Total Debt Securities ) Equity Securities Level 1 Mutual funds (1) 
 Total Equity Securities Total Cash Equivalents and Investments ) 
 (1) The equity securities relate to the Company s nonqualified deferred compensation plan and are held in a rabbi trust. Refer to Note 14, Employee and Director Benefits , to the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for more information. 
 As of September 30, 2024, all of the Company s short-term debt investments have contractual maturities of or less and all of the Company s long-term debt investments have contractual maturities between one and . 
 Changes in market interest rates, credit risk of borrowers and overall market liquidity, amongst other factors, may cause our short-term and long-term debt investments to fall below their amortized cost basis, resulting in unrealized losses. For those debt securities in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024, the unrealized losses were primarily driven by increases in interest rates following the date of purchase and the Company does not intend to sell, nor is it more likely than not it will be required to sell, such secu rities before recovering the amortized cost basis . 
 ) ) ) U.S. agency securities ) ) Commercial paper ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) U.S. agency securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Total ) ) 

million, which included (i) million of cash paid on the Speechly Acquisition Date and (ii) million of cash held back until certain post-acquisition conditions are satisfied. 
 Other current assets acquired Intangible assets, net Developed technology, useful life of 
 Goodwill Other current liabilities assumed ) Other long-term liabilities assumed ) Total purchase price 
 Goodwill is attributable to the assembled workforce and anticipated synergies arising from the acquisition. The goodwill recognized is not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 There are no accumulated impairment losses for any period presented. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 ) Patents ) Assembled workforce ) Trade name ) Total intangible assets ) 
 As of December 31, 2023 
 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Expense Net Carrying Amount Developed technology ) Patents ) Assembled workforce ) Trade name ) Total intangible assets ) 
 The above tables do not include million and million of indefinite lived intangible assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Amortization expense related to our finite-lived intangible assets was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total remaining amortization expense 
 
 Accrued interest receivable Other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Computer hardware and software licenses Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization expense ) ) Property and equipment net 
 Construction in progress primarily relates to leasehold improvements for the Company s leased office buildings and network equipment infrastructure to support the Company s data centers. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company re-assessed the estimated useful life of certain software licenses, resulting in the acceleration of their remaining depreciation expense of million within infrastructure and trust safety expenses. Total depreciation and amortization expense of property and equipment was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Short term operating lease liabilities Accrued interest on the 2030 Notes Taxes payable Accrued compensation and other employee related liabilities Other current liabilities Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 billion aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes ). The 2030 Notes mature on May 1, 2030. The 2030 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum. Interest on the 2030 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing on May 1, 2022. 
 The aggregate proceeds from offering of the 2030 Notes were approximately million, after deducting lenders costs and other issuance costs incurred by the Company. The issuance costs of million are amortized into interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the 2030 Notes. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes at a redemption price of of the principal amount including accrued and unpaid interest, if any, with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings; provided that (1) at least of the aggregate principal amount of 2030 Notes originally issued remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption (excluding 2030 Notes held by the Company and its subsidiaries); and (2) the redemption occurs within days of the date of the closing of such equity offerings. 
 (2) on or after November 1, 2024, the Company may redeem all or a part of the 2030 Notes at the following redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date: 
 2025 
 2026 and thereafter 
 
 (3) at any time prior to November 1, 2024, the Company may redeem all or a part of the 2030 Notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of 2030 Notes redeemed, including accrued and unpaid interest, if any, plus the applicable make-whole premium set forth in the indenture governing the 2030 Notes (the Indenture as of the date of such redemption; and 
 (4) in connection with any tender offer for the 2030 Notes, including an offer to purchase (as defined in the Indenture), if holders of not less than in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 2030 Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such notes in such tender offer and the Company (or any third party making such a tender offer in lieu of the Company) purchases all of the 2030 Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such holders, the Company (or such third party) will have the right, upon not less than , but not more than days prior notice, given not more than days following such purchase date to the holders of the 2030 Notes and the trustee, to redeem all of the 2030 Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price equal to the price offered to each holder of 2030 Notes (excluding any early tender or incentive fee) in such tender offer plus to the extent not included in the tender offer payment, accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
 In certain circumstances involving a change of control triggering event (as defined in the Indenture), the Company will be required to make an offer to repurchase all, or at the holder s option, any part, of each holder s 2030 Notes at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the applicable repurchase date. 
 The 2030 Notes are unsecured obligations and the Indenture contains covenants limiting the Company and its subsidiaries ability to: (i) create certain liens and enter into sale and lease-back transactions; (ii) create, assume, incur or guarantee certain indebtedness; or (iii) consolidate or merge with or into, or sell or otherwise dispose of all of substantially all of the Company and its subsidiaries assets to another person. These covenants are subject to a number of limitations and exceptions set forth in the Indenture and non-compliance with these covenants may result in the accelerated repayment of the 2030 Notes and any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all of its covenants under the Indenture. 
 Unamortized issuance costs 
 ) ) Net carrying amount 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 Total interest expense 
 
 The debt issuance costs for the 2030 Notes are amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2030 Notes using an annual effective interest rate of . 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the estimated fair value of the 2030 Notes was approximately million and million, respectively, determined based on the last trading price of the 2030 Notes during the reporting period (a Level 2 input). 
 Joint Venture Financing 
 Refer to Note 15, Joint Venture , in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information on debt issued by the Company s consolidated subsidiary, Roblox China Holding Corp. 
 
 material changes to the Company s letters of credit during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Legal Proceedings The Company is and, from time to time may in the future become, involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation in the ordinary course of business. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company accrued for immaterial losses related to litigation matters that the Company believes to be probable and for which an amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company considered the progress of these cases, the opinions and views of its legal counsel and outside advisors, its experience and settlements in similar cases, and other factors in arriving at the conclusion that a potential loss was probable. The Company cannot determine a reasonable estimate of the maximum possible loss or range of loss for all of these matters given that they are at various stages of the litigation process and each case is subject to the inherent uncertainties of litigation. The Company may incur substantial legal fees, which are expensed as incurred, in defending against these legal proceedings. The maximum amount of liability that may ultimately result from any of these matters cannot be predicted with absolute certainty and the ultimate resolution of one or more of these matters could ultimately have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 On August 1, 2023, a putative class action was filed against the Company in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, captioned Colvin v. Roblox (the Colvin matter ), asserting various claims arising from allegations that minors used third-party virtual casinos to gamble Robux. On December 15, 2023, the Company filed a motion to dismiss and on March 26, 2024, the motion to dismiss was granted in part and denied in part, allowing plaintiffs negligence and California Unfair Competition Law claims to proceed. On March 28, 2024, a supplemental order clarified that plaintiffs claims for unjust enrichment and equitable relief could proceed as well. On April 9, 2024, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint realleging the California Consumer Legal Remedies Act and New York General Business Law claims that had been dismissed. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

million shares of Class A common stock authorized, with a par value of per share, million shares of Class B common stock authorized, with a par value of per share, and million shares of preferred stock authorized, with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to votes per share. 
 During the first quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, million and million shares of Class B common stock held by entities affiliated with Mr. Baszucki, Founder, President, CEO and Chair of our Board of Directors (the CEO were converted to Class A common stock. 
 Class A and Class B common stock are referred to as common stock throughout the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise noted. 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs outstanding Performance Stock Units PSUs (1) 
 CEO Long-Term Performance Award (1)(2) 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Stock warrants outstanding Unregistered stock awards RSAs outstanding Total 
 (1) Represents the shares of common stock reserved for future issuance at the maximum achievement levels. 
 (2) On March 1, 2024, the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee (i) approved the cancellation of the CEO Long-Term Performance Award, which was previously granted to the CEO under the 2017 Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan and (ii) granted Mr. Baszucki a new PSU award and RSU award. The PSUs and RSUs granted to Mr. Baszucki on March 1, 2024 are included in those respective rows above as of September 30, 2024. Refer to Note 12, Stock-Based Compensation Expense , to the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 equity incentive plans: its 2004 Incentive Stock Plan (the 2004 Plan ), its 2017 Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan and its 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ). The Company s stockholders approved the 2020 Plan in 2020, which became effective in connection with the Company s March 10, 2021 direct listing of its Class A common stock (the Direct Listing ). The 2017 Plan was terminated effective immediately prior to the direct listing in connection with the effectiveness of the Company s 2020 Plan, and accordingly no shares are available for issuance under the 2017 Plan. The 2004 Plan was terminated on the effective date of the 2017 Plan, and accordingly shares are available for issuance under the 2004 Plan. Any outstanding stock awards under the 2004 Plan and 2017 Plan remain outstanding, subject to the terms of the applicable plan and award agreements, until such shares are issued under those stock awards, by exercise of stock options or settlement of RSUs or until those stock awards become vested or expired by their terms. 
 Additionally, in 2020, the Company s stockholders approved the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2020 ESPP ), which became effective in connection with the Direct Listing. 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Research and development General and administrative Sales and marketing Total stock-based compensation expense 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Cancelled, forfeited, and expired ) Exercised ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 
 
 RSUs and RSAs 
 Granted Vested and released ) ) Cancelled ) ) Unvested as of September 30, 2024 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Class A common stock. The CEO Long-Term Performance Award would have vested upon the satisfaction of a service condition and achievement of certain Class A common stock price targets over . The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee approved the cancellation of the CEO-Long Term Performance Award on March 1, 2024, as further discussed below. The Class A common stock price targets were not achieved and therefore no shares vested under the CEO Long-Term Performance Award prior to its cancellation. 
 
 million of stock-based compensation expense remained unrecognized related to the CEO Long-Term Performance Award. 
 The Company determined that the concurrent cancellation of the CEO Long-Term Performance Award and granting of the 2024 CEO Award represented a modification of the CEO Long-Term Performance Award. As of the Modification Date, total subsequent stock-based compensation expense to be recognized was measured as (i) the remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the grant date fair value of the CEO Long-Term Performance Award and (ii) the incremental fair value resulting from the modification, if any. To estimate the incremental fair value resulting from the modification (if any), the Company first estimated the fair value of the modified CEO Long-Term Performance Award immediately prior to the Modification Date using a model based on multiple stock price outcomes developed through the use of a Monte Carlo simulation that incorporated into the valuation the possibility that the stock price targets may not be satisfied. A Monte Carlo simulation model requires the use of various assumptions, including the underlying stock price, volatility, and the risk-free interest rate as of the valuation date, corresponding to the length of time remaining in the performance period, and expected dividend yield. On the Modification Date, the estimated fair value of the CEO Long-Term Performance Award immediately prior to the modification was greater than the estimated fair value of the 2024 CEO Award (which was generally estimated based on the Modification Date fair value of the Class A common stock underlying the 2024 CEO Award, with consideration of the probability of achievement against the pre-established performance measures). As a result, the modification did not result in any incremental stock-based compensation expense. As of the Modification Date, total subsequent stock-based compensation expense to be recognized totaled million. Of the total estimated stock-based compensation expense, of the value was allocated to the 2024 CEO PSU Award with the remaining allocated to the RSUs, based on the relative value of the two awards on the Modification Date. 
 Under the 2024 CEO PSU Award, the number of shares that can be earned will range from to of the target number of shares based on the Company s performance against two independent performance measures relative to pre-established thresholds during a performance period ending on December 31, 2025. The independent performance measures include the Company s cumulative (i) bookings during the performance period, as defined in the grant agreement with the CEO and (ii) Adjusted EBITDA during the performance period, which correlates to the covenant adjusted EBITDA calculation used in certain covenant calculations specified in the indenture governing our 2030 Notes (the PSU Adjusted EBITDA ). Further, the awards are subject to Mr. Baszucki s continuous service with the Company through each vesting date, with the initial vesting date to occur in the first quarter of 2026 (of which of the award earned, if any, will vest) and the remaining vesting dates to occur in equal quarterly installments beginning in the second quarter of 2026. The Company will recognize stock-based compensation expense for the 2024 CEO PSU Award on an accelerated attribution method over the requisite service period of each separately vesting tranche. Actual performance against the pre-established threshold under the 2024 CEO PSU Award will have no impact on the subsequent stock-based compensation expense recognized. 
 The target number of the 2024 CEO PSU Award was in aggregate, with of the target number of shares allocated to the cumulative bookings performance measure and of the target number of shares allocated to the cumulative PSU Adjusted EBITDA performance measure. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 million of stock-based compensation expense related to the 2024 CEO PSU Award and million of stock-based compensation expense related to the 2024 CEO PSU Award and CEO Long-Term Performance Award, in total, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, within general and administrative expenses. The Company recorded million and million of stock-based compensation expense related to the CEO Long-Term Performance Award during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, within general and administrative expenses. 
 The number of RSUs granted under the 2024 CEO Award totaled and the RSUs will vest quarterly over a service period beginning March 1, 2024, subject to Mr. Baszucki s continued service with the Company on each vesting date. 
 
 in total, with of the target number of shares allocated to the cumulative bookings performance measure and of the target number of shares allocated to the cumulative PSU Adjusted EBITDA performance measure. 
 The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense for the 2024 Executive PSU Awards based upon the per-share grant date fair value of on an accelerated attribution method over the requisite service period of each separately vesting tranche. At each reporting period, the amount of stock-based compensation is determined based on the probability of achievement against the pre-established performance measures and if necessary, a cumulative catch-up adjustment is recorded to reflect any revised estimates regarding the probability of achievement. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, million and million of stock-based compensation expense was recorded related to the 2024 Executive PSU Awards, respectively. 
 
 to of the target number of shares, based on the Company s performance against independent performance measures relative to pre-established thresholds during a performance period ending on December 31, 2024. The independent performance measures include the Company s cumulative (i) bookings during the performance period, as defined in the respective grant agreements with each employee and (ii) PSU Adjusted EBITDA during the performance period. Further, the awards are subject to continuous employment, with the first vesting to occur in the first quarter of 2025 (in which of any awards earned will vest) and the second vesting to occur in the second quarter of 2026 (in which the remaining of any awards earned will vest). 
 As of September 30, 2024, the number of shares under the 2023 PSU Awards that can be earned at target performance totaled , with of the target number of shares allocated to the cumulative bookings performance measure and of the target number of shares allocated to the cumulative PSU Adjusted EBITDA performance measure. 
 The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense for the 2023 PSU Awards based upon the per-share grant date fair value of on an accelerated attribution method over the requisite service period of each separately vesting tranche. At each reporting period, the amount of stock-based compensation is determined based on the probability of achievement against the pre-established performance measures and if necessary, a cumulative catch-up adjustment is recorded to reflect any revised estimates regarding the probability of achievement. 
 On August 1, 2024, Michael Guthrie, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, notified Roblox of his intent to resign as Chief Financial Officer to pursue personal interests. The Company entered into a Separation and Transition Agreement with Mr. Guthrie on September 30, 2024 (the Transition Agreement ), pursuant to which Mr. Guthrie s employment with the Company will terminate upon the commencement of employment of the Company s next Chief Financial Officer. Following his termination of employment, Mr. Guthrie will continue to serve the Company as an advisor until March 1, 2025, or, if later, the anniversary of his termination date. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 of his 2023 PSUs, contingent upon the Company achieving performance measures, provided he remains a service provider until December 31, 2024. The Company has concluded that this constitutes a modification of the remaining requisite service period on September 30, 2024, and any remaining expense will be recognized prospectively over the remaining requisite service period. 
 The Company recorded net stock-based compensation expense of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and stock-based compensation expense of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to the 2023 PSU Awards. 
 
 . The number of shares that can be earned will range from to of the target number of shares, based on the Company s stock price performance and achievement of certain stock price hurdles during the last quarter of the second year through the end of the third year of a performance period (the 2022 PSU Awards Stock Price Hurdles and subject to continuous employment through such date. 
 The Company estimated the grant date fair value of the 2022 PSU Awards using a model based on multiple stock price outcomes developed through the use of a Monte Carlo simulation which incorporates into the valuation the possibility that the 2022 PSU Awards Stock Price Hurdles may not be satisfied. The grant date fair value of the 2022 PSU Awards was estimated to be per share, and the Company estimates that it will recognize total stock-based compensation expense of approximately million using the accelerated attribution method over the derived service period of each tranche which is equal to measurement periods commencing with the last quarter of the second year and ending with the last quarter of the third year. If the 2022 PSU Awards Stock Price Hurdles are met sooner than the derived service period, the stock-based compensation expense will be adjusted to reflect the cumulative expense associated with the vested award. Stock-based compensation expense will be recognized over the requisite service period if the members of management continue to provide service to the Company, regardless of whether the 2022 PSU Awards Stock Price Hurdles are achieved. 
 The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and a net stock-based compensation benefit of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the 2022 PSU Awards, primarily driven by the departure of an executive in the second quarter of 2024, and stock-based compensation expense of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 million and million of stock-based compensation expense related to the 2020 ESPP during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax, before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax Change in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 of their base salary, up to of their cash bonus compensation (if any) and up to of any RSUs or PSUs granted under the Company s 2020 Plan (if any), and eligible non-employee director participants may elect annually to defer up to of their cash director fees and any RSUs granted under the Company s 2020 Plan. Obligations of the Company under the NQDC Plan represent at all times unsecured general obligations of the Company to pay deferred compensation in the future in accordance with the terms of the NQDC Plan. 
 Cash amounts deferred under the plan may only later be settled in cash and are credited or charged with the performance of investment options offered under the NQDC Plan as elected by the participants. The amount credited or charged to each participant s cash deferrals are based on the performance of a hypothetical portfolio of investments which are tracked by an administrator, with such credits or charges included as a component of operating expenses in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. The cash obligations due to participants are presented as other long-term liabilities on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 The Company generally funds the cash obligations associated with the NQDC Plan by purchasing investments that match the hypothetical investment choices made by the plan participants. The investments (and any uninvested cash) are held in a rabbi trust in order to receive certain tax benefits. The rabbi trust is subject to creditor claims in the event of insolvency, but the assets held in the rabbi trust are not available for general corporate purposes. The investments held in the rabbi trust are presented as short-term investments and any uninvested cash is presented as cash and cash equivalents on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 As it relates to any deferred RSUs and PSUs, the Company ensures enough shares of its Class A common stock are reserved to settle all obligations under the NQDC Plan. These obligations are settled on the date(s) elected by the participant. The accounting for the RSUs and PSUs deferred under the NQDC Plan is consistent with the accounting for non-deferred RSUs and PSUs. 
 
 ownership interest as it relates to the voting shares). Songhua contributed million in capital in exchange for a ownership interest in Roblox China Holding Corp. The business of the joint venture (either directly or indirectly through the joint venture s wholly owned subsidiaries) is to engage in the (i) development, localization, and licensing of the Roblox application to Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. for operation and publication as a game in China, and (ii) development, localization, and licensing to creators of a Chinese version of the Roblox Studio and to oversee relations with local Chinese developers. 
 The joint venture is consolidated into the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements as the Company maintains a controlling financial interest through voting rights, while the minority member of the joint venture does not have substantive participating rights or veto rights. The Company classifies the ownership interest held by Songhua as a noncontrolling interest on its condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 million aggregate principal debt which matures on May 10, 2026 (the 2026 Notes ), unless earlier prepaid by the Borrower or converted by the holders into the Borrower s voting shares. Further, the Borrower, at its sole election, may extend the maturity date by . 
 The 2026 Notes were funded by the Company and Songhua (the Lenders in the amount of million and million, respectively. The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, with accrued interest payable on the final maturity date. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 ) ) ) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) Denominator Weighted-average common shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, based and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 RSUs outstanding 2020 ESPP 2023 PSUs Awards based on performance target achievement at period-end (1) 
 Stock warrants outstanding RSAs outstanding Total 
 (1) Represents the hypothetical number of shares that would have been earned under the Company s 2023 PSU Awards had the performance period ended on the balance sheet date. 
 Except for the 2023 PSU Awards, all other PSUs were excluded from the above table because the respective stock price or performance targets had not been met as of the periods presented. 
 
 million and million, respectively, with remaining lease terms ranging between three and . While the exit of the buildings is an impairment trigger in the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company is still in the process of assessing its real estate needs for future periods which will inform its decision as to whether or not to sublease these buildings for their respective remaining terms. As a result, the Company s impairment assessment is ongoing and will be completed in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes and the discussion under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024. This discussion and analysis and other parts of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contain forward-looking statements, such as those relating to our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, and beliefs, that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors, Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, and Special Note Regarding Operating Metrics included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any periods in the future. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this report to Roblox, the Company, we, our, us, or similar terms refer to Roblox Corporation and its subsidiaries. 
 Amounts reported in millions are rounded based on the amounts in thousands. As a result, the sum of the components reported in millions may not equal the total amount reported in millions due to rounding. In addition, percentages presented are calculated from the underlying numbers in thousands and may not add to their respective totals due to rounding. 
 Overview 
 People from around the world come to Roblox every day to connect with friends. Together they create, play, work, learn, and connect with each other in experiences built by our global community of creators. Our Platform is powered by user-generated content and draws inspiration from gaming, entertainment, social media, and even toys. 
 Our free to use immersive platform for connection and communication consists of the Roblox Client, the Roblox Studio, and the Roblox Cloud (collectively, the Roblox Platform or the Platform ). Roblox Client is the free application that allows users to explore 3D immersive experiences. Roblox Studio is the free toolset that allows developers and creators to build, publish, and operate 3D immersive experiences and other content accessed with the Roblox Client. Roblox Cloud includes the services and infrastructure that power our Platform. 
 Our mission is to connect a billion users with optimism and civility. We are constantly improving the ways in which our Platform supports shared experiences, ranging from how these experiences are built by an engaged community of developers and creators to how they are enjoyed and safely accessed by users across the globe. 
 Consistent with our free to play business model, a small portion of our users have historically been payers. For example, in the three months ended September 30, 2024, of our 88.9 million average DAUs, only approximately 1,143,000 represented our average daily unique paying users. Similarly, in the three months ended September 30, 2024, our average daily bookings per DAU was 0.14, whereas our average daily bookings per daily unique paying user was 10.73. We believe that maintaining and growing our overall number of DAUs, including the number of DAUs who may not purchase and spend Robux, is important to the success of our business. As a result, we believe that the number of DAUs who choose to purchase and spend Robux will continue to constitute a small portion of our overall users. 
 We are continually innovating our Platform by investing in high fidelity avatars, more realistic experiences, artificial intelligence AI tools, and other social features. In the second half of 2024 and into 2025, we have implemented, and expect to continue to implement, certain Platform policy and other changes in anticipation of and in response to regulatory requirements and evolving guidance from leading global organizations focused on child and internet safety in the United States and abroad. These changes could impact user engagement, revenue, and bookings, particularly from younger users. 
 Our primary areas of investment have been, and we expect will continue to be, our developer and creator community, and the people, technology, and infrastructure, including our trust and safety systems, required to keep improving the Roblox Platform while maintaining and building a safe and civil online community. These areas of focus are how we drive the business and, along with payment processing fees, represent our primary operating costs. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Key Metrics 
 We believe our performance is dependent upon many factors, including the key metrics described below that we track and review to measure our performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. 
 
 Operating Metrics 
 We manage our business by tracking several operating metrics, including those outlined below. As a management team, we believe each of these operating metrics provides useful information to investors and others. For complete definitions and limitations of these metrics, refer to the section titled Special Note Regarding Operating Metrics of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Average Daily Active Users DAUs 
 We define a DAU as a user who has logged in and visited Roblox through our website or application on a unique registered account on a given calendar day. If a registered, logged in user visits Roblox more than once within a 24-hour period that spans two calendar days, that user is counted as a DAU only for the first calendar day. We track DAUs as an indicator of the size of the audience engaged on our Platform. We believe that the growth in DAUs reflects the increasing value of our Platform. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Hours engaged 
 We define hours engaged as the time spent by our users on the Platform. We calculate total hours engaged as the aggregate of user session lengths in a given period. We estimate this length of time using internal company systems that track user activity on our Platform as discrete events, and aggregate these discrete activities into a user session. A given user session on our Platform may include, among other things, time spent in experiences, in Roblox Studio, in Platform features such as chat and avatar personalization, in the Creator Store, and some amount of non-active time due to limits within the tracking systems and our estimation methodology. We believe that the growth in hours engaged reflects the increasing value of our Platform. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Bookings 
 Bookings is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents the sales activity in a given period without giving effect to certain non-cash adjustments. Bookings is presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Refer to the section Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for further discussion on this measure, including its limitations. 
 Below we also include revenue calculated in accordance with GAAP, the most directly comparable financial measure to bookings. 

We believe that DAUs, hours engaged, and bookings are highly correlated and over time we would expect hours engaged to grow slightly faster than DAUs, and bookings to grow faster than hours engaged. There are many reasons, but generally over time, as the content on our Platform improves and DAUs increase in tenure, engagement tends to go up. Similarly, over time as the content improves and our Platform functionality gets better, we expect more users to become payers and for those payers, on average, to increase their purchase of Robux which drives up both average bookings per monthly unique payer and overall bookings per hour. Further, we expect growth in our payers and monetization to lead to growth in revenue and bookings. These expectations are over long periods of time. Within any given month or quarter, the behavior of the metrics has not been, and will not always be, consistent. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Average Bookings per DAU ABPDAU 
 We define ABPDAU as bookings in a given period divided by the DAUs for the same period. We use ABPDAU as a way to understand our monetization across our users through the sale of virtual currency and subscriptions. 
 Refer to the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for the definition of and discussion on bookings, including its limitations as a non-GAAP financial measure. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Average New and Returning Monthly Unique Payers and Monthly Repurchase Rate 
 We define new monthly unique payers as user accounts that made their first payment on the Platform, or via redemption of prepaid cards, during a given month. Average new monthly unique payers for a specified period is the average of the new monthly unique payers for each month during that period. 
 We define returning monthly unique payers as user accounts that have made a payment on the Platform, or via redemption of prepaid cards, in the current month and in any prior month. Average returning monthly unique payers for a specified period is the average of the returning monthly unique payers for each month during that period. 
 We define monthly repurchase rate as the returning monthly unique payers in the current month, divided by the sum of the prior month s new monthly unique payers and returning monthly unique payers. Average monthly repurchase rate for a specified period is the average of the monthly repurchase rates for each month during that period. 
 We use these measures to understand our monetization across our payers through the sale of virtual currency and subscriptions. 
 
 Average Bookings per Monthly Unique Payer 
 We define average bookings per monthly unique payer as bookings in the specified period divided by the average monthly unique payers for the same specified period. We use this measure to understand our monetization across our payers through the sale of virtual currency and subscriptions. Refer to the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for the definition of and discussion on bookings, including its limitations as a non-GAAP financial measure. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to our results determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe the following non-GAAP financial measures are useful in evaluating our performance. We use this non-GAAP financial information to evaluate our ongoing operations, for internal planning and forecasting purposes, and to evaluate our operating performance. We believe that this non-GAAP financial information may be helpful to investors because it provides consistency and comparability with past financial performance. However, non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in their usefulness to investors because they have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and are not prepared under any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. In addition, other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures differently or may use other measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of our non-GAAP financial information as a tool for comparison. As a result, our non-GAAP financial information is presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Bookings 
 Bookings represent the sales activity in a given period without giving effect to certain non-cash adjustments, as detailed below. Substantially all of our bookings are generated from sales of virtual currency, which can ultimately be converted to virtual items on the Roblox Platform. Sales of virtual currency reflected as bookings include one-time purchases or monthly subscriptions purchased via payment processors or through prepaid cards. Bookings are initially recorded in deferred revenue and recognized as revenues over the estimated period of time the virtual items purchased with the virtual currency are available on the Roblox Platform (estimated to be the average lifetime of a paying user) or as the virtual items purchased with the virtual currency are consumed. Bookings also include an insignificant amount from advertising and licensing arrangements. 
 We believe bookings provide a timelier indication of trends in our operating results that are not necessarily reflected in our revenue as a result of the fact that we recognize the majority of revenue over the estimated average lifetime of a paying user. The change in deferred revenue constitutes the vast majority of the reconciling difference from revenue to bookings. By removing these non-cash adjustments, we are able to measure and monitor our business performance based on the timing of actual transactions with our users and the cash that is generated from these transactions. Over the long-term, the factors impacting our revenue and bookings trends are the same. However, in the short-term, there are factors that may cause revenue and bookings trends to differ. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of revenue, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, to bookings, for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of revenue to bookings: Revenue 918,953 713,225 2,613,796 2,049,335 Add (deduct): Change in deferred revenue 216,325 130,957 410,657 360,112 Other (6,758) (4,729) (16,998) (15,489) Bookings 1,128,520 839,453 3,007,455 2,393,958 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA represents our GAAP consolidated net loss, excluding interest income, interest expense, other (income)/expense, provision for/(benefit from) income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based compensation expense, and certain other nonrecurring adjustments and differs from Covenant Adjusted EBITDA which is used in certain covenant calculations specified in the indenture governing our senior notes due 2030. Refer to the section titled Liquidity and Capital Resources for the definition of and discussion on Covenant Adjusted EBITDA. 
 We believe that, when considered together with reported GAAP amounts, Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors and management in understanding our ongoing operations and ongoing operating trends. Our definition of Adjusted EBITDA may differ from the definition used by other companies and therefore comparability may be limited. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of consolidated net loss, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, to Adjusted EBITDA, for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of consolidated net loss to Adjusted EBITDA: Consolidated net loss (240,447) (278,808) (719,562) (833,597) Add (deduct): Interest income (46,718) (36,442) (133,271) (102,288) Interest expense 10,286 10,268 30,853 30,409 Other (income)/expense, net (2,352) 4,262 1,309 1,425 Provision for/(benefit from) income taxes 303 682 1,466 177 Depreciation and amortization expense (1) 
 68,613 53,600 175,126 153,611 Stock-based compensation expense 265,165 220,022 757,558 617,288 RTO severance charge (2) 
 108 1,101 Other non-cash charges (3) 
 6,988 Adjusted EBITDA 54,958 (26,416) 114,580 (125,987) 
 (1) Includes a one-time charge of 17.9 million related to the re-assessment of the estimated useful life of certain software licenses, resulting in the acceleration of their remaining depreciation within infrastructure and trust safety expenses. 
 (2) Relates to cash severance costs associated with the Company s return-to-office RTO plan announced in October 2023, which required a subset of the Company s remote employees to begin working from the San Mateo headquarters for three days a week, beginning in the summer of 2024. 
 (3) Includes impairment expense related to certain operating lease right-of-use assets and related property and equipment. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Free cash flow 
 We define free cash flow as net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities less purchases of property, equipment, and intangible assets acquired through asset acquisitions. We believe that free cash flow is a useful indicator of our unit economics and liquidity that provides information to management and investors about the amount of cash and cash equivalents generated from our core operations that, after the purchases of property, equipment, and intangible assets, can be used for strategic initiatives. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, to free cash flow, for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Reconciliation of net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities to free cash flow: Net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities 637,825 314,875 Deduct: Acquisition of property and equipment (115,786) (255,470) Purchases of intangible assets (1,370) (13,500) Free cash flow 520,669 45,905 
 Acquisition of property and equipment primarily includes tenant improvements, servers, infrastructure equipment, and capitalized software licenses. 
 
 Change in Accounting Estimate 
 At the onset of each quarter, we complete an assessment of our estimated average lifetime of a paying user, which is used for revenue recognition of durable virtual items and calculated based on historical monthly retention data for each paying user cohort to project future participation on the Roblox Platform. Following that assessment and effective April 1, 2024, the average lifetime of a paying user was estimated to be 27 months, a decrease compared to the previous estimate of 28 months. The estimated paying user life was also 28 months during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Based on the carrying amount of deferred revenue and deferred cost of revenue as of March 31, 2024, the change resulted in an increase in revenue and cost of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 of 26.4 million and 5.4 million, respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 by 85.3 million and 17.8 million, respectively. It is estimated that this change will increase our fiscal year 2024 revenue and cost of revenue by 98.0 million and 20.4 million, respectively. 
 Refer to the heading Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Revenue Recognition below for a complete discussion on the Company s revenue recognition policies. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate substantially all of our revenue through the sale of virtual content or access to virtual content to users, enabling them to enhance their social experience on the Roblox Platform. We recognize revenue over the estimated period of time the virtual items are available to the user on the Roblox Platform (estimated average lifetime of a paying user) or at the time the virtual item is consumed. The estimated average lifetime of a paying user is calculated based on the monthly retention data for each paying user cohort. We then calculate the average retention period by determining the weighted-average period paying users have spent on the Platform and are projected to participate in the Roblox environment. 
 Other revenue streams include an insignificant amount of revenue from advertising and licensing arrangements. We plan to invest in and expand our advertising business for the foreseeable future. 
 All of our revenue is recorded net of taxes assessed by a government authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue transactions between us and our users, and estimated chargebacks and refunds. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Costs and Expenses 
 We allocate shared costs, such as certain facilities (including rent and depreciation on equipment and leasehold improvements shared by all departments) and software costs, to all departments based on headcount. As such, allocated shared costs are reflected in each expense category, with the exception of cost of revenue and developer exchange fees expense. 
 Personnel costs generally include employee expenses (salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense) and contractor expenses, and are reflected in each expense category, with the exception of cost of revenue and developer exchange fees. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, personnel costs were 467.4 million and 1,390.7 million, respectively, and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, were 415.9 million and 1,205.6 million, respectively. 
 Cost of revenue 
 Cost of revenue primarily consists of third-party payment processing fees charged by the various distribution channels in connection with sales of our virtual currency. We initially defer payment processing fees and recognize them as expense over the same period as the respective revenue. Cost of revenue also includes costs associated with the printing of prepaid cards and sales tax expense for jurisdictions where the Company does not collect sales tax from the purchaser at the time of the sale. 
 Cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue is affected by shifts in user purchasing preferences and trends. While in recent years, we saw a shift of our sales toward prepaid card distribution channels and credit card sales directly through our website, which are subject to lower processing fees compared to other distribution channels, such as the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, and consoles such as Xbox and PlayStation, we have seen this trend moderate over the last several quarters with some seasonal variations. We expect to see the overall distribution channel mix shift based on user purchasing preferences, demographics and seasonal variations in future periods. 
 We intend to use nearly all of any efficiencies earned in this area over time to increase earnings for our developers and creators. 
 Developer exchange fees 
 Developer exchange fees expense represent the amount earned by developers and creators on the Roblox Platform that are qualified and registered in the Developer Exchange Program. Developers and creators are able to exchange their earned Robux for real-world currency under certain conditions outlined in our Developer Exchange Program. Developers and creators can earn Robux primarily through the sale of access to their experiences and enhancements in their experiences, the incorporation of immersive ads, the sale of content and tools between developers through the Creator Store (formerly the Creator Marketplace), and the sale of items to users through the Marketplace. Developers can also earn Robux through our engagement-based reward program that rewards developers based on the number of hours spent in their experiences by Roblox Premium subscribers (the Engagement-Based Payouts program). 
 In order to be qualified for our Developer Exchange Program and eligible to exchange earned Robux for real-world currency, developers and creators must meet certain conditions, such as having earned the minimum amount of Robux required to qualify for the program, a verified developer account, and an account in good standing. On January 31, 2022, we reduced the minimum amount of earned Robux required to qualify for the program from 100,000 Robux to 50,000 Robux and subsequently on January 31, 2023, we further reduced the minimum requirement from 50,000 Robux to 30,000 Robux. We believe these reductions in the minimum amounts required further incentivize our developer and creator community, and promote the long term growth and the health of such community. As of September 30, 2024, over 22,500 developers and creators qualified for and were registered in our Developer Exchange Program. 
 Over the next few years, a major goal is to increase our developer and creator earnings (i) by creating new earnings methods and enhancing existing ones and (ii) through efficiencies realized in other areas of our business, while maintaining reasonable margins. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Infrastructure and trust safety 
 Infrastructure and trust safety expenses consist primarily of expenses related to the operation of our data centers and technical infrastructure. These costs include third-party service providers costs, such as cloud computing or other hosting and data storage, facilities-related expenses for our co-located data centers and edge data centers that we lease and operate, and network and bandwidth costs, as well as depreciation and associated support and maintenance costs of our servers and infrastructure equipment. Depreciation and amortization expense related to infrastructure and trust safety in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 61.3 million and 46.0 million, respectively, and in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 152.9 million and 132.8 million, respectively. 
 We plan to continue increasing the capacity, capability, and reliability of our infrastructure to support more sophisticated content, more users, and increased engagement. Through the end of 2023, we were investing heavily in our infrastructure, and as a result, we were able to moderate our investment in infrastructure throughout fiscal year 2024, but expect to increase our investment supporting our global infrastructure over the long-term. We intend to achieve scalability by building and maintaining our own technical infrastructure, while generating operating leverage over the long-term. 
 Infrastructure and trust safety expenses also include personnel costs and moderation and customer support related costs, as well as allocated overhead expenses, to support our infrastructure and trust safety initiatives. We have been investing in AI and automation to increase the accuracy and efficiency of our safety moderation and customer support related efforts, which has increased the quality of our safety and civility systems and led to a decrease in safety moderation and customer support costs in recent periods. 
 Research and development 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and allocated overhead expenses for our engineering, design, product management, data science, and other employees engaged in maintaining and enhancing the functionality of the Platform. Research and development expenses also include costs associated with our Game Fund program, which funds certain developers upfront to develop new experience types for the Platform. We plan to increase research and development expenses for the foreseeable future primarily driven by increased headcount to develop new features, functionality, and innovation of our product. However, we have been, and expect to continue, moderating our headcount growth rate throughout fiscal year 2024 and expect to continue to generate operating leverage generally through the end of fiscal year 2025. 
 General and administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and allocated overhead for our finance and accounting, legal, human resources, talent acquisition, and other administrative teams. General and administrative expenses also include professional services fees such as outside legal, accounting, audit, and outsourcing services, and other corporate expenses, as well as certain accruals and settlements associated with legal proceedings. We have been, and expect to continue, moderating our headcount growth rate in fiscal year 2024, but generally expect to increase general and administrative expenses for the foreseeable future thereafter to support the growth of the business. 
 Sales and marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and allocated overhead for our marketing, business development, brand partnerships, and developer relations functions, as well as user acquisition expenses. Other expenses include those associated with market research, branding, public relations, and developer relations programs, including our annual Roblox Developer Conference. We plan to increase our sales and marketing expenses for the foreseeable future, primarily to support the growth of our business. 
 Interest income 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest earned and net accretion/(amortization) of our short-term investments, long-term investments, and cash equivalents. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of contractual interest and amortization of debt issuance costs on our 3.875 Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes ). 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Other income/(expense), net 
 Other income/(expense), net primarily includes foreign currency exchange gains/(losses) and realized gains/(losses) on our short-term and long-term investments, as well as certain insurance recoveries (if any). 
 Provision for/(benefit from) income taxes 
 Provision for/(benefit from) income taxes consists primarily of income taxes in foreign jurisdictions and U.S. federal and state income taxes. We maintain a full valuation allowance on our federal, state, and foreign deferred tax assets as we have concluded that it is not likely that the deferred assets will be utilized. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented in dollars and as a percentage of our revenue for each period presented (in thousands, except per share data and percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 918,953 100 713,225 100 2,613,796 100 2,049,335 100 Cost and expenses: Cost of revenue (1) 
 204,998 22 163,581 23 582,421 22 477,451 23 Developer exchange fees 231,536 25 170,719 24 642,211 25 519,002 25 Infrastructure and trust safety (2) 
 244,598 27 218,968 31 692,596 26 655,051 32 Research and development (2) 
 365,424 40 321,613 45 1,089,173 42 912,469 45 General and administrative (2) 
 98,733 11 97,508 14 302,184 12 291,279 14 Sales and marketing (2) 
 52,592 6 40,874 6 124,416 5 97,957 5 Total cost and expenses 1,197,881 130 1,013,263 142 3,433,001 131 2,953,209 144 Loss from operations (278,928) (30) (300,038) (42) (819,205) (31) (903,874) (44) Interest income 46,718 5 36,442 5 133,271 5 102,288 5 Interest expense (10,286) (1) (10,268) (1) (30,853) (1) (30,409) (1) Other income/(expense), net 2,352 (4,262) (1) (1,309) (1,425) Loss before income taxes (240,144) (26) (278,126) (39) (718,096) (27) (833,420) (41) Provision for/(benefit from) income taxes 303 682 1,466 177 Consolidated net loss (240,447) (26) (278,808) (39) (719,562) (28) (833,597) (41) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (3) 
 (1,123) (1,650) (3,751) (5,349) Net loss attributable to common stockholders (239,324) (26) (277,158) (39) (715,811) (27) (828,248) (40) Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted (0.37) (0.45) (1.11) (1.35) Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted 650,961 619,350 642,977 612,938 
 (1) Depreciation of servers and infrastructure equipment included in infrastructure and trust safety. 
 (2) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Infrastructure and trust safety 29,078 24,483 84,326 65,710 Research and development 189,064 155,651 542,867 432,676 General and administrative 36,345 32,200 102,786 97,673 Sales and marketing 10,678 7,688 27,579 21,229 Total stock-based compensation expense 265,165 220,022 757,558 617,288 
 (3) Our condensed consolidated financial statements include our majority-owned subsidiary Roblox China Holding Corp. The ownership interest of a minority investor, Songhua River Investment Limited, is recorded as a noncontrolling interest. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) Revenue 918,953 713,225 29 2,613,796 2,049,335 28 
 Revenue increased 205.7 million, or 29 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to a higher amortization of prior period deferred revenue and an increase in bookings in the current period. The increase in the amortization of prior period deferred revenue was supplemented by the decrease of the estimated average lifetime of a paying user to 27 months in the second quarter of 2024. Refer to the heading Changes in Accounting Estimate earlier in this section above for more information on the change in paying user life estimates in fiscal year 2024. 
 The increase in bookings during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily driven by a higher average number of daily unique paying users during the current period, which increased from approximately 870,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2023 to approximately 1,143,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The average number of daily unique paying users represents the number of user accounts that made a payment on the Platform, including via redemption of prepaid cards for Robux, on an average daily basis during the respective period. 
 
 Revenue increased 564.5 million, or 28 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to higher amortization of prior period deferred revenue and an increase in bookings in the current period. The increase in the amortization of prior period deferred revenue was supplemented by the decrease of the estimated average lifetime of a paying user to 27 months in the second quarter of 2024. Refer to the heading Changes in Accounting Estimate earlier in this section above for more information on the change in paying user life estimates in fiscal year 2024. 
 The increase in bookings during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily driven by a higher average number of daily unique paying users during the current period, which increased from approximately 824,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to approximately 1,013,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) Cost of revenue 204,998 163,581 25 582,421 477,451 22 
 Cost of revenue increased 41.4 million, or 25 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to a net increase of 40.9 million in expense for payment processing fees, primarily driven by a higher amortization of prior period deferred cost of revenue and an increase in current period payment processing fees from the related growth in bookings. T he increase in the amortization of prior period deferred cost of revenue was supplemented by the decrease of the estimated average lifetime of a paying user to 27 months in the second quarter of 2024. Refer to the heading Changes in Accounting Estimate earlier in this section above for more information on the change in paying user life estimates in fiscal year 2024. 
 
 Cost of revenue increased 105.0 million, or 22 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to a net increase of 109.2 million in expense for payment processing fees, primarily driven by a higher amortization of prior period deferred cost of revenue and an incre ase in current period payment processing fees from the related growth in bookings. T he increase in the amortization of prior period deferred cost of revenue was supplemented by the decrease of the estimated average lifetime of a paying user to 27 months in the second quarter of 2024. Refer to the heading Changes in Accounting Estimate earlier in this section above for more information on the change in paying user life estimates in fiscal year 2024. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Developer exchange fees 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) Developer exchange fees 231,536 170,719 36 642,211 519,002 24 
 Developer exchange fees increased 60.8 million, or 36 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily driven by an increase in amounts earned by developers and creators due to the growth in bookings over the same period. 
 
 Developer exchange fees increased 123.2 million, or 24 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily driven by an increase in amounts earned by developers and creators due to the growth in bookings over the same pe riod. 
 
 Infrastructure and trust safety 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) Infrastructure and trust safety 244,598 218,968 12 692,596 655,051 6 
 Infrastructure and trust safety expenses increased 25.6 million, or 12 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily driven by 17.9 million of accelerated depreciation expense related to certain software licenses as the Company re-assessed the estimated useful life of these licenses in the third quarter of 2024. The increase was further supplemented by an increase of 12.7 million related to data center and technical infrastructure expenses (including depreciation and amortization) and hosting costs associated with providing the Platform to our users, as well as an increase of 5.4 million in personnel costs, which includes an increase of 4.6 million in stock-based compensation expense. The overall increase was offset by a decrease of 7.8 million in moderation and customer support related costs primarily due to internal efficiency gains and automation from AI-driven tools. 
 
 Infrastructure and trust safety expenses increased 37.5 million, or 6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to an increase of 31.2 million related to data center and technical infrastructure expenses (including depreciation and amortization) associated with providing the Platform to our users. The increase was further supplemented by an increase of 28.7 million in personnel costs, which includes an increase of 18.6 million in stock-based compensation expense, and 17.9 million of accelerated depreciation expense related to certain software licenses as the Company re-assessed the estimated useful life of these licenses in the third quarter of 2024. The overall increase was offset by a decrease of 18.1 million in hosting costs as a result of savings realized from the renegotiation of a contract with a third party cloud service provider in the third quarter of 2023 and 17.7 million in moderation and customer support related costs primarily due to internal efficiency gains and automation from AI-driven tools. 
 
 Research and development 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) Research and development 365,424 321,613 14 1,089,173 912,469 19 
 Research and development expenses increased 43.8 million, or 14 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to an increase of 41.9 million in personnel costs, which includes an increase of 33.4 million in stock-based compensation expense, primarily due to growth in headcount supporting our engineering, design, and product teams. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development expenses increased 176.7 million, or 19 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to an increase of 145.9 million in personnel costs, which includes an increase of 110.2 million in stock-based compensation expense, primarily due to growth in headcount supporting our engineering, design, and product teams. The increase was further supplemented by an increase of 21.7 million in facilities-related costs, primarily driven by higher rent expense associated with our office leases. 
 
 General and administrative 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) General and administrative 98,733 97,508 1 302,184 291,279 4 
 General and administrative expenses increased 1.2 million, or 1 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to an increase of 1.1 million in indirect and payroll related taxes and 1.0 million in facilities-related costs, offset by a 1.4 million decrease in business travel and related expenses. 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased 10.9 million, or 4 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to an increase of 8.5 million in professional services, 6.6 million of indirect and payroll related taxes, of which 3.3 million relates to a newly enacted digital services tax in Canada, 3.4 million in facilities-related costs, and 2.9 million of withholding-related taxes. The increase was offset by an impairment charge of 7.0 million related to the operating lease right-of-use asset and related leasehold improvements of a portion of our San Mateo headquarters for which a sub-lease agreement was executed during the first quarter of 2023, as well as a decrease of 4.4 million in contractor costs. 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) Sales and marketing 52,592 40,874 29 124,416 97,957 27 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 11.7 million, or 29 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to an increase of 4.8 million in advertising and promotional expenses and 5.0 million in personnel costs, which includes an increase of 3.0 million in stock-based compensation expense, primarily due to continued growth in headcount to support our sales and marketing teams. 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 26.5 million, or 27 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to an increase o f 12.8 million in pe rsonnel costs, which includes an increase of 6.4 million in stock-based compensation expense, primarily due to continued growth in headcount to support our sales and marketing teams, and an increase of 9.9 million in advertising and promotional expenses. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Interest income, interest expense, other income/(expense), net, and provision for/(benefit from) income taxes 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 to 2023 
 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) (dollars in thousands) Interest income 46,718 36,442 28 133,271 102,288 30 Interest expense (10,286) (10,268) 0 (30,853) (30,409) 1 Other income/(expense), net 2,352 (4,262) NM (1,309) (1,425) (8) Provision for/(benefit from) income taxes 303 682 (56) 1,466 177 NM 
 Interest income increased by 10.3 million, or 28 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher average investments in debt securities. Interest income increased by 31.0 million, or 30 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher average investments in debt securities and higher interest rates. 
 Other income/(expense), net income changed by 6.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by an increase in foreign currency exchange gains. Other income/(expense), net was relatively flat (in terms of amount) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest expense and provision for/(benefit from) income taxes, net were all relatively flat (in terms of amount) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of the prior year. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments of 3.9 billion and 3.2 billion, respectively, which were primarily held for working capital purposes, capital expenditures, and acquisitions. Our investment policy and strategy are focused on the preservation of capital and supporting our liquidity requirements. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Since our inception, we have financed our operations primarily through cash generated from operations and, to a lesser extent, sales of convertible preferred stock, borrowings under our credit facilities, and the sale of our 2030 Notes. We require payment upfront for substantially all of our bookings. 
 
 On October 29, 2021, we issued the 2030 Notes, which will mature on May 1, 2030, unless earlier repurchased or redeemed. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing on May 1, 2022. The net proceeds from the 2030 Notes issuance were approximately 987.5 million and we intend to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital purposes, capital expenditures and acquisitions. 
 The 2030 Notes are unsecured obligations and the Indenture contains covenants limiting the Company and its subsidiaries ability to: (i) create certain liens and enter into sale and lease-back transactions; (ii) create, assume, incur or guarantee indebtedness; or (iii) consolidate or merge with or into, or sell or otherwise dispose of all of substantially all of the Company and its subsidiaries assets to another person, all of which are limited to amounts not to exceed the greater of 4.0 billion and 3.5x Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Indenture and referred to as Covenant Adjusted EBITDA throughout this section). Non-compliance with these covenants may result in the acceleration of repayment of the 2030 Notes and any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 Accordingly, the Company presents Covenant Adjusted EBITDA calculated in accordance with Consolidated EBITDA as that term is defined in the Indenture, which is not calculated in accordance with GAAP and may not conform to the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA by other companies. Covenant Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as a substitute for a measure of our financial performance or other liquidity measures prepared in accordance with GAAP and is also not indicative of income or loss calculated in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that this calculation is useful to investors for purposes of analyzing our compliance with certain covenants specified in the Indenture. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the calculation of Covenant Adjusted EBITDA in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Calculation of Covenant Adjusted EBITDA: Consolidated net loss (240,447) (278,808) (719,562) (833,597) Add (deduct): Interest income (46,718) (36,442) (133,271) (102,288) Interest expense 10,286 10,268 30,853 30,409 Other (income)/expense, net (2,352) 4,262 1,309 1,425 Provision for/(benefit from) income taxes 303 682 1,466 177 Depreciation and amortization expense (1) 
 68,613 53,600 175,126 153,611 Stock-based compensation expense 265,165 220,022 757,558 617,288 RTO severance charge (2) 
 108 1,101 Other non-cash charges (3) 
 6,988 Change in deferred revenue 216,325 130,957 410,657 360,112 Change in deferred cost of revenue (47,917) (23,477) (99,662) (62,074) Covenant Adjusted EBITDA 223,366 81,064 425,575 172,051 
 (1) Includes a one-time charge of 17.9 million related to the re-assessment of the estimated useful life of certain software licenses, resulting in the acceleration of their remaining depreciation within infrastructure and trust safety expenses. 
 (2) Relates to cash severance costs associated with the Company s return-to-office RTO plan announced in October 2023, which required a subset of the Company s remote employees to begin working from the San Mateo headquarters for three days a week, beginning in the summer of 2024. 
 (3) Includes impairment expense related to certain operating lease right-of-use assets and related property and equipment. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, contractual obligations related to the 2030 Notes are remaining payments of 19.4 million in 2024 and 38.8 million each year from 2025 through 2029 and 1,019.4 million due in 2030. These amounts represent principal and interest cash payments over the term of the 2030 Notes based on the stated maturity date. Any future redemption of the 2030 Notes could impact the amount or timing of our cash payments. For more information regarding the 2030 Notes, see Note 9, Debt to the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 For all periods presented, we have generated losses from our operations and positive cash flows from operating activities. A substantial source of our net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities is our deferred revenue, which is included in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as a liability. Deferred revenue consists of the unearned portion of bookings for which we have not yet satisfied our performance obligations. Our deferred revenue obligation is recognized as revenue over the estimated average lifetime of a paying user or as the virtual items are consumed. 
 We also expect to continue making investments in our business, including, but not limited to, capital expenditures related to our technology infrastructure. 
 We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, together with expected cash to be provided by future operations, will be sufficient to meet our needs for the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements, however, will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, investment in our headcount, capital expenditures to build out new facilities and purchase hardware for infrastructure, timing and extent of spending to support our efforts to develop our Platform, and the effects of inflation on these various expenses, amongst other factors. We may in the future enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, and technologies, including intellectual property rights. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may seek to raise additional funds at any time through equity, equity-linked arrangements, or debt. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired and at reasonable rates, our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be adversely affected. See Part 1, Item 1A. Risk Factors for more information. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow Data: Net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities 637,825 314,875 Net cash and cash equivalents used in investing activities (767,560) (2,773,964) Net cash and cash equivalents provided by financing activities 52,746 61,266 
 Operating activities 
 Our largest source of operating cash is cash collection from sales of Robux and monthly subscriptions. Our primary uses of net cash and cash equivalents from operating activities are for payment processing fees, personnel-related expenses, data center and infrastructure-related operations, developer exchange fees, and other operating expenses. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities was 637.8 million, which consisted of consolidated net loss of 719.6 million, adjusted by non-cash charges of 964.2 million and net cash inflows from the change in net operating assets and liabilities of 393.2 million. The non-cash charges were primarily comprised of stock-based compensation expense of 757.6 million and depreciation and amortization expense of 175.1 million. The net cash and cash equivalents inflow from the change in our net operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a 409.8 million increase in deferred revenue, primarily due to bookings generated in the current period, and a 119.5 million decrease in accounts receivable, primarily driven by collection of outstanding accounts receivable and partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable from bookings generated in the current period. The overall increase was offset by a 99.5 million increase in deferred cost of revenue, primarily due to payment processing fees incurred in the current period, and a 54.6 million decrease due to payment of operating lease liabilities. 
 Investing activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash and cash equivalents used in investing activities was 767.6 million, primarily consisting of 647.6 million of investment purchases net of sales and maturities, and capital expenditures of 117.2 million. 
 Financing activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash and cash equivalents provided by financing activities was 52.7 million, primarily consisting of 57.2 million from the exercise of stock options and purchase of shares under our employee stock purchase plan, offset by 4.5 million of post-acquisition purchase consideration payments related to the satisfaction of certain post-acquisition conditions related to our third quarter 2023 acquisition of Speechly, Inc. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company has letters of credit in connection with its office facilities in San Mateo, California and data center facilities in Ashburn, Virginia and Chicago, Illinois which are not reflected in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to the Company s letters of credit during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as structured finance or special purpose entities that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other purposes. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Contractual commitments include obligations under operating leases for office facilities and data center operations. There have been no material changes to the nature of our operating lease commitments since December 31, 2023, except for (i) the early termination of a data center lease in the third quarter of 2024 and (ii) lease commitments primarily related to office facilities and space for data center operations in the ordinary course of business. Refer to Note 4, Leases in the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements for more information on the Company s lease obligations. 
 Other purchase obligations primarily consist of non-cancellable obligations with our data center hosting providers and software vendors. There have been no material changes in the Company s purchase obligations since December 31, 2023, other than for non-cancellable obligations primarily related to data center hosting providers and software vendors in the ordinary course of business. Refer to Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our contractual commitments. 
 See our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024 for additional information regarding our contractual commitments. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of these financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes. Our estimates are based on various factors that we believe are reasonable. Actual results may differ from these estimates. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows will be affected. 
 An accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Refer below for our revenue recognition accounting policy. For our stock-based compensation expense accounting policy, refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations set forth in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 In accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, revenue is recognized when control of the service is transferred to the customer. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration that the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for these services. To achieve the core principle of this standard, the Company determines revenue recognition by: 
 identifying the contract, or contracts, with the customer; 
 identifying the performance obligations in the contract; 
 determining the transaction price; 
 allocating the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and 
 recognizing revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies performance obligations by transferring the promised services. 
 The Company derives substantially all of its revenue from the sale of virtual items on the Roblox Platform. 
 Roblox Platform 
 The Company operates the Roblox Platform as live services that allow users to play and socialize with others for free. Within the experience, however, users can purchase virtual currency Robux to ultimately obtain virtual items to enhance their social experience. Proceeds from the sale of Robux are initially recorded in deferred revenue and recognized as revenue as a user purchases and uses virtual items. The Company s identified performance obligation is to provide users with the ability to acquire, use, and hold virtual items on the Roblox Platform over the estimated period of time the virtual items are available to the user or until the virtual items are consumed. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Users can purchase Robux as one-time purchases or through monthly subscriptions via payment processors or through prepaid cards. Payments from users are non-refundable and relate to non-cancellable contracts for a fixed price that specify Company s obligations. Revenue is recorded net of taxes assessed by government authorities that are both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue transactions between the Company and its users, and estimated chargebacks and refunds. 
 The satisfaction of the Company s performance obligation is dependent on the nature of the virtual item purchased and as a result, the Company categorizes its virtual items as either consumable or durable. 
 Consumable virtual items represent items that can be consumed by a specific user action. Common characteristics of consumable virtual items may include items that are no longer displayed on the user s inventory after a short period of time or do not provide the user any continuing benefit following consumption. For the sale of consumable virtual items, the Company recognizes revenue as the items are consumed. 
 Durable virtual items represent items which result in a persistent change to a users character or item set (e.g., virtual hat, pet, or house). These items are generally available to the customer to hold, use, or display for as long as they are on the Roblox Platform. The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of durable virtual items ratably over the estimated period of time the items are available to the user which is estimated as the average lifetime of a paying user. 
 To separately account for consumable and durable virtual items, the Company specifically identifies each purchase for the majority of virtual items purchased on the Roblox Platform. For the remaining population, the Company estimates the amount of consumable and durable virtual items purchased based on data from specifically identified purchases and the expected behavior of the users within similar experiences. The estimation of consumable and durable virtual items purchased for the population of purchases not specifically identified requires management s judgment as the Company evaluates and estimates the expected behavior of users in the population using information from known purchases in similar experiences. 
 At the onset of each quarter, the average lifetime of a paying user estimate is calculated based on historical monthly retention data for each user cohort to project future participation on the Roblox Platform. Determining the estimated average lifetime of a paying user requires management s judgment as the Company analyzes the most recent trends in player cohort activity and other qualitative factors, including paying user behavior (e.g. impacts due to macroeconomic factors such as COVID-19), existing and new competition from a variety of entertainment resources for our users, the availability of the Roblox Platform across markets and user demographics, and other factors. The Company also considers results from prior analyses in determining the estimated average lifetime of a paying user. The Company believes this estimate is the best representation of the average life of the durable virtual items. 
 The estimated average paying user life was 28 months from the third quarter of 2022 through the first quarter of 2024 and decreased to 27 months at the onset of the second quarter of 2024. The decrease in the estimated average lifetime of a paying user from 28 months to 27 months was partially attributed to COVID-19 impacted payer cohorts dropping out of the estimated average lifetime of a paying user calculation (as we consider historical monthly retention data), whose average lives generally trended higher than more recent payer cohorts, along with the other qualitative factors including macroeconomic factors, competition, and availability of the Platform. Refer to the heading Change in Accounting Estimate for discussion on the quantitative amount of the change in accounting estimates for the respective periods impacted. 
 The Company offers prepaid cards through online and physical retailers, as well as on the Company website. The Company estimates expected breakage by taking into consideration historical patterns of redemption and escheatment laws as applicable. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily the result of fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of September 30, 2024, our cash equivalents, short-term investments, and long-term investments primarily consist of debt securities, including corporate debt securities, commercial paper, money market funds, U.S. Treasury securities, and U.S. agency securities. Our debt securities are subject to market risk due to changes in prevailing interest rates that may cause their fair values to fluctuate in the future. Based on a sensitivity analysis, we have determined that a hypothetical 100 basis points increase in interest rates would have resulted in a decrease in the fair values of our debt securities of approximately 30.3 million as of September 30, 2024. Such losses would only be realized if we sold the investments prior to maturity. 
 We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Our investment policy and strategy are focused on the preservation of capital and supporting our liquidity requirements. 
 In October 2021, we issued 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes. The 2030 Notes were issued at par and we incurred approximately 12.5 million in debt issuance costs. Interest on the 2030 Notes is payable semiannually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on May 1, 2022, and the entire outstanding principal amount of the 2030 Notes is due at maturity on May 1, 2030. The 2030 Notes have a fixed interest rate; therefore, we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates with respect to the 2030 Notes. Additionally, on our balance sheet we carry the 2030 Notes at face value less unamortized discount and debt issuance cost, and we present the fair value for disclosure purposes only. The fair value of our 2030 Notes will fluctuate with movements in interest rates, increasing in periods of declining rates of interest and declining in periods of increasing rates of interest. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange and Inflation Risk 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no significant changes to our quantitative and qualitative disclosures about foreign currency exchange risk or inflation risk. For more information, refer to Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk set forth in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 This information is set forth under Note 10 Commitments and Contingencies Legal Proceedings to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is incorporated herein by reference. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 RISK FACTORS 
 A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business is set forth below. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including our condensed consolidated financial statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material may also impair our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 Below is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our Class A common stock speculative or risky: 
 We have a history of net losses and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 Our business is affected by seasonal demands, and our financial condition and results of operations will fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which makes our financial results difficult to predict and may not fully reflect our underlying performance. 
 We experienced rapid growth in prior periods and our prior growth may not be indicative of our future growth or the growth of our market. 
 We depend on effectively operating with mobile operating systems, hardware, and networks that we do not control; changes to any of these or our Platform may significantly harm our user retention, growth, engagement, and monetization, or require us to change our data collection and privacy, cybersecurity, and data protection practices, business models, operations, practices, advertising activities or application content, which could restrict our ability to maintain our Platform through these systems, hardware, and networks and would adversely impact our business. 
 Because we recognize revenue from bookings over the estimated average lifetime of a paying user or as the virtual items are consumed, changes in our business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results. 
 If our business becomes constrained by changing legal and regulatory requirements, including with respect to privacy, cybersecurity and data protection, artificial intelligence AI ), consumer protection, communication, verified parental consent and user-generated content, or enforcement by government regulators, including fines, orders, or consent decrees in the US or other jurisdictions in which we operate, our operating results will suffer. 
 The success of our business model is contingent upon our ability to provide a safe online environment for our users, many of whom are children, to experience and if we are not able to provide a such an environment, our business will suffer dramatically. 
 If we are not able to provide sufficiently reliable services to our developers, creators, and users and maintain the performance of our Platform in the event of outages, constraints, disruptions or degradations in our services and our Platform, our business and reputation will suffer. 
 If the security of our Platform is compromised, it could compromise our and our developers , creators , and users private information, disrupt our internal operations and harm public perception of our Platform, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 We must continue to attract and retain highly qualified personnel in very competitive markets to continue to execute on our business strategy and growth plans. 
 We may identify material weaknesses or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, which may result in material misstatements of our condensed consolidated financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. 
 We may incur liability as a result of content published using our Platform or as a result of claims related to content generated by our developers, creators, and users, including copyright infringement, and legislation regulating content on our Platform may require us to change our Platform or business practices. 
 The loss of one or more of the members of our senior management team or other key personnel (or the inability to attract senior management or other key personnel), in particular our Founder, President, CEO and Chair of our Board of Directors, David Baszucki, could significantly harm our business. 
 The public trading price of our Class A common stock is volatile and may decline. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The dual class stock structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control in our Founder, which may limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors and the approval of any change of control transaction. 
 Securities or industry analysts or other third parties may publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, our business or our market which may cause the market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We have a history of net losses and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We have incurred net losses since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur net losses in the foreseeable future. We incurred net losses attributable to common stockholders of 1,151.9 million, 924.4 million and 491.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 3,776.1 million. We also expect our operating expenses to continue to increase, and if our growth does not increase to offset these anticipated increases in our operating expenses, our business, results of operations, and financial condition will be harmed, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. We expect our costs and investments to continue to increase in future periods as we intend to continue to make investments to grow our business, including an expected increase in infrastructure, stock-based compensation expenses, and acquisitions. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in increased revenue or growth of our business. In addition to the expected costs to grow our business, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional legal, accounting, and other expenses as a public company. Compliance with these rules and regulations continues to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and demand on our systems, and requires significant attention from our senior management that could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business. If we fail to increase our revenue to sufficiently offset the increases in our operating expenses, we will not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 Our business is affected by seasonal demands, and our financial condition and results of operations will fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which makes our financial results difficult to predict and may not fully reflect our underlying performance. 
 Historically, our business has been highly seasonal, with the highest percentage of our bookings occurring in the fourth quarter when holidays permit our users to spend increased time on our Platform and lead to increased spend on pre-paid Robux gift cards, and we expect this trend to continue. We also typically see higher levels of engagement in the months of June, July, and August, which are summer periods in the northern hemisphere, and lower levels of engagement in the post-summer months of September, October, and November. Other periods of seasonality include holidays such as Lunar New Year, Easter, and Ramadan, each of which may differ in timing year over year and therefore have and may continue to impact our quarterly results. We may also experience fluctuations due to factors that may be outside of our control that affect user, developer, or creator engagement with our Platform. 
 Accordingly, our quarterly results of operations have fluctuated in the past and will fluctuate in the future, both based on the seasonality of our business as well as external factors impacting the global economy, our industry and our company. Our results of operations and financial condition in any given quarter can be influenced by numerous factors, many of which we are unable to predict or are outside of our control, including, but not limited to our ability to maintain and grow our user base, user engagement, developer base and developer engagement; the level of demand for our Platform; the ability of our developers to monetize their experiences; increased competition; our pricing model; the maturation of our business; our ability to introduce new revenue streams such as advertising; legislative or regulatory changes; macroeconomic conditions, such as high inflation, recessionary or uncertain environments, and fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates; our ability to maintain operating margins, cash used in operating activities, and free cash flow; system failures or actual or perceived breaches or other incidents relating to privacy or cybersecurity; adverse litigation judgments, settlements, or other litigation and dispute-related costs; adverse media coverage or unfavorable publicity; the effectiveness of our internal control over financial metric reporting; the amount and timing of our stock-based compensation expenses; changes in our effective tax rate; and changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations, or principles. As a result, you should not rely on our past quarterly results of operations as indicators of future performance. You should take into account the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in rapidly evolving market segments. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 We experienced rapid growth in prior periods, and our prior growth rates may not be indicative of our future growth or the growth of our market. 
 We experienced rapid growth in prior periods relative to our quarterly forecast and historic trends, which may not be indicative of our financial and operating results in future periods. Activity levels in prior periods are not sustainable, and our growth rates have moderated in most markets. The long-term impact to our business, operations, and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict. For example, our bookings increased 171 from the year ended December 31, 2019 to the year ended December 31, 2020, while our bookings increased 23 from the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2023. O ur revenue, bookings, and user base growth rates have slowed and may continue to slow, and we may not experience any growth in bookings or our user base during periods where we are comparing against historical periods. We believe our overall market acceptance, revenue growth, and increases in bookings depend on a number of factors, some of which are not within our control. There can be no assurance that users will not reduce their usage or engagement with our Platform or reduce their discretionary spending on our Platform, which would adversely impact our revenue and financial condition. If we are unable to continue to maintain the attractiveness of our Platform to developers, creators, and users, they may no longer seek new experiences in our Platform, which would result in decreased market acceptance, fewer bookings, and lower revenue and could harm our operations. 
 We depend on effectively operating with third-party mobile operating systems, hardware, and networks that may make changes affecting our operating costs, as well as our ability to maintain our Platform which would hurt our ability to operate our business. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, 30 of our revenue was attributable to Robux sales through the Apple App Store and 16 of our revenue was attributable to Robux sales through the Google Play Store. Because of the significant use of our Platform on mobile devices, our application must remain interoperable with these and other popular mobile app stores and platforms, and related hardware. We are subject to the standard policies and terms of service of these operating systems, as well as policies and terms of service of the various software application stores that make our application and experiences available to our developers, creators, and users. These policies and terms of service govern the availability, promotion, distribution, content, and operation of applications and experiences on such operating systems and stores. Each provider of these operating systems and stores has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service and policies with respect to our Platform and those changes may be unfavorable to us and our developers , creators , and users use of our Platform. If an operating system provider or application store limits or discontinues access to, or changes the terms governing, its operating system or store for any reason, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Additionally, an operating system provider or application store could also limit or discontinue our access to its operating system or store if it establishes more favorable relationships with one or more of our competitors, launches a competing product itself, or it otherwise determines that it is in its business interests to do so. If competitors control the operating systems and related hardware our application runs on, they could make interoperability of our Platform more difficult or display their competitive offerings more prominently than ours. There is no guarantee that new devices, platforms, systems and software application stores will continue to support our Platform or that we will be able to maintain the same level of service on these new systems. If it becomes more difficult for our users, developers or creators to access and engage with our Platform, our business and user retention, growth, and engagement could be significantly harmed. 
 Similarly, at any time, our operating system providers or application stores can change their policies on how we operate on their operating system or in their application stores by, for example, applying content moderation for applications and advertising or imposing technical or code requirements. These actions by operating system providers or application stores may affect our ability to collect, process, and use data as desired and could negatively impact our ability to leverage data about the experiences our developers create which in turn could impact our resource planning and feature development planning for our Platform. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on third-party distribution channels and third-party payment processors to facilitate purchases by our Platform users. If we are unable to maintain a good relationship with such providers, if their terms and conditions change, or fail to process or ensure the safety of users payments, our business will suffer. 
 Purchases of Robux and other products (e.g., prepaid gift cards) or services on our Platform are facilitated through third-party online distribution channels and third-party payment processors. We utilize these distribution channels, such as Amazon, Apple, Blackhawk, ePay, Google, Incomm, PayPal, Vantiv, Stripe, and Xsolla, to receive cash proceeds from purchases on our Platform. For our experiences accessed through mobile platforms such as the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store, we are required to share a portion of the proceeds from in-game sales with the platform providers. For operations through the Apple App Store and Google Play Store, we are obligated to pay up to 30 of any money paid by users on our Platform to Apple and Google and this amount could increase. These costs are expected to remain a significant operating expense for the foreseeable future. If the amount these platform providers charge increases, it could have a material impact on our ability to pay developers and our results of operations. Each provider of an operating system or application store may also change its fee structure or add fees associated with access to and use of its operating system, which could have an adverse impact on our business. There has been litigation, as well as governmental inquiries over application store fees, and Apple or Google could modify their platform in response to such litigation and inquiries in a manner that may harm us. Any scheduled or unscheduled interruption in the ability of our users to transact with these distribution channels could adversely affect our payment collection and, in turn, our revenue and bookings. 
 Additionally, we do not directly process purchases made on our Platform or the exchange of earned Robux for real-world currency through our Developer Exchange Program. Information on those purchases or exchanges (e.g., debit and credit card numbers and expiration dates, personal information, and billing addresses) is disclosed to the third-party online platform and service providers facilitating purchases or exchanges of Robux for real-world currency by users (such as Vantiv, Stripe, Xsolla, and Tipalti). We do not have control over the security measures of those providers, and their security measures may not be adequate. We could be exposed to litigation and possible liability if our users (including our developers transaction information involving their purchases or exchanges for real-world currency are compromised, which could harm our reputation and our ability to attract users and may materially adversely affect our business. 
 We also rely on the stability of such distribution channels and their payment transmissions, and third-party payment processors, to ensure the continued payment services provided to our users. If any of these providers fail to process or ensure the security of users payments for any reason, our reputation may be damaged and we may lose our paying users and developers interested in our Developer Exchange Program, developers may be discouraged from creating on our Platform, and users may be discouraged from making purchases on our Platform in the future, which, in turn, would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and prospects. 
 In addition, from time to time, we encounter fraudulent use of payment methods, which could impact our results of operations and if not adequately controlled and managed could create negative consumer perceptions of our Platform services. If we are unable to maintain our fraud and chargeback rate at acceptable levels, card networks may impose fines, our card approval rate may be impacted and we may be subject to additional card authentication requirements. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major payment method would significantly impair our ability to operate our business. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies could cause our results of operations to fall below expectations, and changes in our business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. For example, the majority of the virtual items available on our Platform are durable virtual items, which, when acquired, are recognized ratably over the estimated period of time the virtual items are available to the user (estimated to be the average lifetime of a paying user). Every quarter, we complete an assessment of our estimated average lifetime of a paying user, which is used for revenue recognition of durable virtual items and calculated based on historical monthly retention data for each paying user cohort to project future participation on our Platform. We calculate the average historical monthly retention data by determining the weighted average of monthly paying users that have spent time on our Platform. In 2021, our estimated average lifetime of a paying user was 23 months. In the first quarter of 2022, we updated our estimated average lifetime of a paying user from 23 months to 25 months and in the third quarter of 2022 we increased the estimated average lifetime of a paying user from 25 months to 28 months. The estimated average lifetime of a paying user remained at 28 months through the first quarter of 2024. At the onset of the second quarter of 2024, the estimated average lifetime of a paying user decreased to 27 months. Based on the carrying amount of deferred revenue and deferred cost of revenue as of March 31, 2024, the change resulted in an increase in revenue and cost of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 by 26.4 million and 5.4 million, respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 by 85.3 million and 17.8 million, respectively. It is estimated that this change will increase our fiscal year 2024 revenue and cost of revenue by 98.0 million and 20.4 million, respectively. Much of the revenue we report in each quarter is the result of purchases of Robux during previous periods. Consequently, a decline in purchases of Robux in any one quarter will not be fully reflected in our revenue and operating results for that quarter. Any such decline, however, will negatively impact our revenue and operating results in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant near-term downturns in purchases of Robux for a variety of reasons may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. 
 We are subject to state, federal, and international regulations and any changes in such regulations could harm or prevent our ability to operate our Platform in those jurisdictions. 
 The widespread availability of user-generated content is a relatively newer development, and the regulatory framework is new and evolving. We have observed an increased focus on enacting legislation intended to protect minors online and users personally identifiable information, among others. These laws occur at the state, federal and international levels. We must comply with existing and new regulations to operate our business in these jurisdictions and our failure to do so could lead to fines or suspension of our Platform until we are in compliance with these laws. Uncertainty over changes in laws and regulations could adversely affect our ability to operate across demographics and geographies or our developer s ability to monetize their experiences in some geographies. For example, the State of Texas enacted new restrictions on purchasing by minors, including requiring verified parental consent for minors to purchase digital items, including on our Platform. These additional restrictions will likely have an adverse impact on our revenue and bookings in the near term. While any potential reduction in our revenue and bookings from the new regulations in Texas are not expected to be material, additional restrictions on our ability to offer our Platform or users the ability to engage with others on our Platform in other jurisdictions may have a significant adverse impact on our revenue and bookings that we derive from those jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our operating results and our business. 
 We are also subject to content moderation obligations, notice and transparency obligations, advertising restrictions and other requirements on digital platforms to protect consumers and their rights online, and existing and new regulations and policies with respect to privacy, biometrics, data protection, cybersecurity, gambling, loot boxes, intellectual property, consumer protection, ratings, and taxes in addition to protection of minors. Additionally, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC regulates and restricts deceptive or unfair commercial activities, including with relation to targeted advertising. We are subject to regulations with respect to advertising, in particular, advertising to minors, and advertising regulations could differ based on the jurisdiction of our users. We may not be able to implement an advertising model that is compliant with regulations in all jurisdictions in which we operate. These requirements, among others, may increase our moderation and compliance related costs and expenses, reduce the overall use or demand of our Platform, result in modifications or disablement of certain features or changes to the default settings of our Platform, or result in significant injunctive and monetary remedies for violations. 
 Moreover, changes to these laws, regulations, standards, or obligations have required us to, and could in the future require us to change our business model for specific jurisdictions or subsets of our users, take on more onerous obligations, including, but not limited to, applying for government-issued licenses to operate, establishing a local presence in certain jurisdictions, or developing localized product offerings, and impact the functionality of our Platform. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, these laws, regulations, standards, and obligations, could be prohibitively expensive. Furthermore, any inability to adequately address these burdens, would harm our ability to operate our Platform, limit the attractiveness of our Platform, or reduce overall demand for our Platform, which would harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 The success of our business model is contingent upon maintaining a strong reputation and brand, including our ability to provide a safe online environment for our users, many of whom are children, to experience. 
 Our Platform hosts a number of experiences intended for audiences of varying ages, a significant percentage of which are designed to be experienced by children. As a user-generated content platform, it is relatively easy for developers, creators, and users to upload content that can be viewed broadly. Although illicit activities are in violation of our terms and policies, and we attempt to block objectionable material, we are unable to prevent all such violations from occurring. We continue to make significant efforts to provide a safe, civil and enjoyable experience for users of all ages. We invest significant technical and human resources to prevent inappropriate content on our Platform by using a range of tools and policies, including several aimed at reviewing all images, audio, video, and 3D models at the time of upload in order to block inappropriate content before users have a chance to encounter it on our Platform. Notwithstanding our efforts, from time to time, inappropriate content is successfully uploaded onto our Platform and can be viewed by others prior to being identified and removed by us. Moreover, measures intended to make our Platform more attractive to an older, age verified audience, such as less highly moderated or unmoderated chat and the introduction of experiences with mature content, and new methods of communication could fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by its intended audience and may create the perception that our Platform is not safe for younger users. In addition, the introduction of experiences for users who are 17 years of age and older may create the perception that our Platform is not safe for younger users and may cause some operating system providers, application stores, or regulatory agencies to require a higher age rating for our Platform, which could cause us to become less available to younger users and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, children may attempt to evade our age verification system, which could lead them to be exposed to inappropriate content or behavior by participating in experiences that are not age-appropriate or that feature spatial voice chat. While we have introduced experience guidelines that allow developers to label more mature content in their experiences, and are updating our parental controls, users have been from time to time, notwithstanding our efforts, and may continue to be exposed to content that may not be age-appropriate. In addition, as more of our brand partners, developers, and creators offer physical products for sale through our Platform, younger users may be able to purchase products that may not be age-appropriate. Unintentional access to content or physical products could cause harm to our audience and to our reputation of providing a safe environment for younger users. If we are unable to limit, or are perceived as not being able to sufficiently limit, all or substantially all age-inappropriate content and physical products to only users who have been verified as being the appropriate age for such content or goods, then parents and children could lose their trust in the safety of our Platform, which would harm our overall acceptance by these audiences and would likely result in significantly reduced revenue, bookings, profitability, and ultimately, our ability to continue to successfully operate our Platform. 
 In addition to limiting content to age-appropriate audiences and blocking other inappropriate content, we have statutory obligations under U.S. federal law to block or remove child pornography and report offenses to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. While we have dedicated technology and trained human moderator staff that can detect and remove sexual content involving children, there have been instances where such content has been uploaded, and any unforeseen future non-compliance by us or allegations of non-compliance by us with respect to U.S. federal laws on child pornography or the sexual exploitation of children could significantly harm our reputation, create criminal liability, and could be costly and time consuming to address or defend. We may also be subject to additional criminal liability related to child pornography or child sexual exploitation under other domestic and international laws and regulations. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that maintaining, protecting, and enhancing our reputation and brand is critical to grow the number of developers, creators, and users on our Platform, especially given the safe and civil atmosphere that we strive to achieve for our users, many of whom are children. Maintaining, protecting, and enhancing our brand will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide reliable high-quality, engaging, and shared experiences on our Platform. If users, developers, or creators do not perceive our Platform to be reliable or of high quality, the value of our brand could diminish, thereby decreasing the attractiveness of our Platform. Further, we have faced and are currently defending allegations that our Platform has been used by criminal offenders to identify and communicate with children and to possibly entice them to interact off-Platform, outside of the restrictions of our moderated chat, content blockers, and other on-Platform safety measures. While we devote considerable resources to prevent this from occurring, we are unable to prevent all such interactions from taking place. We have also received and expect to continue to receive a high degree of media coverage, alleging the use of our Platform for illicit or objectionable ends. For example, we have experienced negative media publicity from traditional media sources and self-described short seller investors, related to the age of some of our developers, the content that developers produce, our operating metrics and disclosures, the strength of our moderation practices, and the conduct of users on our Platform that may be deemed illicit, explicit, profane, or otherwise objectionable. Additional unfavorable publicity has covered our privacy, cybersecurity or data protection practices, terms of service, product changes, product quality, litigation or regulatory activity, our use of generative AI, the actions of our users, and the actions of our developers or creators whose products are integrated with our Platform. Our reputation and brand could also be negatively affected by the actions of developers, contractors and users that are hostile, inappropriate, or illegal, whether on or off our Platform. Actual or perceived incidents or misuses of user data or other privacy or security incidents, the substance or enforcement of our community standards, the quality, integrity, characterization and age-appropriateness of content shared on our Platform, or the actions of other companies that provide similar services to ours, have and could adversely affect our reputation and lead to scrutiny and inquiries from governments and regulators. Any criminal incidents or allegations involving Roblox, whether or not we are directly responsible, could adversely affect our reputation as a safe place for children and hurt our business. Any negative publicity could create the perception that we do not provide a safe online environment and may have an adverse effect on the size, engagement, and loyalty of our developer, creator, and user community, which would adversely affect our business and financial results. Maintaining, protecting, and enhancing our reputation and brand may require us to make substantial investments, and these investments may not be successful. 
 If we fail to retain users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our Platform, revenue, bookings, and operating results will be harmed. 
 We view DAUs as a critical measure of our user engagement, and adding, maintaining, and engaging users has been and will continue to be necessary to our continued growth. Our DAU growth rate has fluctuated in the past and may slow in the future due to various factors including: the introduction of new or updated experiences or virtual items on our Platform, performance issues with our Platform, the availability of our Platform across markets and user demographics, which may be impacted by regulatory or legal requirements, including the use of verified parental consent, changes to the default settings on our Platform overall or for specific user groups, higher market penetration rates and competition from a variety of entertainment sources for our users and their time. In addition, our strategy seeks to expand the age groups and geographic markets that make up our users. If and when we achieve maximum market penetration rates among any particular user cohort overall and in particular geographic markets, future growth in DAUs will need to come from other age or geographic cohorts, which may be difficult, costly or time consuming for us to achieve. Accessibility to the internet and bandwidth or connectivity limitations as well as regulatory requirements, may also affect our ability to further expand our user base in a variety of geographies. If our DAU growth rate slows or becomes stagnant, or we have a decline in DAUs, or we fail to effectively monetize new or existing users, our financial performance could be significantly harmed. 
 Our business plan assumes that the demand for interactive entertainment offerings will increase for the foreseeable future. However, if this market shrinks or grows more slowly than anticipated or if demand for our Platform does not grow as quickly as we anticipate, whether as a result of competition, product obsolescence, budgetary constraints of our developers, creators, and users, technological changes, unfavorable economic conditions, uncertain geopolitical or regulatory environments or other factors, we may not be able to increase our revenue and bookings sufficiently to ever achieve profitability and our stock price would decline. 
 Moreover, a large number of our users are under the age of 13. This demographic may be less brand loyal and more likely to follow trends, including viral trends, than other demographics. These and other factors may lead users to switch to another entertainment option rapidly, which can interfere with our ability to forecast usage or DAUs and would negatively affect our user retention, growth, and engagement. We also may not be able to penetrate other demographics in a meaningful manner to compensate for the loss of DAUs in this age group. Falling user retention, growth, or engagement rates could seriously harm our business. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 We depend on our developers to create digital content that our users find compelling, and if we fail to properly incentivize our developers and creators to develop and monetize content, our business will suffer . 
 We spend substantial amounts of time and money to research, develop, and enhance versions of our Platform to incorporate additional features, improve functionality or other enhancements and prioritize user safety and security in order to meet the rapidly evolving demands of our developers, creators, and users. Maintaining adequate research and development resources, such as the appropriate personnel and development technology, to meet the demands of the market is essential. Developments and innovations on our Platform may rely on new or evolving technologies which are still in development and may never be fully developed. For instance, use of AI algorithms presents risks associated with developing technologies, which create technical challenges for us to successfully maintain our technology. In addition, the use of AI involves significant technical complexity and requires specialized expertise. This specialized expertise can be difficult and costly to obtain given the increasing industry focus on AI development and competition for talent. 
 Our Platform relies on our developers and creators to create experiences and virtual items on our Platform for our users, and we believe the interactions between and within the developer, creator, and user communities on our Platform create a thriving and organic ecosystem, and this network effect drives our growth. To facilitate and incentivize the creation of experiences and virtual items by developers, our Platform offers developers an opportunity to earn Robux, a virtual currency on our Platform, which, as described in our terms of use, is a license to engage in experiences and/or obtain virtual items. When virtual items are acquired on our Platform, the originating developer or creator earns a portion of the Robux paid for the item. Developers are able to exchange their accumulated earned Robux for real-world currency under certain conditions outlined in our Developer Exchange Program. In addition, we recently announced that we expect to launch paid access experiences where developers can offer access to their experiences to users for a set price in fiat currency and in exchange earn a higher revenue share of these user purchases. While we have millions of developers and creators on our Platform, 48 of engagement hours in experience were spent in the top 50 experiences in the month ending December 31, 2023 and only 526 experiences had engagement hours of 10 million or more in 2023. We continuously review and revise our Platform policies to enhance regulatory compliance and the trust and safety of our Platform. Changes to our Platform policies may reduce the ability of developers to monetize their experience. The loss of any of our top developers could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, and operations. If we fail to provide a sufficient return to developers, they may elect to develop user-generated content on other platforms, which would result in a loss of revenue. 
 Despite our efforts, users, developers, or creators may become dissatisfied with our billing or payment policies, our handling of personal data, or other aspects of our Platform. If we fail to adequately address these or other user, developer, or creator complaints, negative publicity about us or our Platform could diminish confidence in and the use of our Platform. If we do not provide the right technologies, education or financial incentives to our developers and creators, they may develop fewer experiences or virtual items or be unable to or choose not to monetize their experiences, and our users may elect to not participate in the experiences or acquire the virtual items, and, thus, our Platform, revenue, and bookings could be adversely affected. Additionally, if we fail to anticipate developers and creators needs, the quality of the content they create may not attract users to engage with experiences and result in a decline of users on our Platform. When we develop new or enhanced features for our Platform, we typically incur expenses and expend resources upfront to develop, market, promote, and sell new features, and we may not be able to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of these investments. 
 If we are not successful in our efforts to further develop live experiences on our Platform, our business could suffer. 
 We have undergone efforts to further develop the live experiences available on our Platform, such as virtual platform-wide events, concerts, classrooms, and other meeting types, and to offer commercial partners with branding opportunities in conjunction with key events, such as a product launch. There is no guarantee that these efforts will be successful or that users will engage with these experiences. New features or enhancements and changes to the existing features of our Platform, such as these live experiences or virtual reality applications, could fail to attain sufficient market acceptance for many reasons, including failure to predict market demand accurately in terms of functionality and to supply features that meet this demand in a timely fashion; defects, errors, or failures; negative publicity about performance, safety, privacy, or effectiveness; delays in releasing new features or enhancements on our Platform; and introduction or anticipated introduction of competing products by competitors. The failure to obtain market acceptance for these live experiences would negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and brand. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 If we experience outages, constraints, disruptions, or degradations in our services, Platform support and/or technological infrastructure, our ability to provide sufficiently reliable services to our customers and maintain the performance of our Platform could be negatively impacted, which could harm our relationships with our developers, creators, and users, and, consequently, our business. 
 Our users expect fast, reliable, and resilient systems to enhance their experience and support their activity on our Platform, which depends on the continuing operation and availability of our Platform from our global network of data centers controlled and operated by us and our external service providers, including third-party cloud computing services. We also provide services to our developer and creator community through our Platform, including DevForum and Creator Hub for tutorials, hosting, customer service, regulatory compliance, and translation, among many others. The experiences and technologies on our Platform are complex software products and maintaining the sophisticated internal and external technological infrastructure required to reliably deliver these experiences and technologies is expensive and complex. The reliable delivery and stability of our Platform has been, and could in the future be, adversely impacted by outages, disruptions, failures, or degradations in our network and related infrastructure or those of our partners or service providers. 
 We have experienced outages from time to time since our inception when the Platform is unavailable for all or some of our users, developers, and creators, including in October 2024, May 2022, October 2021, and at other times during our history. In addition, there may be times when access to our Platform for users, developers, and creators may be temporarily unavailable or limited. This could be due to proactive actions we take while we provide critical updates or as an unexpected outcome of routine maintenance, which most recently occurred in July 2023. Outages can be caused by a number of factors, including a move to a new technology, the demand on our Platform exceeding the capabilities of our technological infrastructure, delays or failures resulting from natural disasters, manmade disasters, or other catastrophic events, the migration of data among data centers and to third-party hosted environments, a cyber event or act of terrorism, and issues relating to our reliance on third-party software, third-party application stores, and third parties that host our Platform in areas where we do not operate our own data centers. The unavailability of our Platform, particularly if outages should become more frequent or longer in duration, could cause our users to seek other entertainment options, including those provided by our competitors, which may adversely affect our financial results. If we or our partners or third party service providers experience outages and our Platform is unavailable or if our developers, creators, and users are unable to access our Platform within a reasonable amount of time or at all, as a result of any such events, our reputation and brand may be harmed, developer, creator and user engagement with our Platform may be reduced, and our revenue, bookings and profitability could be, and has been in the past, negatively impacted. We may also experience a negative impact to our financial results as a result of decreased usage on our Platform or decrease of payouts to developers and creators. We may not have full redundancy for all of our systems at all times and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by unanticipated technological exploitation used by threat actors and to address all aspects of any unanticipated consequence or incident or allow us to maintain business continuity at profitable levels or at all. Further, in the event of damage or service interruption, our business interruption insurance policies will not adequately compensate us for any losses that we may incur. These factors in turn could further reduce our revenues, subject us to liability, or otherwise harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 In addition to the events described above, our data and our technological infrastructure may also be subject to local and federal administrative actions or regulations, changes to legal or permitting requirements, and litigation that could stop, limit, or delay operations. Despite a reliability program focused on anticipating and solving issues that may impact the availability of our Platform and precautions taken at our data centers, such as disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, the occurrence of spikes in usage volume, the occurrence of a natural disaster, a cyber event or act of terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice, our inability to secure additional or replacement data center capacity as needed, or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could result in interruptions or delays on our Platform, impede our ability to scale our operations or have other adverse impacts upon our business and adversely impact our ability to serve our developers, creators, and users. 
 Customer support personnel and technologies are critical to resolve issues and to allow developers, creators, and users to realize the full benefits that our Platform provides and provide an excellent customer experience. High-quality support is important for the retention of our existing developers, creators, and users and to encourage the expansion of their use of our Platform. We rely on third party service providers to assist in our customer support. Our third party providers, employees, developers or users have been and may in the future be a source of exploitation for bad actors to attempt to compromise our systems and information. If a threat actor is successful in using one or more of our third party service providers, employees, developers, or users to compromise our systems or personal information of our users, it could impact our business and results of operation as well as our reputation. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 We must continue to invest in the infrastructure required to support our Platform. If we do not help our developers, creators, and users quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to maintain and expand our Platform to existing and new developers, creators, and users could suffer. In addition, if we do not make sufficient investments in servers, software or personnel in support of our infrastructure, to scale effectively and accommodate increased demands placed on our infrastructure, the reliability of our underlying infrastructure will be harmed and our ability to provide a quality experience for our developers, creators, and users will be significantly harmed. This would lead to a reduction in the number of developers, creators, and users on our Platform, a reduction in our revenues, bookings, and ability to compete, and our reputation with existing or potential developers, creators, or users could suffer. 
 The lack of comprehensive encryption for communications on our Platform may increase the impact of a security breach or incident. 
 Communications on our Platform are not comprehensively encrypted at this time. As such, any security breach or incident that involves unauthorized access, acquisition, disclosure, or use of communications on our Platform may be particularly impactful to our business. We may experience greater incident response forensics, data recovery, legal fees, and costs of notification related to any such potential incident, and we may face an increased risk of reputational harm, regulatory enforcement, and consumer litigation, which could further harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future business opportunities. 
 If the security of our Platform is compromised, it could compromise our and our developers , creators , and users private information, disrupt our internal operations, and harm public perception of our Platform, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 We collect and store personal data and certain other sensitive and proprietary information in the operation of our business, including developer, creator, user and employee information, and other confidential data. While we have implemented measures designed to prevent unauthorized access to or loss of our confidential data, malware, ransomware, viruses, hacking, social engineering, spam, and phishing attacks have occurred and may occur on our Platform and our systems and those of our third-party service providers again in the future. Because of the popularity of our Platform, we believe that we are an attractive target for these sorts of attacks and have seen the frequency of these types of attacks increase. 
 The techniques used by malicious actors to obtain unauthorized access to, to sabotage, systems or networks, or to utilize our systems maliciously are constantly evolving and generally are not recognized until launched against a target. Consequently, despite the measures we have taken, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, detect or react in a timely manner, or implement preventive measures, which could result in delays in our detection or remediation of, or other responses to, security breaches and other security-related incidents. The use of open source software used in our Platform has exposed us to security vulnerabilities in the past and will likely continue to expose us to security vulnerabilities in the future. For example, in December 2021, a vulnerability in popular logging software, Log4j, was publicly announced, and while we have taken steps to ensure these and similar vulnerabilities have been patched in our systems, we cannot guarantee that all vulnerabilities have been patched in every system upon which we are dependent or that additional critical vulnerabilities of open source software which we rely upon will not be discovered. Our use of AI in our products and business practices may increase or create additional cybersecurity risks, including risks of security breaches and incidents. 
 Our Platform and services operate in conjunction with, and we are dependent upon, third-party products, services, and components. Our ability to monitor our third-party service providers cybersecurity is limited, and in any event, attackers may be able to circumvent our third-party service providers cybersecurity measures. There have been and may continue to be significant attacks on certain of our third-party providers, and we cannot guarantee that our or our third-party providers systems and networks have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our systems and networks or the systems and networks of third parties that support us and our Platform and service. If there is a security vulnerability, error, or other bug in one of these third-party products, services, or components and if there is a security exploit targeting them or even simply the allegation of a vulnerability or security exploit targeting one of these third-party products, services or components, we could face increased costs, claims, liability, reduced revenue, and harm to our reputation or competitive position. We and our service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques, react, remediate, or otherwise address any security vulnerability, breach, or other incident in a timely manner, or implement adequate preventative measures. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 If any unauthorized access to our network, systems or data, including our sensitive and proprietary information, personal data from our users, developers, or creators, or other data, or any other loss or unavailability of, or unauthorized use, modification, disclosure, or other processing of personal data or any other security breach or incident, occurs or is believed to have occurred, whether as a result of third-party action, employee negligence, error or malfeasance, defects, social engineering techniques, ransomware attacks, or otherwise, our reputation, brand and competitive position could be damaged, our and our users , developers and creators data and intellectual property could potentially be lost or compromised, and we could be required to spend capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by such actual or perceived breaches or incidents and remediate our systems. In the past, we have experienced social engineering and phishing attacks, and if similar attacks occur and are successful, this could have a negative impact on our business or result in unfavorable publicity. Additionally, we contract with certain third parties to store and process certain data for us, including our distribution channels, and these third parties face similar risks of actual and potential security breaches and incidents, which could present similar risks to our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We incur significant costs in an effort to detect and prevent security breaches and other security-related incidents, including those to secure our product development, test, evaluation, and deployment activities, and we expect our costs will increase as we make improvements to our systems and processes to prevent future breaches and incidents. The economic costs to us to reduce cyber or other security problems, such as spammers, errors, bugs, flaws, cheating programs, defects or corrupted data, could be significant and may be difficult to anticipate or measure. Even the perception of these issues may cause developers, creators, and users to use our Platform less or stop using it altogether, and the costs could divert our attention and resources, any of which could result in claims, demands, and legal liability to us, regulatory investigations and other proceedings, and otherwise harm our business, reputation, financial condition, or results of operations. There could also be regulatory fines imposed for certain data breaches that take place around the world. Further, certain laws and regulations relating to privacy, biometrics, cybersecurity, and data protection, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), allow for a private right of action, which may lead to consumer litigation for certain data breaches that relate to specified categories of personal information. From time to time, we do identify product vulnerabilities, including through our bug bounty program. Although we have policies and procedures in place designed to swiftly characterize the potential impact of such vulnerabilities and develop appropriate patching or upgrade recommendations and also maintain policies and procedures related to vulnerability scanning and management of our internal corporate systems and networks, such policies and procedures may not be followed or detect every issue, and from time to time, we have, and may in the future again, need to proactively disable access to our Platform in order to provide necessary patching or upgrades. 
 Although we maintain cyber and privacy insurance, subject to applicable deductibles and policy limits, such coverage may not extend to all types of incidents relating to privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity, and it may be insufficient to cover all costs and expenses associated with such incidents. Further, such insurance may not continue to be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all, and insurers may deny us coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. 
 The expansion of our Platform outside the United States exposes us to risks inherent in international operations. 
 We operate our Platform throughout the world and are subject to risks and challenges associated with international business. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, approximately 78 of our DAUs and 36 of our revenue was derived from outside the U.S. and Canada region. We intend to continue to expand internationally, and this expansion is a critical element of our future business strategy. However, as we continue to expand internationally, including into developing countries where consumer discretionary spending is relatively weak, while our DAUs increase, the growth rate of our bookings could decelerate due to weaker spending by users from those regions, and our ABPDAU has been and may continue to be negatively impacted. While we have a number of developers, creators, and users outside of the U.S., we have limited offices located outside of the U.S. and Canada, and there is no guarantee that our international expansion efforts will be successful. The risks and challenges associated with expanding our international presence and operations include: 
 greater difficulty in enforcing contracts and accounts receivable collection, and longer collection periods; 
 higher costs of doing business internationally, including increased accounting, travel, infrastructure, legal and compliance costs; 
 double taxation of our international earnings and potentially adverse tax consequences due to changes in the tax laws of the U.S. or the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate; 
 compliance with multiple, ambiguous, or evolving laws and regulations, including those relating to employment, tax, content regulation, privacy, data protection, anti-corruption, import/export, customs, anti-boycott, sanctions and embargoes, antitrust, data transfer, storage and security, content monitoring, preclusion, and removal, online entertainment offerings, advertising and consumer protection in general, and industry-specific laws and regulations, particularly as these rules apply to interactions with users under the age of 18; 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 expenses related to monitoring and complying with differing labor and employment regulations, especially in jurisdictions where labor and employment laws may be more favorable to employees than in the U.S.; 
 increased exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies in markets where we do business; 
 challenges inherent to efficiently recruiting and retaining qualified employees in foreign countries and maintaining our company culture and employee programs across all of our offices; 
 management communication and integration problems resulting from language or cultural differences and geographic dispersion; 
 the uncertainty of protection for intellectual property in some countries; 
 the uncertainty of our exposure to third-party claims of intellectual property infringement and the availability of statutory safe harbors in some countries; 
 foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned outside the U.S.; 
 risks associated with trade restrictions and foreign legal requirements, and greater risk of unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, tariffs and tax laws, trade laws, and export and other trade restrictions; 
 risks relating to the implementation of exchange controls, including restrictions promulgated by the Office of Foreign Asset Control OFAC ), and other similar trade protection regulations and measures; 
 exposure to regional or global public health issues, and to travel restrictions and other measures undertaken by governments in response to such issues; 
 general economic and political conditions in these foreign markets, including political and economic instability in some countries and regions; 
 localization of our services, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses and the ability to monitor our Platform in new and evolving markets and in different languages to confirm that we maintain standards, including trust and safety standards, consistent with our brand and reputation; 
 regulatory frameworks or business practices favoring local competitors; 
 changes in the perception of our Platform by governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate; 
 uncertainty regarding the imposition of and changes in the U.S. and other governments trade regulations, trade wars, tariffs, other restrictions or other geopolitical events, including, without limitation, the evolving relations between the U.S. and China, evolving relations with Russia due to Russia s invasion of Ukraine, and the conflict in the Middle East stemming from Hamas attack against Israel; and 
 natural disasters, acts of war, and terrorism, and resulting changes to laws and regulations, including changes oriented to protecting local businesses. 
 These and other factors could harm our ability to generate revenue and bookings outside of the U.S. and, consequently, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to expand our business and attract users in international markets and doing so will require considerable management attention and resources. International expansion is subject to the particular challenges of supporting a business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, regulatory systems and commercial infrastructures. We may not be able to offer our Platform in certain countries, and expanding our international focus may subject us to risks that we have not faced before or increase risks that we currently face. For example, in August 2024 we learned that our platform was blocked in Turkey and we are working with the local authorities with the goal of resolving it. 
 If we are unable to successfully grow our user base, compete effectively with other platforms, and further monetize our Platform, our business will suffer. 
 We have made, and are continuing to make, investments to enable our developers and creators to design and build compelling content and deliver it to our users on our Platform. Existing and prospective developers may not be successful in creating content that leads to and maintains user engagement (including maintaining the quality of experiences); they may fail to expand the types of experiences that they can build for users; or our competitors may entice our developers, users and potential users away from, or to spend less time with, our Platform, each of which could adversely affect users interest in our Platform and lead to a loss of revenue opportunities and harm our results of operations. The multitude of other entertainment options, online gaming, and other interactive experiences is high, making it difficult to retain users who are dissatisfied with our Platform and seek other entertainment options. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, we may not succeed in further monetizing our Platform and user base. As a result, our user growth, user engagement, financial performance and ability to grow revenue could be significantly harmed if we fail to increase or maintain DAUs; our user growth outpaces our ability to monetize our users, including if our user growth occurs in markets that are not profitable; we fail to provide the tools and education to our developers and creators to enable them to monetize their experiences and developers do not create engaging or new experiences for users; we fail to increase the overall number of developers and creators on our Platform; we fail to establish a successful advertising model; we fail to increase or maintain the amount of time spent on our Platform, the number of experiences that our users engage with, or the usage of our technology for our developers; we fail to increase the features of our Platform, allowing it to more broadly serve the entertainment, education, communication and business markets; we fail to increase penetration and engagement across all demographics or measures intended to make our Platform more attractive to older-age verified users create the perception that our Platform is not safe for young users; or the experiences on our Platform do not maintain or gain popularity. 
 If we are able to continue to grow, we will need to manage our growth effectively, which could require expanding our internal IT systems, technological operations infrastructure, financial infrastructure, and operating and administrative systems and controls. In addition, we have expended in the past and may in the future expend significant resources to launch new features and changes on our Platform that we are unable to monetize, which may significantly harm our business. Any future growth would add complexity to our organization and require effective coordination across our organization, and an inability to do so would adversely affect our business, financial conditions, and results of operations. 
 We have subscription-based Robux offerings through our Roblox Premium service. Only a small portion of our users regularly purchase Robux compared to all users who use our Platform in any period. While we intend for subscription-based offerings to generate increased recurring revenue from our existing user base, they may cause users to decrease their purchases of Robux and decrease these users overall spend on our Platform. Our ability to continue to attract and retain users of our paid subscription services will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our subscribers with a quality experience. If our users do not perceive these offerings to be of value, or if we introduce new or adjust existing features or pricing in a manner that is not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract and retain subscribers or be able to convince users to become subscribers of such additional service offerings, and we may not be able to increase the amount of recurring revenue from our user base. If users fail to purchase Robux at rates similar to or greater than they have historically and if we fail to attract new paying users, or if our paying users fail to continue interacting with the Platform and purchasing Robux as they increase in age, our revenue will suffer. Subscribers may cancel their subscription to our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, the need to reduce household expenses, competitive services that provide a better value or experience or as a result of changes in pricing. If our efforts to attract and retain subscribers are not successful, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely impacted. 
 Introduction of new technology could harm our business and results of operations. 
 The market for an immersive platform for connection and communication is a new and evolving market characterized by rapid, complex, and disruptive changes in technology and user, developer, and creator demands that could make it difficult for us to effectively compete. The expectations and needs of our users, developers, and creators are constantly evolving. Our future success depends on a variety of factors, including our continued ability to innovate, introduce new products and services efficiently, enhance and integrate our products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, extend our core technology into new applications, and anticipate technological developments. If we are unable to react quickly to new technology trends for example the continued growth of generative AI solutions which disrupts the ways developers create experiences or may disrupt the way users consume virtual goods it may harm our business and results of operation. Further, social and ethical issues relating to the use of new and evolving technologies such as AI in our offerings, may result in reputational harm and liability, and may cause us to incur additional research and development costs to resolve such issues. AI presents emerging ethical issues and if we enable or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability. Failure to address AI ethics issues by us or others in our industry could undermine public confidence in AI. 
 In addition, our use of generative AI in aspects of our Platform may present risks and challenges that could increase as AI solutions become more prevalent. The Roblox Cloud may be relied upon in the future for increasingly complex decision-making as it integrates hardware, accelerated machine learning AI, including generative AI, for a broad range of compute tasks, including control of non-player characters, improved personalization, synthetic content generation, and automation of the player experience. However, AI algorithms may be flawed. Datasets may be insufficient or contain biased information. It is possible that at some point the Roblox Cloud may make decisions unpredictably or autonomously, which can raise new or exacerbate existing ethical, technological, legal, and other challenges, and may negatively affect the performance of the Roblox Platform and the user, developer, and creator experience. These deficiencies and other failures of AI systems could subject us to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Our user metrics and other estimates are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in those metrics may significantly harm and negatively affect our reputation and our business. 
 We regularly review metrics, including our DAUs, Hours Engaged, unique payers, user demographics, and ABPDAU to evaluate growth trends, measure our performance, and make strategic decisions. These metrics are calculated using internal data gathered on an analytics platform that we developed and operate and have not been validated by an independent third party. Our metrics are based on estimates and may also differ from estimates published by third parties or from similarly titled metrics of our competitors due to differences in methodology or underlying assumptions. If our metrics, which are based on estimates, are inaccurate, then investors will have less confidence in our company and our prospects, which could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline, and our reputation and brand could be harmed. 
 These metrics are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates and underlying assumptions for the applicable period of measurement, but there are inherent challenges in measuring how our Platform is used. As a result, the metrics may misstate the number of DAUs, monthly unique payers, average monthly repurchase rate, hours engaged, ABPDAU, and average bookings per monthly unique payer. The methodologies used to measure these metrics require significant judgment and are also susceptible to algorithm or other technical errors. In addition, we are continually seeking to improve our metrics, which are based on estimates, and such metrics may change due to improvements or changes in our methodology or underlying assumptions. We regularly review our processes and assumptions for calculating these metrics, and from time to time we discover inaccuracies in our metrics or make adjustments to improve their accuracy, which can result in our use of updated metrics in a current period and corresponding adjustments to our historical metrics. Our ability to recalculate our historical metrics to reflect any change in methodology of a metric in a current period may be impacted by data limitations, limitations in functionality of and user behaviors on different platforms, or other factors that require us to apply different methodologies for such adjustments over current and historic periods. 
 Additionally, there are users who have multiple accounts, fake user accounts, or fraudulent accounts created by bots to inflate user activity for a particular developer or creator on our Platform, thus making the developer s or creator s experience or other content appear more popular than it really is. Detecting and taking action with respect to such issues requires considerable judgment and is technically challenging. We strive to detect and minimize fraud, the use of bots, and unauthorized use of our Platform, and while these practices are prohibited in our terms of service and we implement measures to detect and suppress that behavior, when we are unsuccessful, our operating results may be negatively affected. Some of our demographic data is also incomplete or inaccurate. For example, because users self-report their dates of birth, our age demographic data may differ from our users actual ages. If our users provide us with incorrect or incomplete information regarding their age or other attributes, then our estimates may prove inaccurate. 
 Errors or inaccuracies in our metrics or data could also result in incorrect business decisions and inefficiencies. For instance, if a significant understatement or overstatement of active users or hours engaged were to occur, we may expend resources to implement unnecessary business measures or fail to take required actions to attract a sufficient number of users to satisfy our growth strategies. If our investors or developers do not perceive our user, geographic, or other demographic metrics to be accurate representations of our user base, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our user, geographic, or other demographic metrics, our reputation may be seriously harmed. Our estimates also may change as our methodologies and Platform evolve, including through the application of new data sets, the introduction of new metrics or technologies, or as our Platform changes with new features and enhancements. Such changes could lead to investor confusion or the perception that our estimates, methodologies and underlying assumptions are unreliable, which could also cause our developers, creators, and brand and other partners to be less willing to allocate their budgets or resources to our Platform, which could seriously harm our business. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on suppliers for certain components of the equipment we use to operate our Platform and any disruption in the availability of these components could delay our ability to expand or increase the capacity of our Platform or replace defective equipment. 
 We rely on suppliers for several components of the equipment we use to operate our Platform. Our reliance on these suppliers exposes us to risks, including reduced control over production costs and constraints based on the current availability, terms, and pricing of these components. While the network equipment and servers we purchase generally are commodity equipment and we believe an alternative supply source for network equipment and servers on substantially similar terms could be identified quickly, our business could be adversely affected until those efforts are completed. In addition, the technology equipment industry has experienced component shortages and delivery delays, and we have and may in the future experience shortages or delays, including as a result of increased demand in the industry, natural disasters, export and import control restrictions, or our suppliers lacking sufficient rights to supply the components in all jurisdictions in which we have data centers and edge data centers that support our Platform. For example, supply chain constraints for servers and other networking equipment required for our operations has resulted and could in the future result in disruptions and delays for these components and the delivery and installation of such components at our data centers and edge data centers. If our supply of certain components is disrupted or delayed, there can be no assurance that additional supplies or components can serve as adequate replacements for the existing components or that supplies will be available on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. Any disruption or delay in the supply of our hardware components may delay the opening of new data centers, edge data centers, co-location facilities or the creation of fully redundant operations, limit capacity expansion, or replacement of defective or obsolete equipment at existing data centers and edge data centers or cause other constraints on our operations that could damage our ability to serve our developers, creators, and users. 
 Some developers, creators, and users on our Platform may make unauthorized, fraudulent, or illegal use of Robux and other digital goods or experiences on our Platform, including through unauthorized third-party websites or cheating programs. 
 Robux and digital goods on our Platform have no monetary value outside of our Platform, but users have made and may in the future make unauthorized, fraudulent, or illegal sales and/or purchases of Robux, other digital goods and Roblox accounts on or off of our Platform, including through unauthorized third-party websites in exchange for real-world currency. For example, some users have made fraudulent use of credit cards owned by others on our Platform to purchase Robux and offer the purchased Robux for sale at a discount on a third-party website. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, total chargebacks to us from all fraud was approximately 3.9 of bookings. 
 While we regularly monitor and screen usage of our Platform with the aim of identifying and preventing these activities, and regularly monitor third-party websites for fraudulent Robux or digital goods offers as well as regularly send cease-and-desist letters to operators of these third-party websites, we are unable to control or stop all unauthorized, fraudulent, or illegal transactions in Robux or other digital goods that occurs on or off of our Platform. Although we are not responsible for such unauthorized, fraudulent, and/or illegal activities conducted by these third parties, our user experience may be adversely affected, and users and/or developers may choose to leave our Platform if these activities are pervasive. These activities may also result in negative publicity, disputes, or even legal claims, and measures we take in response may be expensive, time consuming, and disruptive to our operations. 
 In addition, unauthorized, fraudulent, and/or illegal purchases and/or sales of Robux, Roblox accounts, or other digital goods on or off of our Platform, including through third-party websites, bots, fake accounts, or cheating or malicious programs that enable users to exploit vulnerabilities in the experiences on our Platform or our partners websites and platforms, could reduce our revenue and bookings by, among other things, decreasing revenue from authorized and legitimate transactions, increasing chargebacks from unauthorized credit card transactions, causing us to lose revenue and bookings from dissatisfied users who stop engaging with the experiences on our Platform, or could increase costs that we incur to develop technological measures to curtail unauthorized transactions and other malicious programs, or could reduce other operating metrics. 
 Under our community rules for our Platform, which developers, creators, and users are obligated to comply with, we reserve the right to temporarily or permanently ban individuals for breaching our Terms of Use, including by engaging in any illegal activity on the Platform. We have banned individuals as a result of unauthorized, fraudulent, or illegal use of our Platform, Robux or other digital goods on our Platform. We have also employed technological measures to help detect unauthorized Robux transactions and continue to develop additional methods and processes through which we can identify unauthorized transactions and block such transactions. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts to prevent or minimize these unauthorized, fraudulent, or illegal transactions will be successful. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 We have made and are continuing to make investments in privacy, data protection, user safety, cybersecurity, and content review efforts to combat misuse of our services and user data by third parties, including investigations of individuals we have determined to have attempted to access and, in some cases, have accessed, user data without authorization. Our internal teams also continually monitor and address any unauthorized attempts to access data stored on servers that we own or control or data available to our third-party customer service providers. As a result of these efforts, we have discovered and disclosed, and anticipate that we will continue to discover and disclose, additional incidents of misuse of or unauthorized access of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties. We have taken steps to protect the data that we have access to, but despite these efforts, our security measures, or those of our third-party service providers, could be insufficient or breached as a result of third-party action, malfeasance, employee errors, service provider errors, technological limitations, defects or vulnerabilities in our Platform or otherwise. Additionally, many of our employees and third-party service providers with access to user data currently are and may in the future be working remotely, which may increase our employees or our third-party service providers risk of security breaches or incidents. Moreover, the risk of state-supported and geopolitical-related cyber-attacks may increase with geopolitical events. We have sometimes failed to discover and in the future may not discover all such incidents or activity or be able to respond to or otherwise address them, promptly, in sufficient respects or at all. Such incidents and activities have in the past, and may in the future, involve the use of user data or our systems in a manner inconsistent with our terms, contracts or policies, the existence of false or undesirable user accounts, theft of in-game currency or virtual items in valid user accounts, and activities that threaten people s safety on- or offline. We may also be unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise remediate any such incidents. Any of the foregoing developments, whether actual or perceived, may negatively affect user trust and engagement, harm our reputation and brands, require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business, and adversely affect our business and financial results. Any such developments have and may continue to subject us to future litigation and regulatory inquiries, investigations, and proceedings, including from data protection authorities in countries where we offer services and/or have users, which could subject us to monetary penalties and damages, divert management s time and attention, and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight. 
 We focus our business on our developers, creators, and users, and acting in their interests in the long-term may conflict with the short-term expectations of analysts and investors. 
 A significant part of our business strategy and culture is to focus on long-term growth and developer, creator, and user experience over short-term financial results. We expect our expenses to continue to increase in the future as we broaden our developer, creator, and user community, as developers, creators, and users increase the amount and types of experiences and virtual items they make available on our Platform and the content they consume, as we continue to seek ways to increase payments to our developers and as we develop and further enhance our Platform, expand our technical infrastructure and data centers, and hire additional employees to support our expanding operations. As a result, in the near- and medium-term, we may continue to operate at a loss, or our near- and medium-term profitability may be lower than it would be if our strategy were to maximize near- and medium-term profitability. We expect to continue making significant expenditures to grow our Platform and develop new features, integrations, capabilities, and enhancements to our Platform for the benefit of our developers, creators, and users. We will also be required to invest in our internal IT systems, technological operations infrastructure, financial infrastructure, and operating and administrative systems and controls. Such expenditures may not result in improved business results or profitability over the long-term. If we are ultimately unable to achieve or improve profitability at the level or during the time frame anticipated by securities or industry analysts, investors and our stockholders, the trading price of our Class A common stock may decline. 
 We may require additional capital to meet our financial obligations and support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 
 We intend to continue to make significant investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, improve our Platform and operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses, personnel, and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in additional equity or debt financings. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of our Class A common stock. Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve offering security interests and undertaking restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Recently, the trading prices of technology companies have been highly volatile, which may reduce our ability to access capital on favorable terms or at all. Also, to the extent outstanding additional shares subject to options and warrants to purchase our capital stock are authorized and exercised, there will be further dilution. The amount of dilution could be substantial depending on the size of the issuance or exercise. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be harmed. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 The popularity of our Lua scripting language is a key driver of content creation and engagement with our Platform, and if other programming languages or platforms become more popular with our developers, it may affect engagement with and content creation for our Platform. 
 Roblox experiences are programmed using Lua scripting language on the Roblox Platform. In order to enhance the attractiveness of our Platform to potential developers, we have made the Lua scripting language available without charge. The Lua scripting language permits developers on the Roblox Platform to develop customized add-on features for their own or others use, and we have trained our developers on how to write add-on programs using Lua scripting language. As part of this strategy, we have encouraged the development of an active community of Lua programmers similar to those which have emerged for other software platforms. The widespread use and popularity of our Lua scripting language is critical to creating engaging content on and demand for our Platform. If developers do not find the Lua scripting language or our Platform simple and attractive for developing content or determine that our Lua scripting language or other features of our Platform are undesirable or inferior to other scripting languages or platforms, or Lua scripting language becomes unavailable for use by the developers for any reason, they may shift their resources to developing content on other platforms and our business may be harmed. 
 We rely on Amazon Web Services for a portion of our cloud infrastructure in certain areas, and as a result any disruption of AWS would negatively affect our operations and significantly harm our business. 
 We rely on Amazon Web Services AWS as a third-party provider for a portion of our backend services, including for some of our high-speed databases, scalable object storage, and message queuing services, as well as virtual cloud infrastructure. For location-based support areas, we outsource certain aspects of the infrastructure relating to our cloud-native Platform. As a result, our operations depend, in part, on AWS ability to protect their services against damage or interruption from natural or manmade disasters. Our developers, creators, and users need to be able to access our Platform at any time, without interruption or degradation of performance. Although we have disaster recovery plans that utilize multiple AWS availability zones to support our cloud infrastructure, any incident affecting their infrastructure that may be caused by natural or manmade disasters and other similar events beyond our control, could adversely affect our cloud-native Platform. Any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS could impair our ability to deliver our Platform reliably to our developers, creators, and users. 
 Additionally, if AWS were to experience a hacking attack or another security incident, it could result in unauthorized access to, damage to, disablement or encryption of, use or misuse of, disclosure of, modification of, destruction of, or loss of our data or our developers , creators , and users data or disrupt our ability to provide our Platform or service. A prolonged AWS service disruption affecting our cloud-native Platform for any of the foregoing reasons would adversely impact our ability to serve our users, developers, and creators and could damage our reputation with current and potential users, developers, and creators, expose us to liability, result in substantial costs for remediation, cause us to lose users, developers, and creators, or otherwise harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. and users. We may also incur significant costs for using alternative hosting cloud infrastructure services or taking other actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, events that damage or interfere with the AWS services we use. 
 We have entered into an enterprise agreement with AWS and a supplemental private pricing addendum that will remain in effect until June 2026. In the event that our AWS service agreements are terminated, or there is a lapse of service, elimination of AWS services or features that we utilize, we could experience interruptions in access to our Platform as well as significant delays and additional expense in arranging for or creating new facilities or re-architecting our Platform for deployment on a different cloud infrastructure service provider, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We must continue to attract and retain users, developers, and creators, and highly qualified personnel in very competitive markets to continue to execute on our business strategy and growth plans, and the loss of key personnel or failure to attract and retain users, developers, and creators could significantly harm our business. 
 We compete for users, developers, and creators. We compete to attract and retain our users attention and their engagement hours with other global technology leaders such as Amazon, Apple, Meta Platforms, Google, Microsoft, and Tencent, global entertainment companies such as Comcast, Disney, ViacomCBS, and Warner Bros Discovery, global gaming companies such as Activision Blizzard (now owned by Microsoft), Electronic Arts, Take-Two, Epic Games, Krafton, NetEase, and Valve, online content platforms including Netflix, Spotify, and YouTube, as well as social platforms such as Facebook, TikTok, Instagram, WhatsApp, Pinterest, X (Twitter), Reddit, Discord and Snap. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 We also rely on developers and creators to create the content that leads to and maintains user engagement (including maintaining the quality of experiences). We compete to attract and retain developers and engineering talent with gaming and metaverse platforms such as Epic Games, Unity, Meta Platforms, and Valve Corporation, which also give developers the ability to create or distribute interactive content. We do not have any agreements with our developers that require them to continue to use our Platform for any time period. Some of our developers have developed attractive businesses in developing content, including games, on our Platform. In the future, if we are unable to continue to provide value to these developers and they have alternative methods to publish and commercialize their offerings, they may not continue to provide content to our Platform. Should we fail to provide compelling advantages to continued use of our ecosystem to developers, they may elect to develop content on competing interactive entertainment platforms. If a significant number of our developers no longer provide content, or we fail to increase the number of developers using our Platform, we may experience an overall reduction in the quality of our experiences, which could adversely affect users interest in our Platform and lead to a loss of revenue opportunities and harm our results of operations. 
 We expect competition to continue to increase in the future. Many of our existing competitors have, and some of our potential competitors could have, substantial competitive advantages, such as larger sales and marketing budgets and resources; broader and more established relationships with users, developers, and creators; greater resources to make acquisitions and enter into strategic partnerships; lower labor and research and development costs; larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios; and substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources. 
 Additionally, we depend on the continued services and performance of our Founder, President, CEO and Chair of our Board of Directors, David Baszucki, members of our senior management team, and other key personnel. David Baszucki has been responsible for our strategic vision, and should he stop working for us for any reason, it is unlikely that we would be able to immediately find a suitable replacement. We do not maintain key man life insurance for David Baszucki, and do not believe any amount of key man insurance would allow us to recover from the harm to our business if David Baszucki were to leave the Company for any reason. Similarly, members of our senior management team and other key personnel are highly sought after and others may attempt to encourage these individuals to leave the Company. The loss of one or more of the members of the senior management team or other key personnel for any reason, or the inability to attract new or replacement members of our senior management team, other key personnel, or highly qualified employees could disrupt our operations, create uncertainty among investors, adversely impact employee retention and morale, and significantly harm our business. 
 Our business and results of operations are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 
 As we continue to expand our international operations, we become more exposed to the effects of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We generally collect revenue from our international markets in the local currency. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, approximately 78 our DAUs and 36 of our revenue was derived from outside the U.S. and Canada region. While we periodically adjust the price of Robux to account for the relative value of this local currency to the U.S. dollar, these adjustments are not immediate nor do they typically exactly track the underlying currency fluctuations. As a result, rapid appreciation of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies has harmed and may in the future harm our reported results and cause the revenue derived from our foreign users and overall revenue to decrease. In addition, even if we do adjust the cost of our Robux in foreign markets to fluctuations in the U.S. dollar, such fluctuations could change the costs of purchasing Robux to our users outside of the U.S., which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, or improve our financial performance. 
 We also incur expenses for employee compensation and other operating expenses at our non-U.S. locations in the local currency. Additionally, global events as well as geopolitical developments, including conflict in Europe and inflation have caused, and may in the future cause, global economic uncertainty, and uncertainty about the interest rate environment, which could amplify the volatility of currency fluctuations. Fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies could result in the dollar equivalent of our expenses being higher which may not be offset by additional revenue earned in the local currency. This could impact our reported results of operations. To date, we have not engaged in any hedging strategies and any such strategies, such as forward contracts, options, and foreign exchange swaps related to transaction exposures that we may implement in the future to mitigate this risk may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 We plan to continue to make acquisitions and investments in other companies, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute our stockholders, and significantly harm our business. 
 As part of our business strategy, we have made and intend to make acquisitions and investments to add or access specialized employees and complementary companies, features, and technologies. Our ability to acquire and successfully integrate larger or more complex companies, features, and technologies is unproven. In the future, we may not be able to find other suitable acquisition or investment candidates, and we may not be able to complete acquisitions, investments or similar strategic transactions on favorable terms, if at all. The pursuit of potential acquisitions or investments may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur significant expenses related to identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable targets, whether or not they are consummated. Our previous and future acquisitions and investments may not achieve our goals, and any future acquisitions or investments we complete could be viewed negatively by users, developers, creators, partners, or investors. In addition, if we fail to successfully close transactions or integrate new teams into our corporate culture, or fail to integrate the features and technologies associated with acquisitions or investments, our business could be significantly harmed. Any integration process may require significant time and resources, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully. We may not successfully evaluate or use the acquired products, technology, and personnel, or accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition, including accounting charges which could be recognized as a current period expense. We also may not achieve the anticipated benefits of synergies from the target business, may encounter challenges with incorporating the acquired features and technologies into our Platform while maintaining quality and security standards consistent with our brand, or may fail to identify security vulnerabilities in acquired technology prior to integration with our technology and Platform. We may also incur unanticipated liabilities that we assume as a result of acquiring companies, including claims related to the acquired company, its offerings or technologies or potential violations of applicable law or industry rules and regulations arising from prior or ongoing acts or omissions by the acquired business that were not discovered during diligence. We will pay cash, incur debt, or issue equity securities to pay for any acquisitions or investments, any of which could significantly harm our business. In addition, it generally takes several months after the closing of an acquisition to finalize the purchase price allocation. Therefore, it is possible that our valuation of an acquisition may change and result in unanticipated write-offs or charges, impairment of our goodwill, or a material change to the fair value of the assets and liabilities associated with a particular acquisition, any of which could significantly harm our business. Selling equity to finance any such acquisition would also dilute our stockholders. Incurring debt would increase our fixed obligations and could also include covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. 
 Our acquisition and investment strategy may not succeed if we are unable to remain attractive to target companies or expeditiously close transactions. If we develop a reputation for being a difficult acquirer or having an unfavorable work environment, or if target companies view our Class A common stock unfavorably, we may be unable to consummate key acquisition transactions essential to our corporate strategy and our business may be significantly harmed. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited, each of which could significantly harm our business. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of 2,382.3 million, which do not expire, federal net operating loss carryforwards of 52.2 million, which begin to expire in 2035, state net operating loss carryforwards of 1,261.4 million, which begin to expire in 2024, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of 66.8 million, which begin to expire in 2024. Utilization of our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes may be subject to limitations on utilization or benefit due to the ownership change limitations provided by Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and other similar provisions. All of the 2,382.3 million of federal net operating losses are carried forward indefinitely but the deductibility of these losses is generally limited to 80 of current year taxable income. Our net operating loss carryforwards may also be subject to limitations under state law. If our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes expire before utilization or are subject to limitations, our business and financial results could be harmed. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies may be based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, which could cause our results of operations to fall below expectations of securities analysts and investors. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as described in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the recognition and measurement of certain assets and liabilities and revenue and expenses that is not readily apparent from other sources. In addition to revenue recognition and estimates of the average lifetime of a paying user, our accounting policies that involve judgment include those related to assumptions used for estimating the fair value of common stock to calculate stock-based compensation, capitalization of internal-use software costs, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, certain accrued liabilities, and valuation allowances associated with income taxes. If our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, our results of operations could be adversely affected, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our results of operations may be harmed if we are required to collect sales, value added, or other similar taxes for the purchase of our virtual currency, or for the sale of content between our developers, creators, and users. 
 Although we, either directly or through our third-party distribution channels, collect and remit taxes from users in certain countries and regions on the sale of our virtual currency, there are some jurisdictions in which we operate where we do not currently collect taxes from users. The application of tax laws pertaining to the collection of sales, value added, and similar taxes to e-commerce businesses, such as ours, is a complex and evolving area. For example, many countries have recently enacted tax laws that require non-resident providers to register for and levy value added taxes on electronically provided services to such country s residents. This would require us to calculate, collect, and remit value added taxes in some jurisdictions, even if we have no physical presence in such jurisdictions. Further, we may need to invest substantial amounts to modify our solutions or our business model to be able to collect and remit sales, value added, or similar taxes under such tax laws in the future. 
 Further, many jurisdictions have also adopted or are considering adopting marketplace facilitator laws that shift the burden of tax collection to online marketplaces. If we are characterized as a marketplace facilitator for the sale of content between our developers, creators, and users, we may need to invest substantial amounts to modify our solutions or business model to be able to meet any reporting and collection obligations with respect to sales, value added, or similar taxes. A successful assertion by a jurisdiction that we should have been or should be collecting additional sales, value added, or other taxes for the sale of content between our developers, creators, and users, could, among other things, result in substantial tax payments, create significant administrative burdens for us, discourage potential users, developers, or creators from subscribing to our Platform, or otherwise harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We may not realize the benefits expected through our China joint venture. 
 In February 2019, we entered into a joint venture agreement with Songhua River Investment Limited, referred to as Songhua, an affiliate of Tencent Holdings Ltd. Tencent Holdings ), under which we created Roblox China Holding Corp (the China JV ), of which we own a 51 ownership interest. Through a wholly-owned subsidiary based in Shenzhen, branded as Luobu, the China JV is engaged in the development, localization, and licensing to Chinese creators of a Chinese version of Roblox Studio. Luobu also develops and oversees relations with local Chinese developers and helps them build and publish experiences and content for our global Platform. In December 2020, Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co. Ltd Tencent ), received a required publishing license from the Chinese government, which enabled Tencent to publish a localized version of the Roblox Client as a game in China under the name Luobulesi. The license could be withdrawn if Tencent fails to comply with applicable existing or future regulations. Such withdrawal could significantly impair or eliminate the ability to publish and operate Luobulesi in China. The Luobulesi app is not currently available to users in China while we and Tencent build the next version of Luobulesi. 
 Tensions between the U.S. and China have resulted in trade restrictions that could harm our ability to participate in Chinese markets and numerous additional such restrictions have been threatened by both countries. Sustained uncertainty about, or worsening of, current global economic conditions and further escalation of trade tensions between the U.S. and China could result in a global economic slowdown and long-term changes to global trade, including retaliatory trade restrictions that could restrict our ability to participate in the China JV. We may find it difficult or impossible to comply with these or other conflicting regulations in the U.S. and China, which could make it difficult or impossible to achieve our business objectives in China or realize a return on our investment in this market. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Relations may also be compromised if the U.S. pressures the Chinese government regarding its monetary, economic, or social policies. Changes in political conditions in China and changes in the state of China-U.S. relations are difficult to predict and could adversely affect the operations or financial condition of the China JV. In addition, because of our proposed involvement in the Chinese market, any deterioration in political or trade relations might result in our products being perceived as less attractive in the U.S. or elsewhere. The Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S. CFIUS has continued to apply a more stringent review of certain foreign investment in U.S. companies, including investment by Chinese entities, and has made inquiries to us with respect to Tencent Holding s equity investment in us and involvement in the China JV. We cannot predict what effect any further inquiry by CFIUS into our relationship with Tencent and Tencent Holdings or changes in China-U.S. relations overall may have on our ability to effectively support the China JV or on the operations or success of the China JV. 
 The Chinese economic, legal, and political landscape also differs from other countries in many respects, including the level of government involvement and regulation, control of foreign exchange, and uncertainty regarding the practical enforceability of intellectual property rights. The laws, regulations and legal requirements in China are also subject to frequent changes and the exact obligations under and enforcement of laws and regulations are often subject to unpublished internal government interpretations and policies which makes it challenging to ascertain compliance with such laws. We may incur increased operating expenses related to cybersecurity and data protection in China, including with respect to access to Chinese user data and confidential company information as well as any network interconnections and cross border system integrations. 
 In addition to market and regulatory factors, any future success of the China JV will require a collaborative effort with Tencent to build and operate Luobu and Luobulesi as together, they will form the exclusive basis for growing our penetration in the China market. In addition, upon the occurrence of certain events, such as a termination of certain of the contractual relationships applicable to Luobu, a change of control of us, or the acquisition of 20 of our outstanding securities by certain specified Chinese industry participants, we may be required to purchase Songhua s interest in the China JV at a fair market value determined at the time of such purchase. Any future requirement to purchase the interest in China JV from Songhua may have a material adverse effect upon our liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations both as a result of the purchase of such interests and the fact that we would need to identify and partner with an alternative Chinese partner in order for operations to continue in the China market. 
 
 Risks Related to Government Regulations 
 We are subject to laws and regulations worldwide, many of which are unsettled and still developing, which could increase our costs or adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to a variety of laws in the U.S. and abroad that affect our business. As a global Platform with users in over 180 countries, we are subject to a myriad of regulations and laws regarding consumer protection, the use of prepaid cards, subscriptions, advertising, electronic marketing, protection of minors, including the use of verified parental consent, privacy, biometrics, cybersecurity, data protection and data localization requirements, AI, online services, online gaming, consumer protection, anti-competition, freedom of speech, labor, real estate, taxation, escheatment, intellectual property ownership and infringement, tax, export and national security, tariffs, anti-corruption, campaign finance and telecommunications, all of which are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly laws outside the U.S., and compliance with laws, regulations and similar requirements may be burdensome and expensive. Laws and regulations are inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, which increases the cost of compliance and doing business and exposes us to possible litigation, penalties or fines. Any such costs, which may rise in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation, could make our Platform less attractive to our users, developers, or creators or cause us to change or limit our ability to sell our Platform. We have policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but we cannot assure you that we will not experience violations of such laws and regulations or our policies and procedures. 
 In addition, there are ongoing academic, political, and regulatory discussions in the U.S., Canada, Europe, United Kingdom, Australia, and other jurisdictions regarding whether certain mechanisms that may be included in the experiences on our Platform, such as features commonly referred to as loot boxes, and certain genres of experiences, such as social casino, that may reward gambling, should be subject to a higher level or different type of regulation than other genres of experiences to protect consumers, in particular minors and persons susceptible to addiction, and, if so, what such regulation should include. In July 2022, Spanish gambling regulators introduced a bill aimed at prohibiting minors from accessing loot boxes , which if passed, may require us to limit the availability of certain features in Spain. In Australia, beginning in September 2024, gaming content containing loot boxes will require a mature age rating (age 15+). As experiences are required to increase their age rating for certain content, our Platform may become less attractive for the younger users. In addition, the introduction of experiences for users who are 17 and older may cause regulatory agencies to require a higher age rating for our Platform, in general which could cause us to become less attractive to younger users and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Other countries may adopt similar rules, which may have a negative impact on our revenue. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Also, new regulations by the U.S. federal government, such as the proposed Kids Online Safety Act, and its agencies, such as the FTC, state agencies or foreign jurisdictions, which have and may continue to vary significantly, have required and could in the future require that certain content in the experiences on our Platform be modified or removed and default settings of our Platform be changed, increase the costs of operating or monitoring the experiences on our Platform, impact user engagement and thus the functionality and effectiveness of our Platform or otherwise harm our business performance. It is difficult to predict how existing or new laws may be applied. If we become liable, directly or indirectly, under these laws or regulations, we could be harmed, and we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to modify our Platform, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could harm our reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our business. Any costs incurred as a result of this potential liability could harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Governmental agencies in any of the countries in which we, our users, developers, or creators are located from time to time have sought and continue to seek to and could in the future seek to block access to, impose restrictions on, or require a license for our Platform, our website, operating system platforms, application stores or the internet generally for a number of reasons, including cybersecurity, privacy, data protection, confidentiality, or regulatory concerns which have included and continue to include, among other things, governmental restrictions on certain content in a particular country, requirements to establish a local presence in a particular jurisdiction, and a requirement that user information be stored on servers in a country within which we operate. Moreover, the adoption of any laws or regulations adversely affecting the growth, popularity or use of the internet, including laws impacting Internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our Platform and increase our operating costs. The legislative and regulatory landscape regarding the regulation of the internet and, in particular, internet neutrality, in the U.S and internationally is subject to uncertainty. Governmental agencies could issue fines or penalties if there are instances where we are found not to have been in compliance with regulations in any of these areas. Users generally need to access the internet, including in geographically diverse areas, and also mobile platforms such as the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store, to engage with experiences on our Platform. If governmental or other entities block, limit or otherwise restrict developers, creators, and users from accessing our Platform, or users from engaging with experiences on our Platform, we may need to take on more onerous obligations, limit the functionality of our Platform, and/or establish certain local entities, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations or subject us to additional fines and penalties. 
 Because we store, process, and use data, some of which contains personal information, we are subject to complex and evolving federal, state, and international laws and regulations regarding privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in investigations, claims, changes to our business practices, increased cost of operations, and declines in user growth, retention, or engagement, any of which could significantly harm our business. 
 We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries that involve matters central to our business, including privacy, cybersecurity, and data protection. The regulatory frameworks for these matters worldwide are rapidly evolving and are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. 
 Certain privacy, biometrics, cybersecurity, and data protection laws and regulations have placed and will continue to place significant privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity obligations on organizations such as ours and may require us to continue to change our policies and procedures. For example, the European Union s EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR imposes stringent data protection requirements regarding EU personal data, and its provisions include increasing the maximum level of fines that EU regulators may impose for the most serious breaches of noncompliance of 20 million or 4 of annual global revenues of the previous year, whichever is greater. Such fines would be in addition to (i) the rights of individuals to sue for damages in respect of any data privacy breach which causes them to suffer harm, (ii) the right of individual member states to impose additional sanctions over and above the administrative fines specified in the GDPR, and (iii) the ability of supervisory authorities to impose orders requiring companies to modify their practices. If we are found not to be compliant with GDPR or similar requirements, including obligations to comply with data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the European Economic Area EEA ), Switzerland, and the United Kingdom U.K. to the U.S., we may be subject to significant fines and the risk of civil litigation. 
 The United Kingdom maintains the Data Protection Act of 2018 and the UK GDPR, which collectively implement and complement the GDPR and provide for penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of 17.5 million or 4 of annual global revenues of the previous year. On June 28, 2021, the European Commission announced a decision of adequacy concluding that the United Kingdom ensures an equivalent level of data protection to the GDPR, which provides some relief regarding the legality of continued personal data flows from the EEA to the U.K. Such adequacy decision must, however, be renewed after four years and may be modified or revoked in the interim. We cannot fully predict how the Data Protection Act, the UK GDPR and other United Kingdom data protection laws or regulations may develop in the medium to longer term, nor the effects of divergent laws and guidance regarding how data transfers to and from the United Kingdom will be regulated. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, various local, national, and foreign laws and regulations apply to our operations, including the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act COPPA ), in the U.S., Article 8 of the GDPR and similar regulations in other jurisdictions. COPPA imposes strict requirements on operators of websites or online services directed to children under 13 years of age (or 16 years of age under other regulatory regimes). 39 of our DAUs were under the age of 13 during the three months ended September 30, 2024. COPPA requires companies to obtain verifiable parental consent before collecting personal information from children under the age of 13. Both the U.S. federal government and the states can enforce COPPA and violations of COPPA can lead to significant fines. The FTC has proposed substantial changes to its rules implementing COPPA that, if finalized, would place significant new requirements on covered companies. No assurances can be given that our compliance efforts will be sufficient to avoid allegations of COPPA violations, and any non-compliance or allegations of non-compliance could expose us to significant liability, penalties and loss of revenue, significantly harm our reputation, and could be costly and time consuming to address or defend. To the extent we rely on consent for processing personal data under the GDPR, consent or authorization from the holder of parental responsibility is required in certain cases for the processing of personal data of children under the age of 16, and member states may enact laws that lower that age to 13. Additionally, in certain jurisdictions the law may allow minors to disaffirm their contracts, including our Terms of Use. If minors on our Platform are able to avoid enforcement of our Terms of Use under applicable law, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. 
 We continue to monitor updated guidance from the United Kingdom s Information Commissioner Office ICO on the Age Appropriate Design Code AADC ), which focuses on online safety and protection of children s privacy online. The AADC became effective September 2, 2021, and noncompliance with the AADC may result in audits or other proceedings by the ICO, the regulatory body set up to uphold information rights in the United Kingdom, and other regulators in the EEA or Switzerland, as noncompliance with the AADC may indicate noncompliance with applicable data protection law. Further, the United Kingdom Online Safety Act OSA was enacted in October 2023 and will gradually be implemented as Ofcom publishes its guidance and codes of practice. The OSA introduces, among other things, duties to protect children online, complete risk assessments, and remove illegal content. Noncompliance with the OSA could lead to fines of up to 18 million or 10 of global revenues of the previous year and possible criminal liability on senior managers and company officers, particularly if they fail to safeguard children online. We are also monitoring developments with the EU s Digital Services Act DSA ), which became fully applicable on February 17, 2024. The DSA imposes new content moderation obligations, notice and transparency obligations, advertising restrictions and other requirements on digital platforms to protect consumers and their rights online. Noncompliance with the DSA could result in fines of up to 6 of annual global revenues, which are in addition to the ability of civil society organizations and non-governmental organizations to lodge class action lawsuits. We may incur liabilities, expenses, costs, and other operational losses under the GDPR and laws and regulations of applicable EU Member States and the United Kingdom relating to privacy, cybersecurity, and data protection in connection with any measures we take to comply with them. 
 Other jurisdictions have adopted laws and regulations addressing privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity, many of which share similarities with the GDPR. For example, Law no. 13.709/2018 of Brazil, the Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoais or LGPD, entered into effect on September 18, 2020, authorizing a private right of action for violations. Penalties may include fines of up to 2 of the organization s revenue in Brazil in the previous year or 50M reais (approximately 9.5 million U.S. dollars). The LGPD applies to businesses (both inside and outside Brazil) that process the personal data of users who are located in Brazil. The LGPD provides users with the similar rights as the GDPR regarding their data. A Brazilian Data Protection Authority, Brazilian National Data Protection Authority (Autoridade Nacional de Prote o de Dados) has been established to provide rules and guidance on how to interpret and implement the LGPD s requirements, including regarding notice of processing, data transfer requirements, and other compliance obligations, such as security measures, recordkeeping, training, and governance. Additionally, the Personal Information Protection Law, PIPL of the People s Republic of China PRC ), was adopted on August 20, 2021, and went into effect on November 1, 2021. The PIPL shares similarities with the GDPR, including extraterritorial application, data minimization, data localization, and purpose limitation requirements, and obligations to provide certain notices and rights to citizens of the PRC. The PIPL allows for fines of up to 50 million renminbi or 5 of a covered company s revenue in the prior year. Our approach with respect to regimes such as the LGPD, PIPL, and other foreign legislation may be subject to further evaluation and change, our compliance measures may not be fully adequate and may require modification, we may expend significant time and cost in developing and maintaining a privacy governance program, data transfer or localization mechanisms, or other processes or measures to comply with such regimes, and any implementing regulations or guidance under these regimes, and we may potentially face claims, litigation, investigations, or other proceedings or liability regarding such regimes and may incur liabilities, expenses, costs, and other operational losses under such regimes and any measures we take to comply with them. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, the CCPA, which established a new privacy framework for covered businesses such as ours, went into effect in January 2020, requiring us to modify our data processing practices and policies and incur compliance related costs and expenses. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches, which may increase the likelihood and cost of data breach litigation. The CCPA was significantly modified and supplemented by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which was approved in November 2020. The CPRA went into effect on January 1, 2023 and, among other things, gives California residents the ability to limit the use of their sensitive information, provides for penalties for CPRA violations concerning California residents under the age of 16, and establishes a new agency to implement and enforce the law. Further, the CCPA has prompted similar legislative developments in other states in the U.S., including laws enacted in Virginia, Colorado, Utah, Connecticut, Florida, Iowa, Indiana, Montana, Tennessee, Oregon, Delaware, Texas, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Kentucky, Maryland, Nebraska, Rhode Island and Minnesota. These developments create the potential for a patchwork of overlapping but different state laws. Other states, including California, Utah and Arkansas, have passed legislation imposing substantial new obligations upon companies that offer online services, products, or features likely to be accessed by children 17 years of age or under, or certain types of social media and digital services, respectively. The California legislation includes certain requirements and principles from the AADC including, among other things, data protection impact assessments and the implementation of privacy by design. The laws in Utah, Florida, and Arkansas impose new restrictions and obligations in connection with users who are, or are deemed to be, under 18, including access restrictions and restrictions on abilities for minors to create accounts. Many states have also passed their own laws that require verifiable parental consent before allowing children to create an account or impact companies that process children s personal data. In June 2024, the New York governor signed a bill into law that prohibits covered social media companies from providing individuals under 18 with addictive feeds, as a significant part of their services and imposes obligations on such companies that prohibits the collection, use, sharing, and sale personal data of individuals under 18 unless it is strictly necessary, or where informed consent is obtained. Some countries also are considering or have passed legislation requiring local storage and processing of data, or similar requirements, which could increase the cost and complexity of operating our products and services and other aspects of our business. The impact of these recent regulations and potential future regulations related to privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, and related matters, such as age verification, are far-reaching, create a patchwork of overlapping but different laws, and have required and may continue to require us to, modify practices, policies, features and Platform defaults, incur substantial costs and expenses, and at times restrict our operations. Additionally, requirements for verified parental consent before allowing children to create an account may limit the use of our Platform or reduce our overall demand for our Platform, which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We believe we take reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and other legal obligations and certain industry codes of conduct relating to privacy, cybersecurity, and data protection. However, it is possible that the obligations imposed on us by applicable laws and regulations, industry codes of conduct or other actual or asserted obligations relating to privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, or related matters, may be interpreted and applied in inconsistent manners and may conflict with other rules or our practices in certain jurisdictions. Additionally, due to the nature of our service, we are unable to maintain complete control over cybersecurity or the implementation of measures that reduce the risk of a security breach or incident. For example, our customers may accidentally disclose their passwords or store them on a mobile device that is SIM swapped, lost, or stolen, creating the perception that our systems are not secure against third-party access. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our obligations to users or other third parties relating to privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, or related matters, or our other policies or actual or asserted obligations relating to privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, or related matters, or any actual or perceived compromise of security, including any such compromise that results in the unauthorized loss, unavailability, modification, release, transfer, or other processing of personal information or other user, developer or creator data, may result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, litigation, claims or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our developers, creators, and users to lose trust in us, any or all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Legal and regulatory restrictions on virtual currencies like Robux may adversely affect our Platform, experiences, and virtual items on our Platform, which may negatively impact our revenue, bookings, business, and reputation. 
 The regulations that apply to virtual currencies in the jurisdictions in which we operate are subject to change. It is possible that regulators in the U.S. or elsewhere may take regulatory actions in the future that restrict our ability to license Robux, allow users to acquire or use other digital goods available on our Platform, or that prohibit developers or creators on our Platform from earning Robux. We also make prepaid gift cards available for sale internationally that may be used to redeem Robux, and regulators may impose restrictions or bans on the sale of such prepaid gift cards. Any such restrictions or prohibitions may adversely affect our Platform, business, revenue, and bookings. In the United States, the SEC, its staff, and similar state regulators have deemed certain virtual currencies to be securities subject to regulation under the federal and state securities laws. While we do not consider Robux to be a security, if Robux were subject to the federal or state securities laws of the U.S., we may be required to redesign our Platform considerably, in a manner that would be disruptive to operations and costly to implement, which may threaten the viability of the Platform. We may also be subject to enforcement or other regulatory actions by federal or state regulators, as well as private litigation, which could be costly to resolve. For example, some existing laws regarding the regulation of currency, money transmitters and other financial institutions, and unclaimed property have been interpreted to cover virtual currencies, like Robux. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 The increased use of interactive entertainment offerings like ours by consumers, including younger consumers, have prompted and may continue to prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws and regulations throughout the world that may impose additional burdens on companies such as ours making virtual currencies like Robux available for sale. The U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB has announced that it is monitoring business practices in video gaming marketplaces and gaming currencies for compliance with federal consumer financial protection laws. Increased regulatory scrutiny may increase compliance obligations and require us to devote legal and other resources and make changes to our Platform to address such regulation, which may negatively impact our revenue and profitability. Any inability, or perceived inability, to comply with existing or new compliance obligations issued by the CFPB or any other regulatory authority could lead to regulatory investigations, or result in administrative or enforcement action, such as fines, penalties, and/or enforceable undertakings and adversely affect us and our results of operations. 
 Although we have structured Robux, as well as our sales of other digital goods and prepaid cards on our Platform, with applicable laws and regulations in mind, including applicable laws relating to money laundering and money transmission services, and believe we are in compliance with all applicable laws, it is possible that a relevant regulator may disagree, which could expose us to penalties. If a relevant regulator disagreed with our analysis of and compliance with applicable laws, we may be required to seek licenses, authorizations, or approvals from those regulators, which may be dependent on us meeting certain capital and other requirements and may subject us to additional regulation and oversight, all of which could significantly increase our operating costs. 
 Regulatory scrutiny, changes in current laws or regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the U.S. or elsewhere that prohibit us from making Robux available on our Platform would require us to make significant changes to our Platform, which would materially impair our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 We are subject to various governmental export control, trade sanctions, and import laws and regulations that require our compliance and may subject us to liability if we violate these controls. 
 In some cases, our software and experiences are subject to export control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce and trade and economic sanctions, including those administered by OFAC, which we collectively refer to as Trade Control Laws and Regulations. Thus, we are subject to laws and regulations that could limit our ability to offer access or full access to our Platform and experiences to certain persons and in certain countries or territories. For example, certain U.S. laws and regulations administered and enforced by OFAC, may limit our ability to give certain users, developers, and creators access to aspects of our Platform and experiences. Trade Control Laws and Regulations are complex and dynamic, and monitoring and ensuring compliance can be challenging. In addition, we rely on our payment processors for compliance with certain of these Trade Control Laws and Regulations, including preventing paid activity by users, developers, and creators that attempt to access our Platform from various jurisdictions comprehensively sanctioned by OFAC, including Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and sanctioned regions of Ukraine. Users, developers, and creators from certain of these countries and territories have access to our Platform and experiences and there can be no guarantee we will be found to have been in full compliance with Trade Control Laws and Regulations during all relevant periods. Users, developers, and creators from certain of these countries and territories have access to our Platform and experiences and there can be no guarantee we will be found to have been in full compliance with Trade Control Laws and Regulations during all relevant periods. Any failure by us or our payment processors to comply with the Trade Control Laws and Regulations may lead to violations of the Trade Control Laws and Regulations that could expose us to liability. Additionally, following Russia s invasion of Ukraine, the United States and other countries imposed certain economic sanctions and severe export control restrictions against Russia and Belarus and have continued to strengthen these controls. These countries could impose even broader sanctions and additional export restrictions or take other actions that could impact our business. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have negative consequences for us, including reputational harm, government investigations, and monetary penalties. 
 In addition, various foreign governments may also impose controls, export license requirements, and/or restrictions applicable to our Platform and experiences. Compliance with such applicable regulatory requirements may create delays in the introduction of our Platform in some international markets or prevent certain international users from accessing our Platform. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, results of operations or financial conditions. 
 We are subject to tax laws, regulations, and policies of several taxing jurisdictions. Changes in tax laws, as well as other factors, could cause us to experience fluctuations in our tax liability and reporting obligations and effective tax rates and otherwise adversely affect our tax positions, cost of compliance, and/or our tax liabilities. Certain jurisdictions, such as Canada, the United Kingdom and France, have recently enacted or have proposed to enact a digital services tax on certain digital revenue streams. Other jurisdictions, such as Brazil, have proposed indirect tax reform which may impose value added tax on the sales of electronically supplied services. Such laws and other attempts to impose taxes on e-commerce activities would likely increase the cost to us of operating our business, discourage potential customers from subscribing to our Platform, or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial conditions. In addition, the E.U. s Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation (referred to as DAC7 ), which implements new digital platform reporting rules, may require us to modify our data processing and reporting practices and policies, which may cause us to incur substantial costs and expenses to comply. 
 Finally, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development has proposed the Pillar One framework as part of the OECD/G20 Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project, which would revise existing profit allocation and nexus rules to require profit allocation based on location of sales versus physical presence for certain large multinational businesses, but if implemented, could result in the removal of unilateral digital services tax initiatives described above. Any developments or changes in federal, state, or international tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our compliance costs, effective tax rate, and our operating results. 
 We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, and anti-money laundering laws, and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal or civil liability and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.S. domestic bribery laws, the UK Bribery Act and other anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees, agents, representatives, business partners, and third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector in order to influence official action, direct business to any person, gain any improper advantage, or obtain or retain business. These laws also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. 
 With regard to our international business, we have engaged with business partners and third-party intermediaries to market our solutions and obtain necessary permits, licenses, and other regulatory approvals. We or our employees, agents, representatives, business partners or third-party intermediaries have had direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, agents, representatives, business partners or third-party intermediaries, even if we do not authorize such activities and notwithstanding having policies, training, and procedures to address compliance with these laws, we cannot assure you that no violations of our policies or these laws will occur. 
 Detecting, investigating, and resolving actual or alleged violations of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and anti-money laundering laws can require a significant diversion of time, resources, and attention from senior management, as well as significant defense costs and other professional fees. In addition, noncompliance with these laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, other civil or criminal penalties or injunctions against us, our officers, or our employees, disgorgement of profits, suspension or debarment from contracting with the U.S. government or other persons, reputational harm, adverse media coverage, and other collateral consequences. If any subpoenas or investigations are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal proceeding, our reputation, business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations and the price of our Class A common stock could be harmed. Responding to any investigation or action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 We may incur liability as a result of content published using our Platform or as a result of claims related to content generated by our developers, creators, and users, including copyright infringement, and legislation regulating content on our Platform may require us to change our Platform or business practices. 
 Our success relies in part on the ability of developers and creators to drive engagement with content that is challenging, engaging, fun, interesting, and novel. Developers and creators are responsible for clearing the rights to all of the content they upload to our service or physical goods that they make available for sale, but some developers or creators may upload content or link goods that infringes the rights or violates the terms of use of third parties in violation of our Terms of Use. We rely upon legal protections in various jurisdictions to protect us from claims of monetary damages for content that is uploaded to and stored on our system at the direction of our users, or counterfeit goods and copyright-infringing material made available for sale, but those protections may change or disappear over time, increasing our exposure for claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement. If we should lose or fail to qualify for statutory or other legal protections that immunize us from monetary damages for intellectual property infringement, the damages could be significant and have a material impact on our business. While we have implemented measures designed to limit our exposure to claims of intellectual property infringement, intellectual property owners may allege that we failed to take appropriate measures to prevent infringing activities on our systems, that we turned a blind eye to infringement, or that we facilitated, induced or contributed to infringement. 
 Even though we are not required to monitor uploaded content for copyright infringement in the U.S., we have chosen to do so through the services of a third-party audio monitoring service. We now monitor all uploaded sound recordings to exclude recordings owned or controlled by the major record labels and any other record labels who provide their music to the third-party audio monitoring service. These record labels register certain of their content with our service provider. When audio is uploaded to our Platform, we check the service provider s system to exclude recordings owned or controlled by these record labels from being published on our Platform. If our monitoring proves ineffective or we cease to rely upon a third-party monitoring service to exclude certain content from our Platform, our risk of liability may increase. 
 In the past, certain record companies and music publishers, either directly or through their authorized representatives, claimed that we are subject to liability for allegedly infringing content that was uploaded and may continue to exist on our Platform. We vigorously disputed such claims of infringement by such labels and publishers and reached settlements. However, we could be subject to additional claims in the future. An adverse judgment against us in any such lawsuit could require us to settle any claims for an undetermined amount which could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 We may also be required to enter into license agreements with various licensors, including record labels, music publishers, performing rights organizations, and collective management organizations, to obtain licenses that authorize the storage and use of content uploaded by our users. We may not be able to develop technological solutions to comply with these license agreements on economically reasonable terms and there is no guarantee that we will be able to enter into agreements with all relevant rights holders on terms that we deem reasonable. Compliance may therefore negatively impact our financial prospects. 
 The EU enacted copyright laws such as the Copyright Directive that came into effect on June 6, 2019, that may require us to use best efforts in accordance with the high industry standards of professional diligence to exclude infringing content from our Platform that may be uploaded by our users. In addition, the monitoring and reporting obligations of the DSA may apply also with respect to copyright infringements that would fall outside the scope of the Copyright Directive. 
 On May 21, 2024, the Council of the European Union approved the latest draft of the Artificial Intelligence Act (the AI Act which was published in the Official Journal of the EU on July 12, 2024. The AI Act proposes a framework of prohibitions as well as disclosure, transparency and other regulatory obligations based on various levels of risk for businesses introducing AI systems in the EU. Once the AI Act becomes effective, certain provisions could require us to alter or restrict our use of AI both in features or products available to our users and in our systems that interact with our users, depending on respective levels of risk-categorization, types of systems, and manner of use, under the AI Act. The AI Act also may require us to comply with monitoring and reporting requirements. As a result, we may need to devote substantial time and resources to evaluate our obligations under the AI Act and to develop and execute a plan designed to ensure compliance. Noncompliance with the AI Act could result in fines of up to 35 million or 7 of annual global turnover for the previous year, whichever is higher. There have been numerous other laws and bills proposed at the U.S. federal and state level, as well as internationally, aimed at regulating the deployment or provision of AI systems and services. This includes the Colorado AI Act, which was passed and will become effective February 1, 2026, and, like the AI Act, provides for a regulatory risk-based framework. 
 We continue to evaluate and monitor the applicability of these and other laws, including new content related regulations, such as the DSA and OSA mentioned above, and we may need to devote additional resources to ensure compliance, which may increase our costs and impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology or other rights, the activities of our users, or the content of the experiences on our Platform could subject us to liability and harm our business. 
 We have been and may in the future become subject to intellectual property disputes, costs, and awards of damages and/or injunctive relief as a result of these disputes, and we are subject to liability for our intellectual property that we license to third parties. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and commercialize our Platform without infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of third parties. However, there is no assurance that our technologies or Platform will not be found to infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of third parties. We also have agreements with third parties to manufacture and distribute merchandise based on user content on our Platform, and there is a possibility that such content could be found to be infringing. Lawsuits are time-consuming and expensive to resolve and they divert management s time and attention. Further, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, we risk compromising our confidential information during this type of litigation. Companies in the internet, technology, and gaming industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names, and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property or other rights. As we face increasing competition and gain a higher profile, the possibility of intellectual property rights and other claims against us grows. Our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims against their use. In addition, many companies have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. 
 We have a number of issued patents. We have also filed a number of additional U.S. and foreign patent applications but these applications may not successfully result in issued patents. Any patent litigation against us may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners that have no relevant product revenue, and therefore, our patents and patent applications may provide little or no deterrence as we would not be able to reach meaningful damages if we assert them against such entities or individuals. If a third party is able to obtain an injunction preventing us from accessing or exercising intellectual property rights, or if we cannot license or develop alternative technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we could be forced to limit or cease access to our Platform or cease business activities related to such intellectual property. In addition, we may need to settle litigation and disputes on terms that are unfavorable to us. We may be required to make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement fees, damages, royalties, license, or other fees in connection with a claimant securing a judgment against us. Although we carry general liability insurance, our insurance may not cover potential claims of this type or may not be adequate to cover all liability that may be imposed. We cannot predict the outcome of lawsuits and cannot ensure that the results of any such actions will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Any intellectual property claim asserted against us, or for which we are required to provide indemnification, may require us to cease selling or using or recall products that incorporate the intellectual property rights that we allegedly infringe, misappropriate, or violate; make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments, or other costs or damages; obtain a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, to sell or use the relevant technology; or redesign or rebrand the allegedly infringing products to avoid infringement, misappropriation, or violation, which could be costly, time-consuming, or impossible. 
 Furthermore, certain federal statutes in the U.S. may apply to us with respect to various activities of our users, including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 DMCA and Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act CDA ). For example, we filter communications to eliminate speech we determine to be offensive based on our objective of creating a civil and safe place for all users. Bills have recently been proposed in Congress calling for a range of changes to Section 230 of the CDA which include a complete repudiation of the statute to modifications of it in such a way as to remove certain social media companies from its protection. The U.S. Supreme Court has also heard two cases in its most recent term that may result in substantial changes to the scope of protection provided to interactive computer services such as Roblox. If Section 230 of the CDA were so repealed, amended, or modified by judicial determination we could potentially be subject to liability if we continue to censor speech, even if that speech were offensive to our users, or we could experience a decrease in user activity and revenues if we are unable to maintain a safe environment for our users if certain blocking and screening activities are prohibited by law. In addition, certain states have either passed or are debating laws that would create potential liability for moderating or removing certain user content. While we believe these laws are of dubious validity under the U.S. Constitution and in light of Section 230 of the CDA, they nevertheless present some risk to our content-moderation efforts going forward. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 While we rely on a variety of statutory and common-law frameworks and defenses, including those provided by the DMCA, the CDA, the fair-use doctrine in the U.S. and the E-Commerce Directive in the EU, differences between statutes, limitations on immunity, requirements to maintain immunity, and moderation efforts in the many jurisdictions in which we operate may affect our ability to rely on these frameworks and defenses, or create uncertainty regarding liability for information or content uploaded by developers, creators, or users or otherwise contributed by third parties to our Platform. As an example, Article 17 of the Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market was passed in the EU, which affords copyright owners some enforcement rights that may conflict with U.S. safe harbor protections afforded to us under the DMCA. Member states in the EU are in the process of determining how Article 17 will be implemented in their particular country. In addition, the EU s DSA became fully applicable on February 17, 2024. The DSA imposes additional obligations as provided under the E-Commerce Directive and includes new content moderation obligations, notice and transparency obligations, advertising restrictions and other requirements on digital platforms to protect consumers and their rights online. In countries in Asia and Latin America, generally there are no similar statutes to the CDA or the DSA. The laws of countries in Asia and Latin America generally provide for direct liability if a platform is involved in creating such content or has actual knowledge of the content without taking action to take it down. Further, laws in some Asian countries also provide for primary or secondary liability, which can include criminal liability, if a platform fails to take sufficient steps to prevent such content from being uploaded. Although these and other similar legal provisions provide limited protections from liability for platforms like ours, if we are found not to be protected by the safe harbor provisions of the DMCA, CDA or other similar laws, or if we are deemed subject to laws in other countries that may not have the same protections or that may impose more onerous obligations on us, including Article 17, we may owe substantial damages, and our brand, reputation, and financial results may be harmed. 
 Additionally, any content created by using generative AI tools may not be subject to copyright protection which may adversely affect our intellectual property rights in, or ability to commercialize or use, the content. In the United States, a number of civil lawsuits have been initiated related to the foregoing and other concerns, the outcome of any one of which may, amongst other things, require us to limit the ways in which we use AI in our business. While AI-related lawsuits to date have generally focused on the AI service providers themselves, our use of any output produced by generative AI tools may expose us to claims, increasing our risks of liability. 
 Even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business and operating results. Moreover, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our Class A common stock. We expect that the occurrence of infringement claims is likely to grow as the market for our Platform grows. Accordingly, our exposure to damages resulting from infringement claims could increase, and this could further exhaust our financial and management resources. 
 Indemnity provisions in various agreements potentially expose us to substantial liability for intellectual property infringement and other losses. 
 Some of our agreements with third parties include indemnification provisions under which we agree to indemnify these third parties for losses suffered or incurred as a result of claims of intellectual property infringement, or other liabilities relating to or arising from our software, services, Platform, or other contractual obligations. Large indemnity payments could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Although we normally contractually limit our liability with respect to such indemnity obligations, those limitations may not be fully enforceable in all situations, and we may still incur substantial liability under those agreements. Any dispute with a third-party with respect to such obligations could have adverse effects on our relationship with such party and harm our business and results of operations. 
 Failure to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or the costs involved in such enforcement would harm our business. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property rights, including our proprietary software technology, know-how, and our brand. We rely on a combination of trademarks, trade secret laws, patents, copyrights, service marks, contractual restrictions, and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality procedures to establish and protect our proprietary rights. However, the steps we take to obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property rights may be inadequate. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property rights if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, or fail to continuously innovate and advance our technology, our competitors could gain access to our proprietary technology and develop and commercialize substantially identical products, services, or technologies. In addition, defending our intellectual property rights might entail significant expense and may not ultimately be successful. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Further, any patents, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights that we have or may obtain may be challenged or circumvented by others or invalidated or held unenforceable through administrative processes, including re-examination, inter partes review, interference and derivation proceedings, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions, such as opposition proceedings or litigation. In addition, despite our pending patent applications, there is no assurance that our patent applications will result in issued patents. Even if we continue to seek patent protection in the future, we may be unable to obtain or maintain patent protection for our technology. In addition, any patents issued from pending or future patent applications or licensed to us in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our Platform and use information that we regard as proprietary to create products that compete with ours. Patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which our products are available. The value of our intellectual property could diminish if others assert rights in or ownership of our trademarks and other intellectual property rights, or trademarks that are similar to our trademarks. We may be unable to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction. In some cases, litigation or other actions may be necessary to protect or enforce our trademarks and other intellectual property rights. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the U.S., and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. As we expand our global activities, our exposure to unauthorized copying and use of our Platform and proprietary information will likely increase. 
 We rely, in part, on trade secrets, proprietary know-how, and other confidential information to maintain our competitive position. While we enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements with other third parties, including suppliers and other partners, we cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with every entity that has or may have had access to our proprietary information, know-how and trade secrets or that has or may have developed intellectual property in connection with an engagement with us. Moreover, there are no assurances that these agreements will be effective in controlling access to, distribution, use, misuse, misappropriation, reverse engineering, or disclosure of our proprietary information, know-how, and trade secrets. Further, these agreements may not prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our Platform. These agreements may be breached, and we may not be able to detect any such breach and may not have adequate remedies for any such breach even if we know about it. 
 We use open source software as part of, and in connection with certain experiences on, our Platform, which may pose particular intellectual property and security risks to and could have a negative impact on our business. 
 We have in the past and may in the future continue to use open source software in our codebase and our Platform. Some open source software licenses require users who make available open source software as part of their proprietary software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such proprietary software or make available any derivative works of such software free of charge, under open source licensing terms. The terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our use of the open source software. Enforcement activity for open source licenses can also be unpredictable. Were it determined that our use was not in compliance with a particular license, we may be required to release our proprietary source code, defend claims, pay damages for breach of contract or copyright infringement, grant licenses to our patents, re-engineer our games or products, discontinue distribution in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis, or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our game development efforts, any of which could negatively impact our business. Open source compliance problems can also result in damage to reputation and challenges in recruitment or retention of engineering personnel. Although we have certain policies and procedures in place to monitor our use of open-source software that are designed to avoid subjecting our Platform to open source licensing conditions, those policies and procedures may not be effective to detect or address all such conditions. 
 Additionally, although we devote significant resources to ensuring the security of our use of open source software on our Platform, we cannot ensure that these security measures will be sufficient to prevent or mitigate the damage caused by a cybersecurity incident or network disruption, and our open source software may be vulnerable to hacking, insider threats, employee error or manipulation, theft, system malfunctions, or other adverse events. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Ownership of our Class A Common Stock 
 The public trading price of our Class A common stock is volatile and could decline regardless of our operating performance. 
 To date, the public trading price of our Class A common stock has been volatile, similar to other newly public companies that have historically experienced highly volatile trading prices. The public trading price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate in response to various factors, including those listed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, some of which are beyond our control. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our Class A common stock since you might be unable to sell your shares at or above the price you paid. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the public trading price of our Class A common stock include the following: 
 the number of shares of our Class A common stock made available for trading; 
 sales or expectations with respect to sales of shares of our Class A common stock by holders of our Class A common stock including our directors, officer, and significant holders; 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 
 volatility in the trading prices and trading volumes of technology stocks; 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 
 failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow us or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 any plans we may have to provide or not provide disclosure about certain key metrics, financial guidance, or projections, which may increase the probability that our financial results are perceived as not in line with analysts expectations; 
 if we do provide disclosure about certain key metrics, financial guidance, or projections, any changes to such reported items due to changes in our methodology or underlying assumptions for those items and with respect to timing or our failure to meet those projections; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of new services or Platform features; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 
 rumors, market speculation, and media reports involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 actual or anticipated changes in our results of operations or fluctuations in our results of operations; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors businesses, or the competitive landscape generally; 
 litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 
 actual or perceived privacy or security breaches or other incidents; 
 developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 
 announced or completed acquisitions of businesses, services, or technologies by us or our competitors; 
 new laws or regulations, public expectations regarding new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles; 
 any significant change in our management or other key personnel; 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war, such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East stemming from Hamas attack against Israel, incidents of terrorism, pandemics, or wildfires, earthquakes or severe weather and power outages or responses to these events; and 
 general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets. 
 In addition, stock markets, and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. Stock prices of many companies, including technology companies, have fluctuated in a manner often unrelated to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. In addition, we may be subject to stockholder activism, which can lead to additional substantial costs, distract management, and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 The dual class stock structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control in David Baszucki, our Founder, President, CEO, and Chair of our Board of Directors, which limits or precludes your ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors and the approval of any change of control transaction. 
 Our Class B common stock has 20 votes per share, and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Our Founder, President, CEO, Chair of our Board of Directors, and largest stockholder, David Baszucki, and his affiliates, beneficially own 100 of our outstanding Class B common stock, together as a single class, representing a substantial percentage of the voting power of our capital stock, which voting power may increase over time as Mr. Baszucki exercises or vests in his equity awards. Mr. Baszucki and his affiliates could exert substantial influence over matters requiring approval by our stockholders. This concentration of ownership may limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval. In addition, this may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our capital stock that you may believe are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. We believe we are eligible for, but do not intend to take advantage of, the controlled company exemption to the corporate governance rules for NYSE-listed companies. We cannot predict whether our dual class structure will result in a lower or more volatile trading price of our Class A common stock, in adverse publicity, or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers, such as S P Dow Jones, exclude companies with multiple classes of common stock from being added to certain stock indices, including the S P 500. As a result, the dual class structure of our common stock may trigger actions or publications by stockholder advisory firms or institutional investors critical of our corporate governance practices or capital structure, or prevent the inclusion of our Class A common stock in certain indices and, as a result, large institutional investors, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track those indices may not invest in our Class A common stock. Any exclusion from certain indices could result in a less active trading market for our Class A common stock. As a result, the trading price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 If securities or industry analysts or other third parties do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendation regarding our Class A common stock adversely, the market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 The market price and trading volume for our Class A common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts and other third parties publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. The analysts estimates are based upon their own opinions and are often different from our estimates or expectations or incorrect. If any of the analysts who cover us change their recommendation regarding our Class A common stock adversely, provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our Class A common stock would likely decline. If few securities analysts commence coverage of us, or if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets and demand for our securities could decrease, which could cause the price and trading volume of our Class A common stock to decline. In addition, third parties regularly publish data about us and other mobile, gaming, and social platform companies with respect to DAUs, revenue, bookings, top experience, or game charts, hours engaged and other information concerning social game application usage. These metrics are proprietary to the provider, and in many cases do not accurately reflect the actual levels of bookings, revenue, or usage of our experiences across all platforms. There is a possibility that third parties could change their methodologies for calculating these metrics in the future. For example, short sellers have and may in the future publish reports relying in part on such metrics. These reports appear intended to decrease the price of our Class A common stock and have resulted in and may result in claims, litigation, or investigations due to any published allegations by shareholders, regulators, and others. To the extent that securities analysts or investors base their views of our business or prospects on such third-party data, including reports of short sellers, the price of our Class A common stock may be volatile and may not reflect the performance of our business. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws will contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following: 
 any amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws will require the approval of at least 66 2/3 of our then-outstanding voting power; 
 our Board of Directors is classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms and stockholders will only be able to remove directors from office for cause; 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 upon the conversion of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock into a single class of common stock, our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and will not be able to take action by written consent for any matter; 
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting; 
 vacancies on our Board of Directors will be able to be filled only by our Board of Directors and not by stockholders; 
 a special meeting of our stockholders may only be called by the chairperson of our Board of Directors, our CEO, our President, or a majority of our Board of Directors; 
 certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware; 
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes 100 million shares of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without further action by our stockholders; and 
 advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders. 
 These provisions, alone or together, could discourage, delay, or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Class A common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another State court in Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware) is the exclusive forum for the following (except for any claim as to which such court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of such court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of such court within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than such court or for which such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction): 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us; 
 any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty; 
 any action asserting a claim against us arising under the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time); and 
 any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that the federal district courts of the U.S. will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. We also note that stockholders cannot waive compliance (or consent to noncompliance) with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. It is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable, and if a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could significantly harm our business. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 We do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends to holders of our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, you may need to rely on sales of our Class A common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on your investment. 
 
 Risks Related to our Indebtedness 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt and other obligations, including our obligations under the 2030 Notes. 
 Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness, including the 2030 Notes, and our other obligations will depend on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, including the 2030 Notes, and other obligations. 
 If we are unable to service our debt and other obligations from cash flows, we may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our debt obligations prior to maturity. Our ability to refinance or restructure our debt and other obligations will depend on various factors, including the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing or restructuring could be at higher interest rates, less favorable terms, or may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. If our cash flows are insufficient to service our debt and other obligations, we may not be able to refinance or restructure any of these obligations on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any refinancing or restructuring could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 If our cash flows are insufficient to fund our debt and other obligations and we are unable to refinance or restructure these obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell material assets or operations to meet our debt and other obligations. We cannot assure you that we would be able to implement any of these alternative measures on satisfactory terms (if at all) or that the proceeds from such alternatives would be adequate to meet any debt or other obligations then due. If it becomes necessary to implement any of these alternative measures, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our indebtedness could have adverse consequences to us. 
 Our indebtedness could have adverse consequences to us, including the following: 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the 2030 Notes and our other indebtedness; 
 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to debt service payments on our and our subsidiaries debt, which reduces the funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes; 
 requiring us to comply with restrictive covenants in the Indenture, which limit the manner in which we conduct our business; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the industry in which we operate; 
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to any of our less leveraged competitors; 
 increasing our vulnerability to both general and industry-specific adverse economic conditions; and 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements and increasing our cost of borrowing. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 General Risks 
 If we are unable to maintain effective disclosure and internal controls over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations may be impaired. 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations of the listing standards of the NYSE. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Our disclosure controls and other procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. 
 Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. In addition, changes in accounting principles or interpretations could also challenge our internal controls and require that we establish new business processes, systems, and controls to accommodate such changes. If these new systems, controls, or standards and the associated process changes do not operate as intended, it could adversely affect our financial reporting systems and processes, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial reports, or the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Moreover, our business may be harmed if we experience problems with any new systems and controls that result in delays in their implementation or increased costs to correct any post-implementation issues that may arise. We have identified in the past, and may identify in the future, deficiencies in our controls, which could harm our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. If we are not able to, or if we are perceived as being unable to, comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, or if we are unable to, or if we are perceived as being unable to, maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to produce timely and accurate financial statements. If that were to happen, our investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and we have been and could be subject to increased regulatory scrutiny, including sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports. 
 Any legal proceedings or claims against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend and could harm our reputation regardless of the outcome. 
 We are and/or may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, including intellectual property, privacy, biometrics, cybersecurity, data protection, product liability, consumer protection, false and misleading advertising, employment, class action, whistleblower, contract, securities, tort, civil Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, unfair competition, and other litigation claims, including claims related to our advertising practices and use of generative AI, and governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. As a result of disclosure of information in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition will become more visible, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors. We are and may continue to be subject to legal proceedings asserting claims arising from allegations that we have facilitated gambling by users of our Platform including by minors, t hat we have misrepresented the safety of our Platform, that our Platform is addictive or otherwise unsafe, that we unlawfully or unfairly benefit from child labor, and that we have misrepresented information about our user base, that we have engaged in copyright infringement, that we have engaged in unlawful employment practices, and suits related to our refund policies. In lawsuits brought on behalf of child users, the court may allow minors to disaffirm or avoid enforcement of our Terms of Use, depending on the circumstances. We have and may continue to be subject to legal proceedings asserting claims on behalf of shareholders related to allegations that discussions of our growth prospects have been misleading and unsustainable due to concerns related to safety and our implementation of parental controls on the Platform and claims that our leadership has engaged in insider trading. In particular, on August 1, 2023, a putative class action was filed against us in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California captioned Colvin v. Roblox asserting various claims arising from allegations that minors used third-party virtual casinos to gamble Robux and on March 14, 2024, Gentry v. Roblox was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California premised on substantially identical allegations as Colvin v. Roblox . The two cases were consolidated on April 18, 2024. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and resources, cause us to incur significant expenses or liability, or require us to change our business practices. The expense of litigation and the timing of this expense from period to period are difficult to estimate, subject to change, and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Because of the potential risks, expenses, and uncertainties of litigation, we may, from time to time, settle disputes, even where we have meritorious claims or defenses, by agreeing to settlement agreements. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Catastrophic events may disrupt our business. 
 Natural disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce, and the global economy, and thus could harm our business. We have our headquarters and a large employee presence in San Mateo, California, an area which in recent years has been increasingly susceptible to fires, severe weather events, and power outages, any of which could disrupt our operations, and which contains active earthquake zones. In the event of a major earthquake, hurricane, or catastrophic event such as fire, power loss, rolling blackouts or power loss, telecommunications failure, pandemic, geopolitical conflict such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East stemming from Hamas attack against Israel , cyber-attack, war, other physical security threats or terrorist attack, we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our Platform development, lengthy interruptions in our Platform, breaches of security, and loss of critical data, all of which would harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Acts of terrorism and similar events would also cause disruptions to the internet or the economy as a whole. Global climate change could also result in natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects, which could cause business interruptions. The long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and recovery from it on society and developer, creator, and user engagement remain uncertain, and a subsequent health crisis or pandemic, as well as the actions taken by various governmental, business and individuals in response, will impact our business, operations and financial results in ways that we may not be able to accurately predict. In addition, the insurance we maintain would likely not be adequate to cover our losses resulting from disasters or other business interruptions. Our disaster recovery plan may not be sufficient to address all aspects of any unanticipated consequence or incident, we may not be able to maintain business continuity at profitable levels or at all, and our insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for the losses that could occur. 
 Our operations are subject to the effects of changing inflation rates and volatile global economic conditions. 
 The United States, Europe, and other key global markets have recently experienced historically high levels of inflation. If the inflation rate continues to increase, it will likely affect all of our expenses, including, but not limited to, employee compensation expenses and energy expenses and it may reduce consumer discretionary spending, which could affect the buying power of our users, developers, and creators and lead to a reduced demand for our Platform. 
 Geopolitical developments, such as the war in Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East stemming from the Hamas attack against Israel, and tensions with China, and the responses by central banking authorities to control inflation, can increase levels of political and economic unpredictability globally and increase the volatility of global financial markets. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including lower consumer confidence, persistent unemployment, wage and income stagnation, slower growth or recession, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, inflation, changes in interest rates, currency fluctuations, economic and trade sanctions, the availability and cost of credit, and the strength of the economies in which we and our users are located, have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our condensed consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, we maintain cash balances at third-party financial institutions in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC insurance limit. If the financial conditions affecting the banking industry and financial markets cause additional banks and financial institutions to enter receivership or become insolvent, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments, or to draw on our existing lines of credit, may be threatened and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 None. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 Planned Executive Departure 
 On August 1, 2024, Michael Guthrie, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, notified Roblox of his intent to resign as Chief Financial Officer to pursue personal interests. The Company is working to identify a successor and Mr. Guthrie has agreed to remain in the role until a new Chief Financial Officer is appointed and will assist in the search for his successor. The Company entered into a Separation and Transition Agreement with Mr. Guthrie on September 30, 2024 (the Transition Agreement ), pursuant to which Mr. Guthrie s employment with the Company will terminate upon the commencement of employment of the Company s next Chief Financial Officer. For more information regarding the Transition Agreement, see Note 12, Stock-Based Compensation Expense to the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 
 During our last fiscal quarter, none of our directors and officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), adopted, amended or terminated a or a as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 Incorporated by Reference Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
 10-Q 001-39763 3.1 May 13, 2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 8-K 001-39763 3.1 September 14, 2023 10.1 + 
 Separation and Transition Agreement by and between the R egistrant and Michael Guthrie entered into on September 30 , 202 4. 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101). 
 
 Filed herewith 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Roblox Corporation Date: October 31, 2024 
 By: /s/Michael Guthrie 
 Michael Guthrie Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 90 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101-cfotransitionag.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

 September 27, 2024 
 
 Michael Guthrie 
 VIA EMAIL 
 Re Separation and Transition Agreement 
 Dear Michael 
 This letter confirms the agreement Agreement between you and Roblox Corporation (the Company concerning the terms of your employment separation and transition from the Company. 
 
 1. Transition Periods. 
 a. CFO Transition Period. You will continue as a full-time at-will employee of the Company in your role as the Company s Chief Financial Officer CFO during the period beginning on the Effective Date (as defined below) through the commencement of the Company s next CFO in such CFO role (such actual period you continue to serve as CFO, the CFO Transition Period ). During the CFO Transition Period, you will continue receiving your regular annual base salary of 715,000, less applicable withholdings, in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices. During the CFO Transition Period, you will remain eligible to receive the severance and other benefits set forth in your Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Agreement with the Company effective December 14, 2021 (the Severance Agreement ), subject to the satisfaction of the terms and conditions set forth therein. Further, during the CFO Transition Period, you will continue to be eligible to participate in the benefit plans and programs established by the Company for its employees from time to time, subject to their applicable terms and conditions, including without limitation any approvals or eligibility requirements. If you remain continuously employed in your role as CFO on the date the Company grants any 2025 salary adjustments, refresh or annual equity awards to its senior executives (expected to occur in or around March 2025), you will remain eligible to receive such salary adjustments and equity awards (including performance-based equity awards) with terms and conditions established by the Board of Directors (or its designated committee) with any performance-based metrics consistent with those approved for other senior executives of the Company. The Company reserves the right to modify, amend, suspend or terminate the benefit plans and programs it offers to its employees at any time. 
 b. Employment Separation . Upon the commencement of employment of the Company s next CFO in such CFO role, your CFO Transition Period will end immediately, and you will have resigned as an employee of the Company and from your role as CFO and the Company will have accepted such resignation (the date of termination of your employment with the Company, the Employment Separation Date ). As of the Employment Separation Date, you also will be deemed to have resigned from any and all officer and director roles with the Company and its subsidiaries without any further action required by you, provided that you agree to execute any documents as may be reasonably requested by the Company to reflect such resignation. 

c. Advisory Period. Immediately following the CFO Transition Period, and without a break in service with the Company, you will commence advisory transitional services as reasonably requested by the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the CFO or the Board of Directors for a period equal to the later of (a) the seven (7) month anniversary of the date your intended transition was publicly announced (August 1, 2024) and (b) the one (1) month anniversary of the Employment Separation Date (such actual period you provide such advisory transitional services, the Advisory Period , and together with the CFO Transition Period, the Transition Periods ). Such advisory services will be provided for no less than ten (10) hours per month (and not to exceed twenty (20) hours per month) and you will be compensated for such advisory services at the rate of 59,583 per month, or, if greater, at the monthly rate of 1 12th of your regular annual base salary in effect as of the Employment Separation Date, during the Advisory Period. In performing the advisory services, you will be an independent contractor and not an employee or agent of the Company. The Company will share confidential information with you as it deems necessary to effectively carry out the advisory services. During the Transition Periods, your Equity Awards (as defined below) will continue to vest in accordance with their terms. For the avoidance of doubt, if you remain a Service Provider (as such term is defined in the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan )) through December 31, 2024, but the Transition Periods end prior to the Determination Date (as such term is defined in the Award Agreement) for any reason, then the performance-based restricted stock unit award granted to you on April 13, 2023 (the Award ), and governed by the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance-Based) (the Award Agreement will remain outstanding through the Determination Date and the date such Award is settled to the extent it is determined that any shares subject to the Award are earned pursuant to the terms of the Award Agreement. 
 2. Company Equity Awards. You previously were granted certain equity awards covering shares of the Company s Class A common stock Shares under the 2020 Plan and the Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (together, the Plans and applicable award agreements thereunder, that are outstanding as of the date first set forth above, as specified in Schedule A attached hereto (the Equity Awards , and such plans and agreements, the Award Documents ). You and the Company agree that during the Transition Periods, your Equity Awards will continue vesting but otherwise will cease vesting upon cessation of your continued status as a Service Provider (as defined in the Plan under which the applicable Equity Award has been granted) except as provided in this Agreement or as set forth in the applicable Award Documents. Further, and except as provided in this Agreement or as set forth in the applicable Award Documents, any Equity Awards or portions thereof that have not vested through the date of the cessation of your status as a Service Provider will be forfeited permanently and you will have no further rights with respect to such Equity Awards (or portions thereof) or Shares subject thereto. Except as provided in Section 1.c. or this Section 2, your Equity Awards remain subject to the terms and conditions of the Award Documents. 
 3. Employee Benefits No Other Monies Owed. Your health insurance benefits will cease on the last day of the month in which the Employment Separation Date occurs, subject to your right to continue your health insurance under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, or similar state law COBRA ). Your participation in all benefits and incidents of employment, including without limitation, vesting in equity-based 
 -2- 

compensation (except as provided in Section 1.c. or Section 2 herein), the accrual of bonuses (if any), vacation, and paid time off, will cease as of the Employment Separation Date. You acknowledge that, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, you have not earned, and will not receive from the Company, any additional compensation, severance, or benefits on or after the Employment Separation Date, including in connection with your Severance Agreement, with the exception of any vested right you may have under the express terms of the Severance Agreement or a written ERISA-qualified benefit plan. You further acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for attorneys fees and costs for counsel you engaged prior to or in connection with executing this Agreement and that you will not seek reimbursement from the Company or its insurers for any such attorneys fees and costs. 
 4. Return of Company Property. As of no later than the last day of the Transition Periods, you will return all documents and other items provided to you by the Company (with the exception of a copy of the Company s Employee Handbook and personnel documents specifically relating to you), developed or obtained by you in connection with your employment with the Company, or otherwise belonging to the Company, including, without limitation, any computers, cell phones, access cards, keys, reports, manuals, records, product samples, inventory, correspondence or other documents or materials related to the Company s business that you have compiled, generated or received while working for the Company as well as all copies, samples, computer data, disks, or records of such material. After returning these documents, data, and other property you will permanently delete from any electronic media in your possession, custody, or control (such as computers, cell phones, hand-held devices, back-up devices, zip drives, PDAs, etc.), or to which you have access (such as remote e-mail exchange servers, back-up servers, off-site storage, etc.), all documents or electronically stored materials of the Company, including writings, drawings, graphs, charts, sound recordings, images, and other data or data compilations stored in any medium from which such information can be obtained. Furthermore, you will, on or before the Employment Separation Date, provide the Company with a list of any documents that you created or you are otherwise aware to be password protected and the password(s) necessary to access such password protected documents. The Company s obligations under this Agreement are contingent upon you returning all of the Company s documents, data, and other property as set forth above. 
 5. Cooperation. You agree that during and following the Advisory Period, you will make yourself available, upon reasonable notice and under reasonable conditions, to assist the Company with respect to matters of which you were personally involved or had personal knowledge while employed by the Company. Without limitation, such assistance may include signing documents, providing information or documents, cooperating with investigations, negotiations, lawsuits or administrative proceedings involving the Company, and preparing for and giving testimony, including written declarations or statements. 
 6. Confidential Information. You hereby acknowledge that, except as expressly set forth herein, you are bound by your post-employment obligations in the attached A t Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement (attached hereto as Exhibit One (the Confidentiality Agreement ), which you confirmed in your Confirmatory Offer Letter. You acknowledge and agree that as a result of your employment 
 -3- 

with the Company you have had access to the Company s Confidential Information (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement), that, except as otherwise required by law and or excepted by the Protected Activity Not Prohibited section below, you will hold all Confidential Information in strictest confidence and that you will not make use of such Confidential Information on behalf of anyone. 
 7. General Release and Waiver of Claims. In exchange for the consideration set forth herein, you hereby bind yourself and your heirs, beneficiaries, trustees, administrators, executors, assigns, agents and legal representatives (collectively, the Releasors ), and hereby waive and release to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law any and all claims or causes of action, whether known or unknown, against the Company and or its predecessors, successors, past or present parents or subsidiaries, affiliated companies, or related entities (collectively, including the Company, the Entities and or the Entities respective past or present insurers, officers, directors, agents, attorneys, employees, shareholders, investors, assigns and employee benefit plans (collectively with the Entities, the Released Parties ), with respect to any matter, including, without limitation, any matter related to your employment with or service to the Company. 
 This waiver and release includes, without limitation, claims under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) claims for attorneys fees or costs any and all claims for or related to stock, stock options, RSUs or other equity securities of the Company penalties claims wage and hour claims statutory claims tort claims contract claims claims of wrongful discharge, constructive discharge, emotional distress, defamation, conversion, invasion of privacy, fraud, promissory estoppel, misrepresentation, breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, and breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing claims for retaliation claims related to discrimination or harassment based on any protected basis, under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act the Civil Rights Act of 1991 the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 the Equal Pay Act the Fair Labor Standards Act the Fair Credit Reporting Act the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act the Family and Medical Leave Act the Immigration Reform and Control Act the California Family Rights Act the California Labor Code the California Business and Professions Code and the California Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or any other federal, state, or local law prohibiting discrimination, harassment or retaliation and claims under all other federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following are not included in the released claims (the Excluded Claims (i) any rights or claims for indemnification you may have pursuant to your applicable written indemnification agreement with the Company dated September 22, 2020 and under the charter, bylaws or operating agreements of the Company, or under applicable law (ii) any rights which cannot be waived as a matter of law (iii) any rights you have to file or pursue a claim for workers compensation or unemployment insurance (iv) any claims arising from the breach of this Agreement and (v) any claims arising after the date you sign this Agreement. 
 -4- 

You agree not to pursue any action nor seek damages or any other remedies for any released claims. You agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal, or to opt-out, of such claims with prejudice. Further, you agree not to participate in, seek to recover in, or assist in any litigation or investigation by other persons or entities against the Released Parties, except if served with a subpoena or as otherwise required by law. 
 Except as otherwise required by law and or excepted by the Protected Activity Not Prohibited section below, you agree you will not knowingly encourage, counsel, or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints by any third party against any of the Released Parties, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so or as related directly to the ADEA waiver in this Agreement. You agree both to immediately notify the Company upon receipt of any such subpoena or court order, except as set forth above regarding cooperation with Government Agencies. Nothing herein shall prohibit or impair you or the Company from complying with all applicable laws, nor shall this Agreement be construed to obligate either party to commit (or aid or abet in the commission of) any unlawful act. 
 8. California Civil Code Section 1542 . You acknowledge that you have been advised to consult with legal counsel and are familiar with the provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542, a statute that otherwise prohibits the release of unknown claims, which provides as follows 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 
 You, being aware of said code section, agree to expressly waive any rights you may have thereunder with respect only to the claims released herein, as well as under any other statute or common law principles of similar effect. 
 
 9. Acknowledgment of Waiver of Claims under ADEA . You acknowledge that you are waiving and releasing any rights you may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA ), and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. You agree that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA after the date you sign this Agreement. You acknowledge that the consideration given for this waiver and release is in addition to anything of value to which you were already entitled. You further acknowledge that you have been advised by this writing that (a) you should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement (b) you have twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (c) you have seven (7) days following your execution of this Agreement to revoke this Agreement (d) this Agreement shall not be effective until after the revocation period has expired and (e) nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes you from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the 
 -5- 

ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties, or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. In the event you sign this Agreement and return it to the Company in less than the twenty-one (21)-day period identified above, you hereby acknowledge that you have knowingly and voluntarily chosen to waive the time period allotted for considering this Agreement. You acknowledge and understand that revocation must be accomplished by a written notification to the person executing this Agreement on the Company s behalf that is received prior to the Effective Date. The Parties agree that changes, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the running of the twenty-one (21)-day period. 
 10. Protected Activity Not Prohibited . You understand that nothing in this Agreement shall in any way limit or prohibit you from engaging in any Protected Activity. Protected Activity includes (i) filing and or pursuing a charge, complaint, or report with, or otherwise communicating, cooperating, or participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any federal, state or local government agency or commission , including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the National Labor Relations Board Government Agencies and or (ii) discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any Company trade secrets, proprietary information, or confidential information that does not involve unlawful acts in the workplace or the activity otherwise protected herein. You further understand that Protected Activity does not include the disclosure of any Company attorney-client privileged communications or attorney work product. In addition, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, you are notified that an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official (directly or indirectly) or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if (and only if) such filing is made under seal. In addition, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the individual s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Finally, nothing in this Agreement constitutes a waiver of any rights you may have under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act NLRA ). For purposes of clarity, nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to impair or limit your participation in any legally protected activities, such as (i) forming, joining, or supporting labor unions, (ii) bargaining collectively through representatives of employees choosing, (iii) discussing wages, benefits, or terms and conditions of employment, and (iv) discussing, or raising complaints about, working conditions for the purpose of mutual aid or protection of you or the Company s other current or former employees, to the extent such activities are protected by Section 7 of the NLRA. You understand that nothing in the Confidentiality Agreement shall limit or prohibit you from engaging in any protected conduct set forth in this Section. 
 -6- 

11. Non-Disclosure. Except if required by law or if the specific information is publicly available due to your role as a former Section 16 Officer, and except as otherwise excepted by the Protected Activity Not Prohibited section above, you agree that you will not disclose to others the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including any negotiations leading up to it, except that you may disclose such information, on express condition of confidentiality, to your spouse and to your attorney or accountant in order for such individuals to render services to you. For purposes of this Agreement, Section 16 Officer means an individual who, with respect to the Company s securities, is subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 12. Arbitration Agreement. EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW NOTWITHSTANDING THE APPLICATION OF THE FAA, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEIR INTERPRETATION, YOUR EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY OR THE TERMS THEREOF, OR ANY OF THE MATTERS HEREIN RELEASED, SHALL BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION UNDER THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT (THE FAA AND THAT THE FAA SHALL GOVERN AND APPLY TO THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WITH FULL FORCE AND EFFECT HOWEVER, WITHOUT LIMITING ANY PROVISIONS OF THE FAA, A MOTION OR PETITION OR ACTION TO COMPEL ARBITRATION MAY ALSO BE BROUGHT IN STATE COURT UNDER THE PROCEDURAL PROVISIONS OF SUCH STATE S LAWS RELATING TO MOTIONS OR PETITIONS OR ACTIONS TO COMPEL ARBITRATION. YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU MAY BRING ANY SUCH ARBITRATION PROCEEDING ONLY IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY. ANY CLAIMS YOU MAY BRING PURSUANT TO THE PRIVATE ATTORNEYS GENERAL ACT PAGA ON BEHALF OF THE LABOR AND WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT AGENCY MUST BE ARBITRATED ONLY IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY WITHOUT ANY JOINDER OR REPRESENTATION OF ANY CALIFORNIA LABOR CODE VIOLATIONS THAT WERE OR COULD BE ASSERTED BY OR ON BEHALF OF ANY OTHER EMPLOYEES. ANY ARBITRATION WILL OCCUR IN THE PRIMARY STATE, BEFORE JAMS, PURSUANT TO ITS EMPLOYMENT ARBITRATION RULES & PROCEDURES JAMS RULES ), EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO DECIDE ANY MOTIONS BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY TO THE ARBITRATION, INCLUDING MOTIONS FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT AND OR ADJUDICATION, AND MOTIONS TO DISMISS AND DEMURRERS, APPLYING THE STANDARDS SET FORTH UNDER THE PRIMARY STATE S CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL ISSUE A WRITTEN DECISION ON THE MERITS. THE PARTIES ALSO AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO AWARD ANY REMEDIES AVAILABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, AND THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY, WHERE PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THE ARBITRATOR MAY GRANT INJUNCTIONS AND OTHER RELIEF IN SUCH DISPUTES. THE DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE FINAL, CONCLUSIVE, AND BINDING ON THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE PREVAILING PARTY IN ANY 
 -7- 

ARBITRATION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO ENFORCE THE ARBITRATION AWARD. THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION SHALL EACH PAY AN EQUAL SHARE OF THE COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH ARBITRATION, AND EACH PARTY SHALL SEPARATELY PAY FOR ITS RESPECTIVE COUNSEL FEES AND EXPENSES PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY, EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM RESOLVED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR JURY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS SECTION WILL NOT PREVENT EITHER PARTY FROM SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF (OR ANY OTHER PROVISIONAL REMEDY) FROM ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION OVER THE PARTIES AND THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THEIR DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE AGREEMENTS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. SHOULD ANY PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION CONFLICT WITH ANY OTHER ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT IN THIS SECTION SHALL GOVERN. 
 13. No Admission. This Agreement is not and shall not be construed or contended by you to be an admission or evidence of any wrongdoing or liability on the part of any of the Released Parties. 
 14. Complete and Voluntary Agreement. This Agreement, together with the other agreements as referenced herein, constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations and agreements, whether written or oral, relating to such subject matter, including without limitation your Confirmatory Offer Letter with the Company dated November 18, 2020 (the Confirmatory Offer Letter and following your Employment Separation Date, your Severance Agreement. You acknowledge that neither the Released Parties nor their agents or attorneys have made any promise, representation or warranty whatsoever, either express or implied, written or oral, which is not contained in this Agreement for the purpose of inducing you to execute the Agreement, and you acknowledge that you have executed this Agreement in reliance only upon such promises, representations and warranties as are contained herein, and that you are executing this Agreement voluntarily, free of any duress or coercion. Further, you acknowledge that you were offered the opportunity to review this Agreement with counsel of your choosing. 
 15. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed deleted from this Agreement and such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement, the balance of which will remain in and have its intended full force and effect provided, however that if such invalid or unenforceable provision may be modified so as to be valid and enforceable as a matter of law, such provision shall be deemed to have been modified so as to be valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
 -8- 

16. At-Will Employment . This Agreement does not imply any right to your continued employment for any period with the Company or any of its affiliates. Your employment with the Company will continue to be at-will . It is for no specified term, and may be terminated by you or the Company at any time, with or without cause or advance notice. 
 17. Miscellaneous. It is expressly agreed that this Agreement may not be altered, amended, modified, or otherwise changed in any respect except by another written agreement that specifically refers to this Agreement, executed by you and an authorized representative of the Company. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Execution via DocuSign or a similar service, or of a facsimile copy or scanned image shall have the same force and effect as execution of an original, and an electronic or facsimile signature or scanned image of a signature shall be deemed an original and valid signature. 
 18. Governing Law. Except as to the arbitration agreement, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, except that the enforceability of the arbitration agreement shall be subject to the Federal Arbitration Act. 
 19. Effective Date. This Agreement shall be null and void if not executed by you within twenty-one (21) days of your receipt of this Agreement for review. Each Party has seven (7) days after that Party signs this Agreement to revoke it. This Agreement will become effective on the eighth (8th) day after you signed this Agreement, so long as it has been signed by the Parties and has not been revoked by either Party before that date (the Effective Date ). 
 signature page follows 
 
 -9- 

Sincerely, 
 Roblox Corporation 

By s David Baszucki 
 David Baszucki 
 CEO, President and Founder 

READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED TO 

s Michael Guthrie 
 
 Michael Guthrie 
 
 September 30, 2024 
 
 Date 
 Schedule A Equity Awards 
 Exhibit One A t Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement 
 -10- 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311q32410q.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David Baszucki, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Roblox Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s David Baszucki David Baszucki President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312q32410q.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael Guthrie, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Roblox Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s Michael Guthrie Michael Guthrie Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321q32410q.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Roblox Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s David Baszucki David Baszucki President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 In connection with the Report of the Company, I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s Michael Guthrie Michael Guthrie Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rblx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rblx-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rblx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rblx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rblx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

