<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241024_10-Q_edgar_data_1070412_0001070412-24-000061.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9993994</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>174785</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1511682</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4175782</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2057736</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1845119</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001070412-24-000061.hdr.sgml : 20241024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241024112840
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001070412-24-000061
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CNX Resources Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001070412
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				510337383
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14901
		FILM NUMBER:		241391302

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CNX CENTER
		STREET 2:		1000 HORIZON VUE DRIVE
		CITY:			CANONSBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15317
		BUSINESS PHONE:		724-485-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CNX CENTER
		STREET 2:		1000 HORIZON VUE DRIVE
		CITY:			CANONSBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15317

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONSOL Energy Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090303

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONSOL ENERGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980915

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001070412-24-000061.txt : 20241024

10-Q
 1
 cnx-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cnx-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 __________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered -- 
 __________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Class Shares outstanding as of October 9, 2024 Common stock, 0.01 par value 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended Sep tember 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 11 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 57 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 58 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 58 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 58 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 
 58 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 59 

GLOSSARY OF CERTAIN OIL AND GAS TERMS 
 
 The following are certain terms and abbreviations commonly used in the oil and gas industry and included within this Form 10-Q: 
 
 Bbl - one stock tank barrel, or 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume, used in reference to oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. 
 BBtu - one billion British Thermal Units. 
 Bcf - one billion cubic feet of natural gas. 
 Bcfe - one billion cubic feet of natural gas equivalents, with one barrel of oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of gas. 
 Btu - one British Thermal Unit. 
 Mbbls - one thousand barrels of oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. 
 Mcf - one thousand cubic feet of natural gas. 
 Mcfe - one thousand cubic feet of natural gas equivalents, with one barrel of oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of gas. 
 MMBtu - one million British Thermal Units. 
 MMcfe - one million cubic feet of natural gas equivalents, with one barrel of oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of gas. 
 NGL - natural gas liquids - those hydrocarbons in natural gas that are separated from the gas as liquids through the process of absorption, condensation or other methods in gas processing plants. 
 Tcfe - one trillion cubic feet of natural gas equivalents, with one barrel of oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of gas. 
 
 Basis when referring to commodity pricing, the difference between the price for a commodity at a primary trading hub and the corresponding sales price at various regional sales points. The differential commonly is related to factors such as product quality, location, transportation capacity availability and contract pricing. 
 Blending - process of mixing dry and damp gas in order to meet downstream pipeline specifications. 
 Condensate - a mixture of hydrocarbons that exists in the gaseous phase at original reservoir temperature and pressure, but that, when produced, is in the liquid phase at surface pressure and temperature. 
 Conventional play - a term used in the oil and natural gas industry to refer to an area believed to be capable of producing crude oil and natural gas occurring in discrete accumulations in structural and stratigraphic traps utilizing conventional recovery methods. 
 Coalbed methane (CBM) - an unconventional form of natural gas found in coal deposits or coal seams. 
 Coal mine methane (CMM) - any gaseous hydrocarbon that is extracted or released through wells, degasification boreholes, ventilation or bleeder shafts for the purposes of degasifying underground coal mining operations. Coal mine methane may be extracted or released within or above mining activities and produced during, before, or after mining activity occurs or had occurred in connection with the degasification activities. 
 Developed reserves - developed reserves are reserves that can be expected to be recovered: (i) through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well; and (ii) through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well. 
 Development well - a well drilled within the proved area of an oil or natural gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive. 
 Dry gas - natural gas that contains little to no liquid hydrocarbons. 
 Environmental attributes - items such as (but not limited to): carbon credits, air quality credits, renewable or alternative energy credits, methane capture credits, methane performance certificates, emission reductions, offsets and/or allowances. 
 Exploratory well - a well drilled to find a new field or to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or natural gas in another reservoir. Generally, an exploratory well is any well that is not a development well, an extension well, a service well or a stratigraphic test well. 
 Exploration costs - costs incurred in identifying areas that may warrant examination and in examining specific areas that are considered to have prospects of containing oil and natural gas reserves, including costs of drilling exploratory wells and exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells. Exploration costs may be incurred both before acquiring the related property (sometimes referred to in part as prospecting costs) and after acquiring the property. Principal types of exploration costs, which include depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of exploration activities, are: (i) costs of topographical, geographical and geophysical studies and the rights to access the properties in order to conduct those studies, (ii) costs of carrying and retaining undeveloped properties, such as delay rentals and the maintenance of land and lease records, (iii) dry hole contributions (iv) costs of drilling and equipping exploratory wells, and (v) costs of drilling exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells. 
 Gob well - a well drilled or vent hole converted to a well which produces or is capable of producing coalbed methane or other natural gas from a distressed zone created above and below a mined-out coal seam by any prior full seam extraction of the coal. 
 Gross acres - the total acres in which a working interest is owned. 
 Gross wells - the total wells in which a working interest is owned. 

Lease operating expense - costs of operating wells and equipment on a producing lease, many of which are recurring. Includes items such as water disposals, repairs and maintenance, equipment rental and operating supplies, among others. 
 Net - net natural gas or net acres are determined by adding the fractional ownership working interests the Company has in gross wells or acres. 
 Net acres - the number of acres an owner has out of a particular number of gross acres. 
 Net wells - the percentage ownership interest in a well that an owner has based on the working interest. 
 New Technologies - currently represents what CNX views as a unique set of market opportunities in the areas of environmental attributes, proprietary technology and derivative product development. See Item 2 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of this Form 10-Q for a discussion of CNX s New Technology efforts. 
 NYMEX - New York Mercantile Exchange. 
 Physical sales - the buying and selling of natural gas through contracts between buyers and sellers. The parties agree to the physical delivery of a specific volume of natural gas over a particular period at a given price. 
 Play - a proven geological formation that contains commercial amounts of hydrocarbons. 
 Production costs - costs incurred to operate and maintain wells and related equipment and facilities, including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities, which become part of the cost of oil and natural gas produced. 
 Proved reserves - quantities of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids (NGLs) which, by analysis of geological and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. 
 Proved developed reserves (PDPs) - proved reserves which can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods. 
 Proved undeveloped reserves (PUDs) - proved reserves that can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be recovered from new wells on undrilled proved acreage or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for completion. 
 Reservoir - a porous and permeable underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible natural gas and/or oil that is confined by impermeable rock or water barriers and is separate from other reservoirs. 
 Royalty interest - an interest in an oil and natural gas lease that gives the owner of the interest the right to receive a portion of the production from the leased acreage (or of the proceeds of the sale thereof), but generally does not require the owner to pay any portion of the costs of drilling or operating the wells on the leased acreage. Royalties may be either landowners' royalties, which are reserved by the owner of the leased acreage at the time the lease is granted, or overriding royalties, which are usually reserved by an owner of the leasehold in connection with a transfer to a subsequent owner. 
 Throughput - the volume of natural gas transported or passing through a pipeline, plant, terminal, or other facility during a particular period. 
 TIL - turn-in-line; a well turned to sales. 
 Transportation, gathering and compression - cost incurred related to transporting natural gas to the ultimate point of sale. These costs also include costs related to physically preparing natural gas, natural gas liquids and condensate for ultimate sale which include costs related to processing, compressing, dehydrating and fractionating, among others. 
 Service well - a well drilled or completed for the purpose of supporting production in an existing field. Specific purposes of service wells include, among other things, gas injection, water injection and salt-water disposal. 
 Shale gas - an unconventional natural gas that is found trapped within shale formations. 
 Unconventional formations - a term used in the oil and gas industry to refer to a play in which the targeted reservoirs generally fall into one of three categories: (1) tight sands, (2) coal beds or (3) shales. The reservoirs tend to cover large areas and lack the readily apparent traps, seals and discrete hydrocarbon-water boundaries that typically define conventional reservoirs. These reservoirs generally require fracture stimulation treatments or other special recovery processes in order to achieve economic flow rates. 
 Undeveloped reserves - undeveloped reserves are reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required. Reserves on undrilled acreage are limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances. Undrilled locations can be classified as having proved undeveloped reserves only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless the specific circumstances justify a longer time. Under no circumstances shall estimates for undeveloped reserves be attributable to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique is contemplated, unless such techniques have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir or an analogous reservoir, or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty. 
 Unproved properties - properties with no proved reserves. 
 Wet gas - natural gas that contains significant heavy hydrocarbons, such as propane, butane and other liquid hydrocarbons. 
 Working interest - an interest that gives the owner the right to drill, produce and conduct operating activities on a property and receive a share of any production. 

PART I : FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CNX RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Unaudited) September 30, September 30, Revenue and Other Operating Income: 2024 2023 2024 2023 Natural Gas, NGLs and Oil Revenue Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments Purchased Gas Revenue Other Revenue and Operating Income Total Revenue and Other Operating Income Costs and Expenses: Operating Expense Lease Operating Expense Production, Ad Valorem and Other Fees Transportation, Gathering and Compression Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization Exploration and Production Related Other Costs Purchased Gas Costs 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Costs 
 Other Operating Expense 
 Total Operating Expense Other Expense (Income) Other (Income) Expense ) ) (Gain) Loss on Asset Sales and Abandonments, net ) ) ) Loss on Debt Extinguishment Interest Expense Total Other Expense (Income) ) Total Costs and Expenses Income Before Income Tax Income Tax Expense (Benefit) ) Net Income Earnings per Share Basic Diluted Dividends Declared 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 5 

CNX RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, September 30, (Unaudited) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income Other Comprehensive Income: Actuarially Determined Long-Term Liability Adjustments (Net of tax: ), ), ), )) 
 Comprehensive Income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 6 

CNX RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and Cash Equivalents Accounts and Notes Receivable: Trade, net Other Receivables, net Supplies Inventories Derivative Instruments Prepaid Expenses Total Current Assets Property, Plant and Equipment: Property, Plant and Equipment Less Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization Total Property, Plant and Equipment Net Other Non-Current Assets: Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets Derivative Instruments Goodwill Other Intangible Assets Other Total Other Non-Current Assets TOTAL ASSETS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 7 

CNX RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts Payable Derivative Instruments Current Portion of Finance Lease Obligations Current Portion of Long-Term Debt Current Portion of Operating Lease Obligations Other Accrued Liabilities Total Current Liabilities Non-Current Liabilities: Long-Term Debt Finance Lease Obligations Operating Lease Obligations Derivative Instruments Deferred Income Taxes Asset Retirement Obligations Other Total Non-Current Liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Stockholders Equity: Common Stock, Par Value; Shares Authorized, Issued and Outstanding at September 30, 2024; Issued and Outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Capital in Excess of Par Value Preferred Stock, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 8 

CNX RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Equity June 30, 2024 ) Net Income Issuance of Common Stock Purchase and Retirement of Common Stock ) ) ) ) Shares Withheld for Taxes ) ) Amortization of Stock-Based Compensation Awards Other Comprehensive Income September 30, 2024 ) (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) June 30, 2023 ) Net Income Issuance of Common Stock Purchase and Retirement of Common Stock ) ) ) ) Shares Withheld for Taxes ) ) Amortization of Stock-Based Compensation Awards Other Comprehensive Income September 30, 2023 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 9 

CNX RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Dollars in thousands) Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Equity December 31, 2023 ) (Unaudited) Net Income Issuance of Common Stock Purchase and Retirement of Common Stock ) ) ) ) Shares Withheld for Taxes ) ) Amortization of Stock-Based Compensation Awards Other Comprehensive Income September 30, 2024 ) (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 ) (Unaudited) Net Income Issuance of Common Stock Purchase and Retirement of Common Stock ) ) ) ) Shares Withheld for Taxes ) ) Amortization of Stock-Based Compensation Awards Other Comprehensive Income September 30, 2023 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 10 

CNX RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended Dollars in Thousands September 30, Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 2024 2023 Net Income Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities: Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization Amortization of Deferred Financing Costs Stock-Based Compensation Loss (Gain) on Asset Sales and Abandonments, net ) Loss on Debt Extinguishment Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments ) ) Loss on Other Derivative Instruments Net Cash Received in Settlement of Commodity Derivative Instruments Deferred Income Taxes Other ) Changes in Operating Assets: Accounts and Notes Receivable ) Supplies Inventories Prepaid Expenses ) Changes in Other Assets ) Changes in Operating Liabilities: Accounts Payable ) ) Accrued Interest ) ) Other Operating Liabilities ) ) Changes in Other Liabilities ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital Expenditures ) ) Proceeds from Asset Sales Investments in Equity Affiliates ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Payments on Long-Term Notes ) Proceeds from CNXM Revolving Credit Facility Borrowings Repayments of CNXM Revolving Credit Facility Borrowings ) ) Proceeds from CNX Revolving Credit Facility Borrowings Repayments of CNX Revolving Credit Facility Borrowings ) ) Proceeds from Issuance of CNX Senior Notes Payments on Other Debt ) ) Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock Shares Withheld for Taxes ) ) Purchases of Common Stock ) ) Debt Issuance and Financing Fees ) ) Net Cash Used in Financing Activities ) ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 11 

CNX RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 1 

Cash Cash Equivalents 

Receivables 
 
 and , respectively, and Other Receivables were and , respectively. 
 
 The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. Management records an allowance for credit losses related to the collectability of third-party customers' receivables using the historical aging of the customer receivable balance. The collectability is determined based on past events, including historical experience, customer credit rating, as well as current market conditions. CNX monitors customer ratings and collectability on an on-going basis. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. 
 
 Provision for Expected Credit Losses Allowance for Credit Losses - Trade, End of Period Allowance for Credit Losses - Other Receivables, Beginning of Year Recoveries Collected ) Provision for Expected Credit Losses ) Write-off of Uncollectible Accounts ) Allowance for Credit Losses - Other Receivables, End of Period 

12 

NOTE 2 
 
 convertible senior notes due May 2026 (the "Convertible Notes") (See Note 10 Long-Term Debt). The number of additional shares is calculated by assuming that outstanding stock options were exercised, that outstanding restricted stock units and performance share units were released, that the shares that are issuable from the conversion of the Convertible Notes are issued (subject to the considerations discussed further in the paragraph below), and that the proceeds from such activities were used to acquire shares of common stock at the average market price during the reporting period. In periods when CNX recognizes a net loss, the impact of outstanding stock awards and the potential share settlement impact related to CNX's Convertible Notes are excluded from the diluted loss per share calculation as their inclusion would have an anti-dilutive effect. 
 
 Anti-Dilutive Restricted Stock Units 
 
 The Convertible Notes, if converted by the holder, may be settled in cash, shares of the Company's common stock or a combination thereof, at the Company's election. The Company expects to settle the principal amount of the Convertible Notes in cash. Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06 - Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity ("ASU 2020-06") amended the diluted earnings per share calculation for convertible instruments by requiring the use of the if-converted method (See Note 10 Long-Term Debt for more information). The if-converted method assumes the conversion of convertible instruments occurs at the beginning of the reporting period and diluted weighted average shares outstanding includes the common shares issuable upon conversion of the convertible instruments. In periods where CNX recognizes net income, the conversion spread has a dilutive impact on diluted earnings per share when the average market price of the Company's common stock for a given period exceeds the initial conversion price of per share for the Convertible Notes. In connection with the Convertible Notes' issuance, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain counterparties (the "Capped Calls" and "Capped Call Transactions"), which were not included in calculating the number of diluted shares outstanding, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units Performance Share Units 

13 

Basic Earnings Available to Shareholders Effect of Dilutive Securities: Add Back Interest on Convertible Notes (Net of Tax) Diluted Earnings Available to Shareholders Weighted-Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding 
 Effect of Diluted Shares: Options Restricted Stock Units Performance Share Units Convertible Notes Weighted-Average Diluted Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Earnings per Share: Basic Diluted 

NOTE 3 
 
 days of the end of the calendar month in which the hydrocarbons are delivered. A significant number of these contracts contain variable consideration because the payment terms refer to market prices at future delivery dates. In these situations, the Company has not identified a standalone selling price because the terms of the variable payments relate specifically to the Company s efforts to satisfy the performance obligations. A portion of the contracts contain fixed consideration (i.e., fixed price contracts or contracts with a fixed differential to NYMEX or index prices). The fixed consideration is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. For these contracts, the Company generally concludes that the fixed price or fixed differentials in the contracts are representative of the standalone selling price. Revenue associated with natural gas, NGL and oil as presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income represent the Company s share of revenues net of royalties and excluding revenue interests owned by others. When selling natural gas, NGL and oil on behalf of royalty owners or working interest owners, the Company is acting as an agent and thus reports the revenue on a net basis. 
 
 Included in Other Revenue and Operating Income in the Consolidated Statements of Income and in the below table are revenues generated from natural gas gathering services provided to third parties and sales of environmental attributes. The gas gathering services are interruptible in nature and include charges for the volume of gas actually gathered and do not guarantee access to the system. Volumetric based fees are based on actual volumes gathered. The Company generally considers the interruptible gathering of each unit (MMBtu) of natural gas as a separate performance obligation. Payment terms for these contracts typically require payment within days of the end of the calendar month in which the hydrocarbons are gathered. All sales of environmental attributes (which includes items such as (but are not limited to): carbon credits, air quality credits, renewable or alternative energy credits, methane capture credits, methane performance certificates, emission reductions, offsets and/or allowances) are under short-term contracts, and revenue is recognized when the environmental attribute is transferred to a third party. 
 
 14 

NGL Revenue Oil/Condensate Revenue Total Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Revenue Purchased Gas Revenue Other Sources of Revenue and Other Operating Income: Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments Other Revenue and Operating Income Total Revenue and Other Operating Income 
 
 The disaggregated revenue information corresponds with the Company s segment reporting found in Note 14 Segment Information. 
 
 Contract Balances 
 
 CNX invoices its customers once a performance obligation has been satisfied, at which point payment is unconditional. Accordingly, CNX's contracts with customers do not give rise to material contract assets or liabilities under ASC 606. The Company has contract assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer. 
 
 Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 ASC 606 requires that the Company disclose the aggregate amount of transaction price that is allocated to performance obligations that have not yet been satisfied. However, the guidance provides certain practical expedients that limit this requirement, including when variable consideration is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation or to a wholly unsatisfied promise to transfer a distinct good or service that forms part of a series. 
 
 A significant portion of CNX's natural gas, NGL and oil and purchased gas revenue is short-term in nature with a contract term of one year or less. For those contracts, CNX has utilized the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-50-14 exempting the Company from disclosure of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations if the performance obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less. 
 
 For revenue associated with contract terms greater than one year, a significant portion of the consideration in those contracts is variable in nature and the Company allocates the variable consideration in its contract entirely to each specific performance obligation to which it relates. Therefore, any remaining variable consideration in the transaction price is allocated entirely to wholly unsatisfied performance obligations. As such, the Company has not disclosed the value of unsatisfied performance obligations pursuant to the practical expedient. 
 
 For natural gas, NGL and oil revenue associated with contract terms greater than one year with a fixed price component, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was as of September 30, 2024. The Company expects to recognize net revenue of in the next 12 months and over the following 12 months, with the remainder recognized thereafter. 
 
 For revenue associated with CNX's midstream contracts, which also have terms greater than one year, the interruptible gathering of each unit of natural gas represents a separate performance obligation; therefore, future volumes are wholly unsatisfied, and disclosure of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations is not required. 

15 

NOTE 4 
 
 are included in Proceeds from Asset Sales in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and the net loss on the transaction of is included in the (Gain) Loss on Asset Sales and Abandonments, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, CNX closed on the sale of various non-operated producing oil and gas assets primarily located in the Appalachian Basin to a third party. The net cash proceeds of are included in Proceeds from Asset Sales in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and the net gain on the transaction of is included in the (Gain) Loss on Asset Sales and Abandonments, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to final adjustments related to the sale, the transaction resulted in an additional net loss of . 
 
 Additionally, (Gain) Loss on Asset Sales and Abandonments, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and Proceeds from Asset Sales in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 include the sale of various non-core assets (rights-of-way, surface acreage and other non-core oil and gas interests and assets), none of which were individually material. 

NOTE 5 
 
 and , respectively. The effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were ) and , respectively. The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the impact of equity compensation, federal tax credits, and state taxes. The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the impact of equity compensation, federal tax credits, and state taxes (change in West Virginia tax law). 
 
 The total amount of uncertain tax positions at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. If these uncertain tax positions were recognized, approximately and would affect CNX's effective tax rate at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In 2024, CNX recognized an increase in unrecognized tax benefits of for tax benefits resulting from tax positions claimed on our 2023 federal income tax return and anticipated to be claimed on our 2024 federal income tax return for additional federal tax credits. 
 
 CNX recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in interest expense and income tax expense, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, CNX had accrued liabilities for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 
 
 CNX and its subsidiaries file federal income tax returns with the United States and tax returns within various states. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to United States federal, state, local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years before 2021. 
 
 in the Consolidated Statements of Income to reflect the recent legislative change resulting in a decrease to deferred tax liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 16 

NOTE 6 Gas Gathering Equipment Gas Wells and Related Equipment Proved Gas Properties Unproved Gas Properties Surface Land and Other Equipment Other Total Property, Plant and Equipment Less: Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization Total Property, Plant and Equipment - Net 

NOTE 7 
 
 , resulting in a carrying value of at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Other Intangible Assets: 
 
 Less: Accumulated Amortization - Customer Relationships Total Other Intangible Assets, net 
 
 The customer relationship intangible asset is being amortized on a straight-line basis over approximately years. Amortization expense related to other intangible assets for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. The estimated annual amortization expense is expected to approximate per year for each of the next five years. 

NOTE 8 
 borrowing base and of elected commitments and replaced the Company s existing senior secured revolving credit facility (the prior CNX Credit Facility which had a borrowing base and of elected commitments, had been entered into as of October 6, 2021, and had a maturity of October 6, 2026. 
 The availability under the CNX Credit Facility, including availability for letters of credit, is generally limited to a borrowing base, which is determined by the required number of lenders in good faith by calculating a loan value of the Company s proved reserves. 

17 

, and (iii) the one-month SOFR rate plus , in each case, plus a margin ranging from to ; or 
 the SOFR rate plus a margin ranging from to . 
 
 The CNX Credit Facility matures on May 17, 2029, provided that if at any time on or after (1) January 30, 2026 (or October 31, 2025, if any debt (as defined in the CNX Credit Facility) is outstanding with a springing maturity date), if any of the Company s Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 are outstanding and (a) availability under the CNX Credit Facility minus (b) the aggregate principal amount of all such outstanding Convertible Senior Notes is less than of the aggregate commitments under the CNX Credit Facility, or (2) October 16, 2028 (or July 17, 2028, if any debt (as defined in the CNX Credit Facility) is outstanding with a springing maturity date), if any of the Company s Senior Notes due 2029 are outstanding and (a) availability under the CNX Credit Facility minus (b) the aggregate principal amount of all such outstanding Senior Notes is less than of the aggregate commitments under the CNX Credit Facility (the first such date, the "Springing Maturity Date'), then the CNX Credit Facility will mature on the Springing Maturity Date. 
 The CNX Credit Facility also requires that CNX maintain a maximum net leverage ratio of no greater than to 1.00, which is calculated as the ratio of debt less cash on hand to consolidated EBITDA, measured quarterly. CNX must also maintain a minimum current ratio of no less than to 1.00, which is calculated as the ratio of current assets, plus revolver availability, to current liabilities, excluding derivative asset/liability position, and convertible note liability until one year prior to maturity, and borrowings under the revolver, measured quarterly. The calculation of all of the ratios excludes CNXM, its subsidiaries, and its general partner. CNX was in compliance with all financial covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the CNX Credit Facility had of borrowings outstanding, with a weighted average interest rate of and of letters of credit outstanding, leaving of unused capacity. At December 31, 2023, the prior CNX Credit Facility had borrowings outstanding, with a weighted average interest rate of and of letters of credit outstanding, leaving of unused capacity. 
 
 CNXM: 
 CNXM as borrower and certain of its subsidiaries as guarantor loan parties entered into a new Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement for a senior secured revolving credit facility (the CNXM Credit Facility"), dated as of May 17, 2024 and maturing on May 17, 2029. The new senior secured revolving credit facility replaced the Company s existing senior secured revolving credit facility (the prior CNXM Credit Facility") which had been entered into as of October 6, 2021 and had a maturity of October 6, 2026. The CNXM Credit Facility is not subject to semi-annual redetermination and CNX is not a guarantor under the CNXM Credit Facility. 
 
 In addition to refinancing all outstanding amounts under the prior CNXM Credit Facility, borrowings under the CNXM Credit Facility may be used by CNXM for general corporate purposes. 
 
 Interest on outstanding indebtedness under the CNXM Credit Facility currently accrues, at CNXM's option, at a rate based on either: 
 the highest of (i) PNC Bank, National Association s prime rate, (ii) the federal funds open rate plus , and (iii) the one-month SOFR rate plus , in each case, plus a margin ranging from to ; or 
 the SOFR rate plus a margin ranging from to . 
 
 In addition, CNXM is obligated to maintain at the end of each fiscal quarter (x) a maximum net leverage ratio of no greater than between to 1.00 (ranging to no greater than to 1.00 in certain circumstances); (y) a maximum secured leverage ratio of no greater than to 1.00; and (z) a minimum interest coverage ratio of no less than to 1.00; in each case as calculated in accordance with the terms and definitions determining such ratios contained in the CNXM Credit Facility. CNXM was in compliance with all financial covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the CNXM Credit Facility had of borrowings outstanding, with a weighted average interest rate of and no letters of credit outstanding, leaving of unused capacity. At December 31, 2023, the 
 
 18 

of borrowings outstanding, with a weighted average interest rate of , and no letters of credit outstanding, leaving of unused capacity. 

NOTE 9 Accrued Interest Transportation Charges Deferred Revenue Short-Term Incentive Compensation Accrued Other Taxes Accrued Payroll Benefits Purchased Gas Payable Other Current Portion of Long-Term Liabilities: Asset Retirement Obligations Salary Retirement Total Other Accrued Liabilities 

NOTE 10 , Issued at Par Value 
 Senior Notes due January 2031 at (Principal of less Unamortized Discount of and , respectively) 
 CNX Midstream Partners LP Senior Notes due April 2030 at (Principal of less Unamortized Discount of and , respectively) 
 Senior Notes due March 2032 at (Principal of less Unamortized Discount of 
 Convertible Senior Notes due May 2026 at (Principal of less Unamortized Discount and Issuance Costs of and , respectively) 
 CNX Revolving Credit Facility CNX Midstream Partners LP Revolving Credit Facility Senior Notes due March 2027 at (Principal of plus Unamortized Premium of 
 Less: Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs Less: Current Portion Long-Term Debt 
 Senior Notes due April 2030 or the CNXM Credit Facility. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, CNX completed a private offering of aggregate principal amount of CNX Senior Notes due March 2032 (the "CNX Senior Notes due March 2032") less an unamortized discount of . The CNX Senior Notes due March 2032, along with the related guarantees, were issued pursuant to an indenture dated February 23, 2024 and accrue interest from February 23, 2024 at a rate of per year. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2024. The CNX Senior Notes due March 2032 mature on March 1, 2032. Payment of the principal and interest on the notes is guaranteed by most of CNX s subsidiaries but does not include CNXM (or its subsidiaries or general partner). 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, CNX purchased and retired of its outstanding Senior Notes due March 2027. As part of the transaction, a loss of was included in Loss on Debt Extinguishment in the Consolidated Statements of Income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

19 

in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes due May 2026 ("the Convertible Notes") in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the exercise in full of the initial purchasers option to purchase additional Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of the Company. The Convertible Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing on November 1, 2020. Proceeds from the issuance of the Convertible Notes totaled , net of initial purchaser discounts and issuance costs. The Convertible Notes are guaranteed by most of CNX's subsidiaries but does not include CNXM (or its subsidiaries or general partner). 
 
 The initial conversion rate is 77.8816 shares of CNX's common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified events. 
 
 The Convertible Notes will mature on May 1, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before February 1, 2026, noteholders will have the right to convert their Convertible Notes only upon the occurrence of the following events: 
 
 during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) commencing after June 30, 2020, if the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock exceeds one hundred and thirty percent of the Conversion Price for each of at least twenty ) Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the thirty ) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the last Trading Day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; 
 during the five ) consecutive Business Days immediately after any ten ) consecutive trading day period (such ten ) consecutive Trading Day period, the "Measurement Period") if the trading Price per 1,000 principal amount of Notes, as determined following a request by a Holder in accordance with the procedures set forth in the indenture, for each trading day of the Measurement Period was less than ninety eight percent of the product of the last reported sale price per share of common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; 
 if CNX calls any or all of the Convertible Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or 
 upon the occurrence of certain specified corporate events as set forth in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes. 
 
 From and after February 1, 2026, noteholders may convert their Convertible Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. 
 
 Upon conversion, the Company may satisfy its conversion obligation by paying and/or delivering, as the case may be, cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s election, in the manner and subject to the terms and conditions provided in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment under certain circumstances in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the Convertible Notes. In addition, following certain corporate events, as described in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes, that occur prior to the maturity date, the Company will increase the conversion rate, in certain circumstances, for a holder who elects to convert its Convertible Notes in connection with such a corporate event. 
 
 The Company s current intent is to settle the principal amount of the Convertible Notes in cash upon conversion. 
 
 If certain corporate events that constitute a Fundamental Change (as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes) occur, then noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their Convertible Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Company s common stock. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Convertible Notes indenture, the Sale Price per share of Common Stock condition for conversion of the Convertible Notes was satisfied as of September 30, 2024, and, accordingly, holders of Convertible Notes are permitted to convert any of their Convertible Notes, at their option, at any time during the quarter beginning on October 1, 2024 and ending on December 31, 2024, subject to all terms and conditions set forth in the Convertible Notes indenture. The Convertible Notes are therefore classified as short-term debt at September 30, 2024. 
 
 The reported interest expense for the Convertible Notes is equal to the cash coupon rate. Also, the Company uses the if-converted method for the assumed conversion of the Convertible Notes when calculating diluted earnings per share. 
 
 In accounting for the debt issuance costs of , the Company allocated the total amount incurred to the liability and equity components using the same proportions as the proceeds of the Convertible Notes. Issuance costs attributable to the 
 
 20 

and were being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the contractual term of the Convertible Notes. Issuance costs attributable to the equity component were and were netted with the equity component in Capital in Excess of Par Value in the Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity. 
 
 Unamortized Issuance Costs ) ) Net Carrying Amount Fair Value Fair Value Hierarchy Level 2 Level 2 
 
 Interest expense related to the Convertible Notes is as follows: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Contractual Interest Expense Amortization of Issuance Costs Total Interest Expense 
 
 per share, subject to certain adjustments, which correspond to the initial conversion price of the Convertible Notes. The Capped Calls have an initial cap price of per share, subject to certain adjustments. The Capped Calls cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of the Company s common stock that initially underlie the Convertible Notes, and are expected generally to reduce potential dilution to the Company s common stock upon any conversion of Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Convertible Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap, based on the cap price of the Capped Call Transactions. The conditions that cause adjustments to the initial strike price of the Capped Calls mirror the conditions that result in corresponding adjustments for the Convertible Notes. For accounting purposes, the Capped Calls are separate transactions, and not part of the terms of the Convertible Notes. As these transactions meet certain accounting criteria, the Capped Calls are recorded in stockholders equity and are not accounted for as derivatives. The cost of incurred in connection with the Capped Calls was recorded as a reduction to Capital in Excess of Par Value. 

NOTE 11 
 retirees allegedly traced to the December 2013 sale by CONSOL Energy Inc. to Murray Energy of the following possible 
 
 21 

which is payable over . Under the SDA, CONSOL became successor-in-interest to the Coal Business and accepted and agreed to assume and be responsible for all Coal Liabilities. The assumed Coal Liabilities are defined broadly in the SDA and specifically include claims, like the 1974 Plan claim, arising under ERISA; involving contributions or other obligations pursuant to any Benefits Plan; and any withdraw liabilities. CONSOL also unequivocally agreed to defend and indemnify CNX for all liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from any Coal Liabilities. CNX timely tendered the 1974 Plan claim to CONSOL for defense and indemnity in July 2021, which it denied. CNX continued to demand indemnity from CONSOL including prior to, during and after the March 2024 mediation. After CONSOL repudiated its contractual obligations to CNX, and after having timely fulfilled all SDA prerequisites for bringing the action, on March 7, 2024, CNX sued CONSOL for breach of contract seeking an order requiring CONSOL to indemnify CNX for the 1974 Plan claim settlement. CNX has determined that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. CNX also concluded that it is probable under the terms of the SDA and under the relevant law as it currently exists, it is fully entitled to be indemnified and seek recovery from CONSOL. As a result, the present value of the settlement was recognized in Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024, with the current portion recognized in Other Accrued Liabilities. A corresponding receivable was recognized in Other Non-Current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024, with the current portion recognized in Other Receivables. These balances may be adjusted from time to time, as appropriate, to reflect changes in circumstances. 

22 

Other Total Letters of Credit Surety Bonds: Employee-Related Environmental Firm Transportation Financial Guarantees Other Total Surety Bonds Total Commitments 
 
 Excluded from the above table are commitments and guarantees entered into in conjunction with the spin-off of the Company's coal business in November 2017. Although CONSOL has agreed to indemnify CNX to the extent that CNX would be called upon to pay any of these liabilities, there is no assurance that CONSOL will satisfy its obligations to indemnify CNX in the event that CNX is so called upon (See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in the 2023 Form 10-K for additional information). 
 
 CNX enters into long-term unconditional purchase obligations to procure major equipment purchases, natural gas firm transportation, gas drilling services and other operating goods and services. These purchase obligations are not recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 1 - 3 years 3 - 5 years More than 5 years Total Purchase Obligations 

NOTE 12 
 
 basis points, related to of borrowings under the CNX Credit Facility which had the economic effect of modifying the variable-interest obligation into a fixed-interest obligation over a period. This agreement expired in March 2024. 
 
 In March 2020, CNX entered into a interest rate swap related to an additional of borrowings under the CNX Credit Facility, inclusive of a put option at basis points. In December 2020, CNX executed an offsetting interest rate swap. Consistent with the previous interest rate swap agreements, the interest rate swaps were entered into to manage CNX's exposure to interest rate volatility. This agreement expired in April 2024. 
 
 CNX enters into financial derivative instruments (over-the-counter swaps) to manage its exposure to natural gas and NGL price fluctuations. Commodity hedges are accounted for on a mark-to-market basis with changes in fair value recorded in current period earnings. 
 
 CNX is exposed to credit risk in the event of non-performance by counterparties. The creditworthiness of counterparties is subject to continuing review. The Company has not experienced any issues of non-performance by derivative counterparties. 

23 

2028 Natural Gas Basis Swaps (Bcf) 2028 NGL Commodity Swaps (Mbbls) 2025 Interest Rate Swaps 2024 
 
 NGL Commodity Swaps Natural Gas Basis Swaps Interest Rate Swaps Total Current Assets Other Non-Current Assets: Commodity Derivative Instruments: Natural Gas Commodity Swaps Natural Gas Basis Swaps Total Other Non-Current Assets Current Liabilities: Commodity Derivative Instruments: Natural Gas Commodity Swaps NGL Commodity Swaps Natural Gas Basis Swaps Interest Rate Swaps Total Current Liabilities Non-Current Liabilities: Commodity Derivative Instruments: Natural Gas Commodity Swaps Natural Gas Basis Swaps Total Non-Current Liabilities 

24 

Natural Gas Basis Swaps NGL Commodity Swaps Total Realized Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Commodity Derivative Instruments: Natural Gas Commodity Swaps ) Natural Gas Basis Swaps ) ) ) ) NGL Commodity Swaps ) Total Unrealized (Loss) Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments ) ) ) Gain (Loss) on Commodity Derivative Instruments: Natural Gas Commodity Swaps Natural Gas Basis Swaps ) ) ) NGL Commodity Swaps ) Total Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments 
 Includes of commodity derivatives that have been settled but not received at September 30, 2024, and excludes of commodity derivatives that were settled but not received and that were settled but not paid at December 31, 2023. 
 Includes of commodity derivatives that have been settled but not received at September 30, 2023 and excludes of commodity derivatives that were settled but not paid at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effect of interest rate swaps on Interest Expense in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income was as follows: 
 For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cash Received in Settlement of Interest Rate Swaps Unrealized Loss on Interest Rate Swaps ) ) ) Gain on Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 The Company also enters into fixed price natural gas sales agreements that are satisfied by physical delivery. These physical commodity contracts qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales exception and are not subject to derivative instrument accounting. 

NOTE 13 

25 

) ) Interest Rate Swaps 
 Includes of commodity derivatives that have been settled but not received at September 30, 2024. 
 Includes of commodity derivatives that have been settled but not received and that have been settled but not paid at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Long-Term Debt (Excluding Debt Issuance Costs) 
 Cash and cash equivalents represent highly-liquid instruments and constitute Level 1 fair value measurements. Certain of the Company s debt is actively traded on a public market and, as a result, constitute Level 1 fair value measurements. The portion of the Company s debt obligations that is not actively traded is valued through reference to the applicable underlying benchmark rate and, as a result, constitute Level 2 fair value measurements . 

NOTE 14 
 reportable segments that conduct those operations: Shale and Coalbed Methane. The Other Segment includes nominal shallow oil and gas production which is not significant to the Company. It also includes the Company's purchased gas activities, unrealized gain or loss on commodity derivative instruments, exploration and production related other costs, New Technologies, as well as various other expenses that are managed outside the reportable segments as discussed above. Operating profit for each segment is based on sales less identifiable operating and non-operating expenses. 
 
 26 

(A) Purchased Gas Revenue Gain (Loss) on Commodity Derivative Instruments ) Other Revenue and Operating Income (B) Total Revenue and Other Operating Income Total Operating Expense Earnings (Loss) Before Income Tax ) ) Segment Assets (C) Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization Capital Expenditures 
 
 (A) Included in Natural Gas, NGLs and Oil Revenue are sales of to Citadel Energy Marketing LLC, which comprises over 10 of revenue from contracts with external customers for the period. 
 (B) Includes midstream revenue of and equity in loss of unconsolidated affiliates of for Shale and Other, respectively. Other also includes sales of environmental attributes of . 
 (C) Other includes investments in unconsolidated equity affiliates of . 

Industry segment results for the three months ended September 30, 2023 are: 
 Shale Coalbed Methane Other Consolidated Natural Gas, NGLs and Oil Revenue (D) Purchased Gas Revenue Gain (Loss) on Commodity Derivative Instruments ) Other Revenue and Operating Income (E) Total Revenue and Other Operating Income (Loss) ) Total Operating Expense Earnings (Loss) Before Income Tax ) ) Segment Assets (F) Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization Capital Expenditures 
 
 (D) Included in Natural Gas, NGLs and Oil Revenue are sales of to Citadel Energy Marketing LLC, and to NRG Business Marketing LLC, each of which comprises over 10 of revenue from contracts with external customers for the period. 
 (E) Includes midstream revenue of and equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates of for Shale and Other, respectively. Other also includes sales of environmental attributes of . 
 (F) Other includes investments in unconsolidated equity affiliates of . 
 
 Industry segment results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are: 
 Shale Coalbed Methane Other Consolidated Natural Gas, NGLs and Oil Revenue (G) Purchased Gas Revenue Gain (Loss) on Commodity Derivative Instruments ) Other Revenue and Operating Income (H) Total Revenue and Other Operating Income (Loss) ) Total Operating Expense Earnings (Loss) Before Income Tax ) ) Segment Assets (I) Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization Capital Expenditures 
 
 (G) Included in Natural Gas, NGLs and Oil Revenue are sales of to NRG Business Marketing LLC, which comprises over 10 of revenue from contracts with external customers for the period. 
 (H) Includes midstream revenue of and equity in loss of unconsolidated affiliates of for Shale and Other, respectively. Other also includes sales of environmental attributes of . 
 (I) Other includes investments in unconsolidated equity affiliates of . 

27 

(J) Purchased Gas Revenue Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments Other Revenue and Operating Income (K) Total Revenue and Other Operating Income Total Operating Expense Earnings Before Income Tax Segment Assets (L) Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization Capital Expenditures 
 
 (J) Included in Natural Gas, NGLs and Oil Revenue are sales of to Citadel Energy Marketing LLC, and to NRG Business Marketing LLC, each of which comprises over 10 of revenue from contracts with external customers for the period. 
 (K) Includes midstream revenue of and equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates of for Shale and Other, respectively. Other also includes sales of environmental attributes of . 
 (L) Other includes investments in unconsolidated equity affiliates of . 

Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments Other Operating Income Total Consolidated Revenue and Other Operating Income 

NOTE 15 
 stock repurchase program plan to , , and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the amount available under the stock repurchase program is and is not subject to an expiration date. The repurchases may be effected from time-to-time through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, Rule 10b5-1 plans, accelerated stock repurchases, block trades, derivative contracts or otherwise in compliance with Rule 10b-18. The timing of any repurchases will be based on a number of factors, including available liquidity, the Company's stock price, the Company's financial outlook, and alternative investment options. The stock repurchase program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares and the Board may modify, suspend, or discontinue its authorization of the program at any time. The Company's Board of Directors will continue to evaluate the size of the stock repurchase program based on CNX's free cash flow position, leverage ratio, and capital plans. 
 
 shares were repurchased and retired at an average price of per share for a total cost of . During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, shares were repurchased and retired at an average price of per share for a total cost of . The one-percent excise tax under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 is included in total costs for both periods. 

28 

NOTE 16 
 
 and , respectively, which are included in accounts payable. 
 
 Income Taxes 

NOTE 17 

29 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. The information provided below supplements, but does not form part of, CNX's financial statements. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on the current views and beliefs of management, as well as assumptions and estimates made by management. Actual results could differ materially from any such forward-looking statements as a result of various risk factors, including those that may not be in the control of management. For further information on items that could impact future operating performance or financial condition, please see "Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors" and the section entitled "Forward-Looking Statements" contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which we filed with the SEC on February 8, 2024 (the 2023 Form 10-K ). CNX does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements except as otherwise required by applicable law. 
 
 General 
 
 CNX continually monitors factors that could cause actual results of operations to differ from historical results or current expectations. Examples include global events such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and announcements by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries that impact oil production, both of which have had an impact on global commodity prices. These and other factors could affect the Company s operations, earnings and cash flows for any period and could cause such results to not be comparable to those of the same period in previous years. The results presented in this Form 10-Q are not necessarily indicative of future operating results. 
 
 Natural Gas, NGL, and Oil Pricing 
 
 Prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil that CNX produces significantly impact revenue and cash flows. In the current economic environment, CNX expects that commodity prices for some or all of the commodities we produce will remain volatile. In order to manage the market risk exposure of volatile natural gas prices in the future, CNX enters into various physical natural gas supply transactions with both gas marketers and end users for terms varying in length as well as financial hedges. However, this market volatility is beyond our control and may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and future cash flows. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 The inflationary environment over the last few years, primarily related to steel, diesel fuel and labor, continues to present a risk for CNX and the broader natural gas industry. If inflation were to increase materially for any extended period of time, and CNX is unable to successfully mitigate the impact, our costs could increase further, thus having a greater impact on our financial position. CNX remains committed to our ongoing efforts to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve costs, which may, in part, offset any additional cost increases from inflation. 
 
 Hedging Update 
 
 Total hedged natural gas production for the fourth quarter of 2024 is 114.9 Bcf. CNX's annual gas hedge position is shown in the table below: 
 2024 2025 Volumes Hedged (Bcf), as of 10/4/24 433.2 (1) 
 410.9 
 1 Includes actual settlements of 256.7 Bcf. 
 
 CNX's hedged gas volumes include a combination of NYMEX financial hedges, index (NYMEX and basis) financial hedges, and physical fixed price sales. In addition, to protect the NYMEX hedge volumes from basis exposure, CNX enters into basis-only financial hedges and physical sales with fixed basis at certain sales points. CNX has also entered into a nominal quantity of NGL hedges. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in Item 3 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 

30 

New Technologies Update 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, CNX recognized 25 million and 71 million, respectively of sales of environmental attributes which includes items such as (but is not limited to): carbon credits, air quality credits, renewable or alternative energy credits, methane capture credits, methane performance certificates, emission reductions, offsets and/or allowances. These sales are included as part of Other Revenue and Operating Income in the Other Segment. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, CNX incurred 4 million and 11 million, respectively of environmental attribute fees which represent costs related to the sale of environmental attributes and are included in Other Operating Expense in the Other Segment. 
 
 CNX continues to devote resources to the development of unique, proprietary technologies to further enable vertical and horizontal business growth. This includes the development and use of proprietary technology to enhance and alter manufacturing processes for the extraction and delivery of natural gas through the development and commercialization of emerging technologies, as well as the development and sale of environmental attributes from our operations. CNX is also focusing on forging strategic partnerships for the use of low carbon intensity feedstocks and creation of derivative products. 

31 

Results of Operations - Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Net Income 
 
 CNX reported net income of 66 million, or earnings per diluted share of 0.37, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net income of 21 million, or earnings per diluted share of 0.12, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Included in earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was an unrealized loss on commodity derivative instruments of 6 million and a net gain on asset sales and abandonments of 11 million. Included in earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was an unrealized loss on commodity derivative instruments of 54 million and a net gain on asset sales and abandonments of 6 million. See Note 4 Acquisitions and Dispositions in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information related to the gain on asset sales and abandonments. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 CNX's management uses certain non-GAAP financial measures for planning, forecasting and evaluating business and financial performance, and believes that they are useful for investors in analyzing the Company. Although these are not measures of performance calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), management believes that these financial measures are useful to an investor in evaluating CNX because these metrics are widely used to evaluate a natural gas company s operating performance. Sales of Natural Gas, NGL and Oil, including cash settlements is a non-GAAP measure that excludes the impacts of changes in the fair value of commodity derivative instruments prior to settlement, which are often volatile, and only includes the impact of settled commodity derivative instruments. Sales of Natural Gas, NGL and Oil, including cash settlements also excludes purchased gas revenue and other revenue and operating income, which are not directly related to CNX s natural gas producing activities. Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Costs is a non-GAAP measure that excludes certain expenses that are not directly related to CNX s natural gas producing activities and are managed outside our production operations (See Note 14 Segment Information in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information). These expenses include, but are not limited to, interest expense, other operating expense and other corporate expenses such as selling, general and administrative costs. We believe that Sales of Natural Gas, NGL and Oil, including cash settlements, Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Costs and Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Margin (which is derived by subtracting Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Costs from Sales of Natural Gas, NGL and Oil, including cash settlements) provide useful information to investors for evaluating period-to-period comparisons of earnings trends. These metrics should not be viewed as a substitute for measures of performance that are calculated in accordance with GAAP. In addition, because all companies do not calculate these measures identically, these measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Total Revenue and Other Operating Income 424 350 Add (Deduct): Purchased Gas Revenue (27) (11) Unrealized Loss on Commodity Derivative Instruments 6 54 Other Revenue and Operating Income (49) (36) Sales of Natural Gas, NGL and Oil, including Cash Settlements, a Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 354 357 Total Operating Expense 319 300 Add (Deduct): Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization (DD A) - Corporate (4) (4) Exploration and Production Related Other Costs (2) (2) Purchased Gas Costs (27) (10) Selling, General and Administrative Costs (33) (29) Other Operating Expense (16) (26) Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Costs, a Non-GAAP Financial Measure 1 
 237 229 
 
 32 

1 Natural Gas, NGL and Oil production costs consists primarily of lease operating expense, production ad valorem and other fees, transportation, gathering and compression and production related depreciation, depletion and amortization. 
 
 Selected Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Financial Data 
 
 The following table presents a summary of our total sales volumes, sales of natural gas, NGL and oil including cash settlements, natural gas, NGL and oil production costs and natural gas, NGL and oil production margin related to our production operations on a total company basis (See Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation above for the reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP): 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance in Millions Per Mcfe in Millions Per Mcfe in Millions Per Mcfe Total Sales Volumes (Bcfe) 134.5 143.4 (8.9) Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Revenue 259 1.85 255 1.71 4 0.14 Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments - Cash Settlement 95 0.78 102 0.78 (7) Sales of Natural Gas, NGL and Oil, including Cash Settlements, a Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 354 2.63 357 2.49 (3) 0.14 Lease Operating Expense 17 0.13 17 0.12 0.01 Production, Ad Valorem, and Other Fees 7 0.05 8 0.06 (1) (0.01) Transportation, Gathering and Compression 96 0.72 96 0.67 0.05 Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization (DD A) 117 0.86 108 0.75 9 0.11 Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Costs, a Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 237 1.76 229 1.60 8 0.16 Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Margin, a Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 117 0.87 128 0.89 (11) (0.02) 
 
 NGLs and Oil/Condensate are converted to Mcfe at the rate of one barrel equals six Mcf based upon the approximate relative energy content of oil and natural gas, which is not indicative of the relationship of NGL, condensate, and natural gas prices. 
 
 The 8.9 Bcfe decrease in total sales volumes in the period-to-period comparison was primarily due to normal production declines and the timing of when new wells were turned-in-line after the 2023 period offset, in part, by an increase in NGL volumes primarily due to an increase in ethane recoveries. 
 
 Changes in the average costs per Mcfe were primarily related to the following items: 
 Transportation, gathering and compression expense increased on a per unit basis primarily due to higher processing fees related to the increase in NGL volumes offset, in part, by lower repairs and maintenance expense. The per unit increase was also due to the overall decrease in total sales volumes. 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense increased on a per unit basis primarily due to a higher annual depletion rate for 2024. The increase in rate is primarily attributable to downward reserve revisions due to adjustments to the five-year development plan that lowered proved undeveloped reserves, price changes, and the sale of various non-operated producing oil and gas assets. 

33 

Average Realized Price Reconciliation 
 
 The following table presents a breakout of liquids and natural gas sales information and settled derivative information to assist in the understanding of the Company s natural gas production and sales portfolio and information regarding settled commodity derivatives: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, in thousands (unless noted) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change LIQUIDS NGL: Sales Volume (MMcfe) 13,196 11,941 1,255 10.5 Sales Volume (Mbbls) 2,199 1,990 209 10.5 Gross Price /Bbl) 21.00 19.14 1.86 9.7 Gross NGL Revenue 46,173 38,082 8,091 21.2 Oil/Condensate: Sales Volume (MMcfe) 394 199 195 98.0 Sales Volume (Mbbls) 66 33 33 100.0 Gross Price /Bbl) 61.86 67.26 (5.40) (8.0) Gross Oil/Condensate Revenue 4,058 2,232 1,826 81.8 NATURAL GAS Sales Volume (MMcf) 120,900 131,287 (10,387) (7.9) Sales Price /Mcf) 1.73 1.64 0.09 5.5 Gross Natural Gas Revenue 209,228 214,809 (5,581) (2.6) Hedging Impact /Mcf) 0.78 0.78 Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments - Cash Settlement 94,663 101,871 (7,208) (7.1) 
 
 The decrease in Sales of Natural Gas, NGL and Oil, including Cash Settlements, a Non-GAAP Financial Measure was primarily due to the 8.9 Bcfe decrease in total sales volumes and the impact of the change in the realized gain on commodity derivative instruments - cash settlement related to the Company's hedging program. The decrease was offset, in part, by the 0.09 per Mcf increase in natural gas sales price, when excluding the impact of hedging and 1.86 per Bbl increase in NGL prices. 
 
 34 

SEGMENT ANALYSIS for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023: 
 
 For the Three Months Ended Difference to Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (in millions) Shale CBM Other Total Shale CBM Other Total Natural Gas, NGLs and Oil Revenue 237 22 259 10 (6) 4 Gain (Loss) on Commodity Derivative Instruments 88 7 (6) 89 (7) 48 41 Purchased Gas Revenue 27 27 16 16 Other Revenue and Operating Income 18 31 49 2 11 13 Total Revenue and Other Operating Income 343 29 52 424 5 (6) 75 74 Lease Operating Expense 12 5 17 Production, Ad Valorem, and Other Fees 5 2 7 (1) (1) Transportation, Gathering and Compression 80 16 96 1 (1) Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization 101 15 5 121 6 3 9 Exploration and Production Related Other Costs 2 2 Purchased Gas Costs 27 27 17 17 Selling, General and Administrative Costs 33 33 4 4 Other Operating Expense 16 16 (10) (10) Total Operating Expense 198 38 83 319 6 2 11 19 Other Income (5) (5) (7) (7) Gain on Asset Sales and Abandonments, net (11) (11) (5) (5) Interest Expense 38 38 3 3 Total Other Expense 22 22 (9) (9) Total Costs and Expenses 198 38 105 341 6 2 2 10 Earnings (Loss) Before Income Tax 145 (9) (53) 83 (1) (8) 73 64 
 
 35 

SHALE SEGMENT 
 
 The Shale segment had earnings before income tax of 145 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to earnings before income tax of 146 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Shale Gas Sales Volumes (Bcf) 110.8 121.1 (10.3) (8.5) NGLs Sales Volumes (Bcfe) 13.2 11.9 1.3 10.9 Oil/Condensate Sales Volumes (Bcfe) 0.4 0.2 0.2 100.0 Total Shale Sales Volumes (Bcfe) 124.4 133.2 (8.8) (6.6) Average Sales Price - Natural Gas (per Mcf) 1.69 1.55 0.14 9.0 Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments - Cash Settlement (per Mcf) 0.79 0.78 0.01 1.3 Average Sales Price - NGLs (per Mcfe) 3.50 3.19 0.31 9.7 Average Sales Price - Oil/Condensate (per Mcfe) 10.30 11.20 (0.90) (8.0) Total Average Shale Sales Price (per Mcfe) 2.61 2.42 0.19 7.9 Average Shale Lease Operating Expenses (per Mcfe) 0.09 0.09 Average Shale Production, Ad Valorem and Other Fees (per Mcfe) 0.04 0.05 (0.01) (20.0) Average Shale Transportation, Gathering and Compression Costs (per Mcfe) 0.64 0.59 0.05 8.5 Average Shale Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization Costs (per Mcfe) 0.82 0.71 0.11 15.5 Total Average Shale Production Costs (per Mcfe) 1.59 1.44 0.15 10.4 Total Average Shale Production Margin (per Mcfe) 1.02 0.98 0.04 4.1 
 NGLs and Oil/Condensate are converted to Mcfe at the rate of one barrel equals six Mcf based upon the approximate relative energy content of oil and natural gas, which is not indicative of the relationship of oil, NGL, condensate, and natural gas prices. 
 
 The Shale segment had natural gas, NGLs and oil/condensate revenue of 237 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 227 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 10 million increase was primarily due to a 9.0 increase in the average sales price for natural gas and a 9.7 increase in the average sales price of NGLs offset, in part, by a 6.6 decrease in total Shale sales volumes. The decrease in total Shale sales volumes was primarily due to normal production declines and the timing of when new wells were turned-in-line offset, in part, by an increase in NGL sales volumes due to an increase in ethane recoveries. 
 
 The increase in total average Shale sales price was primarily due to a 0.14 per Mcf increase in average natural gas sales price, a 0.31 per Mcfe increase in the average NGL sales price, and a 0.01 per Mcf change in the realized gain on commodity derivative instruments. The notional amounts associated with these financial hedges represented approximately 96.0 Bcf of the Company's produced Shale gas sales volumes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 at an average gain of 0.91 per Mcf hedged. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, these financial hedges represented approximately 105.3 Bcf at an average gain of 0.89 per Mcf hedged. 
 
 Total operating costs and expenses for the Shale segment were 198 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 192 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increases in total dollars and unit costs for the Shale segment were due to the following items: 
 
 Shale transportation, gathering and compression costs were 80 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 79 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in total dollars and unit costs was primarily due to an increase in processing costs due to the increase in NGL sales volumes offset, in part, by lower repairs and maintenance expense. The increase in unit costs was also due to the overall decrease in Shale sales volumes. 
 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization costs attributable to the Shale segment were 101 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 95 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. These amounts included depletion on a units of production basis of 0.70 per Mcfe and 0.60 per Mcfe, respectively. The increase in the units of production depreciation, depletion and amortization rate in the current period is primarily due to a higher annual depletion 
 
 36 

rate for 2024. The increase in rate is primarily attributable to downward reserve revisions due to adjustments to the five-year development plan that lowered proved undeveloped reserves, price changes, and the sale of various non-operated producing oil and gas assets. The remaining depreciation, depletion and amortization costs were either recorded on a straight-line basis or related to asset retirement obligations. 
 
 Total Shale other revenue and operating income relates to natural gas gathering services provided to third parties. The Shale segment had other revenue and operating income of 18 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 16 million for the three months September 30, 2023. 

COALBED METHANE (CBM) SEGMENT 
 
 The CBM segment had a loss before income tax of 9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a loss before income tax of 1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change CBM Gas Sales Volumes (Bcf) 10.0 10.2 (0.2) (2.0) Average Sales Price - Gas (per Mcf) 2.19 2.71 (0.52) (19.2) Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments - Cash Settlement (per Mcf) 0.71 0.72 (0.01) (1.4) Total Average CBM Sales Price (per Mcf) 2.90 3.43 (0.53) (15.5) Average CBM Lease Operating Expenses (per Mcf) 0.55 0.49 0.06 12.2 Average CBM Production, Ad Valorem and Other Fees (per Mcf) 0.12 0.14 (0.02) (14.3) Average CBM Transportation, Gathering and Compression Costs (per Mcf) 1.64 1.66 (0.02) (1.2) Average CBM Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization Costs (per Mcf) 1.50 1.23 0.27 22.0 Total Average CBM Production Costs (per Mcf) 3.81 3.52 0.29 8.2 Total Average CBM Production Margin (per Mcf) (0.91) (0.09) (0.82) (911.1) 
 The CBM segment had natural gas revenue of 22 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 28 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 6 million decrease was primarily due to a 19.2 decrease in the average sales price for natural gas in the current period and a 2.0 decrease in CBM sales volumes due to normal production declines. 
 
 The total average CBM sales price decreased 0.53 per Mcf primarily due to a 0.52 per Mcf decrease in average gas sales price and a 0.01 per Mcf change in the realized gain on commodity derivative instruments. The notional amounts associated with these financial hedges represented approximately 7.9 Bcf of the Company's produced CBM sales volumes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 at an average gain of 0.90 per Mcf hedged. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, these financial hedges represented approximately 8.5 Bcf at an average gain of 0.87 per Mcf hedged. 
 
 Total operating costs and expenses for the CBM segment were 38 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 36 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increases in total dollars and unit costs for the CBM segment were due to the following items: 
 
 CBM lease operating expenses were 5 million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The increase in unit costs was primarily due to the decrease in CBM sales volumes. 
 
 CBM transportation, gathering and compression costs were 16 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 17 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in total dollars and unit costs was primarily due to a decrease in repairs and maintenance expense offset, in part, by an increase in electrical compression expense. 
 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization costs attributable to the CBM segment were 15 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 12 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. These amounts included depletion on a units of production basis of 0.85 per Mcfe and 0.64 per Mcfe, respectively. The increase in the units of production depreciation, depletion and amortization rate in the current period is primarily the result of a higher 2024 annual depletion rate. The increase in rate is primarily attributable to downward reserve revisions due to higher operating costs and 
 
 37 

price changes. The remaining depreciation, depletion and amortization costs were either recorded on a straight-line basis or related to asset retirement obligations. 

OTHER SEGMENT 
 
 The Other Segment includes nominal shallow oil and gas production which is not significant to the Company. It also includes the Company's purchased gas activities, unrealized gain or loss on commodity derivative instruments, New Technologies, exploration and production related other costs, as well as various other expenses that are managed outside the Shale and CBM segments such as selling, general and administrative ("SG A"), interest expense and income taxes. 
 
 The Other Segment had a loss before income tax of 53 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a loss before income tax of 126 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in total dollars is discussed below. 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Other Gas Sales Volumes (Bcf) 0.1 0.1 100.0 
 
 Unrealized Loss on Commodity Derivative Instruments 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Other Segment recognized an unrealized loss on commodity derivative instruments of 6 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Other Segment recognized an unrealized loss on commodity derivative instruments of 54 million. The unrealized loss on commodity derivative instruments represents changes in the fair value of all the Company's existing commodity hedges on a mark-to-market basis. 
 
 Purchased Gas Revenue and Costs 
 
 Purchased gas volumes represent volumes of natural gas purchased at market prices from third parties and then resold in order to fulfill contracts with certain customers and to balance supply. Purchased gas revenue was 27 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 11 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Purchased gas costs were 27 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 10 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The period-to-period increase in purchased gas revenue was due to an increase in purchased gas sales volumes offset, in part, by a decrease in average sales price. 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Purchased Gas Sales Volumes (in Bcf) 16.3 6.4 9.9 154.7 Average Sales Price (per Mcf) 1.67 1.74 (0.07) (4.0) Purchased Gas Average Cost (per Mcf) 1.63 1.67 (0.04) (2.4) 
 
 Other Operating Income 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Sales of Environmental Attributes 25 15 10 66.7 Water Income 2 1 1 100.0 Excess Firm Transportation Income 4 4 Total Other Operating Income 31 20 11 55.0 
 
 Sales of environmental attributes includes items such as (but are not limited to): carbon credits, air quality credits, renewable energy credits, methane capture credits, methane performance certificates, emission reductions, offsets and/or allowances. The quantities and types of environmental attributes we sell and the associated revenue can vary depending on a number of factors, including the market for these credits, changes to the various voluntary or compliance programs under which the credits are generated and sold, and our ability to strictly comply with the programs under which the attributes can be sold. The increase in the period-to-period comparison was due to an increase in the amount of environmental attributes sold. 
 Excess firm transportation income represents revenue from the sale of excess firm transportation capacity to third parties. The Company obtains firm pipeline transportation capacity to enable gas production to flow uninterrupted as 
 
 38 

sales volumes increase. In order to minimize this unutilized firm transportation expense, CNX is able to release (sell) unutilized firm transportation capacity to other parties when possible and when beneficial. The revenue from released capacity helps offset the unutilized firm transportation and processing fees in total other operating expense. 
 
 Exploration and Production Related Other Costs 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Lease Expiration Costs 1 1 Land Rentals 1 1 Total Exploration and Production Related Other Costs 2 2 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 
 SG A includes costs such as overhead, including employee labor and benefit costs, short-term incentive compensation, costs of maintaining our headquarters, audit and other professional fees, charitable contributions and legal compliance expenses. SG A costs also include non-cash long-term equity-based compensation expense. 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Long-Term Equity-Based Compensation (Non-Cash) 4 3 1 33.3 Salaries, Wages and Employee Benefits 7 7 Short-Term Incentive Compensation 3 4 (1) (25.0) Other 19 15 4 26.7 Total SG A 33 29 4 13.8 
 
 Other increased in the period-to-period comparison primarily due to higher professional services and consulting fees, as well as increased software costs. 
 
 Other Operating Expense 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Unutilized Firm Transportation and Processing Fees 13 17 (4) (23.5) Inventory Adjustments (1) 3 (4) (133.3) Environmental Attribute Fees 4 2 2 100.0 Insurance Expense 2 1 1 100.0 Other (2) 3 (5) (166.7) Total Other Operating Expense 16 26 (10) (38.5) 
 
 Unutilized firm transportation and processing fees represent pipeline transportation capacity obtained to enable gas production to flow uninterrupted as sales volumes increase, as well as additional processing capacity for NGLs. In some instances, the Company may have the opportunity to realize more favorable net pricing by strategically choosing to sell natural gas into a market or to a customer that does not require the use of the Company s own firm transportation capacity. Such sales would result in an increase in unutilized firm transportation expense. The Company attempts to minimize this expense by releasing (selling) unutilized firm transportation capacity to other parties when possible and when beneficial. The revenue received when this capacity is released (sold) is included in Excess Firm Transportation Income in Other Operating Income. 
 Inventory adjustments represent required adjustments made to record inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. 
 Environmental attribute fees represent costs related to the sale of environmental attributes that are included in Other Operating Income. The increase in fees in the period-to-period comparison relates to the increase in sales above. 
 Other includes multiple one-time items in the period-to-period comparison including expenses related to our previously announced radical transparency program. In the current period, these one-time items include the reversal of a 3 million estimated charge related to a prior-year pipeline tariff filing that was recorded in the first quarter of 2024 due to a change in the circumstances from the time of the original estimate. 
 
 39 

Other (Income) Expense 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Other Income Litigation Recoveries 8 8 100.0 Other 1 1 Total Other Income 9 1 8 800.0 Other Expense Bank Fees 3 3 Other Corporate Expense 1 1 100.0 Total Other Expense 4 3 1 33.3 Total Other (Income) Expense (5) 2 (7) (350.0) 
 
 CNX pursues legal recoveries when certain circumstances arise. The increase in litigation recoveries in the period-to-period comparison was the result of various recoveries that occurred in the current period. No such transactions occurred in the prior period. 
 
 Gain on Asset Sales and Abandonments, net 
 
 A net gain on asset sales and abandonments of 11 million was recognized in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a net gain of 6 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The net gain recognized during both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 primarily relates to the sale of various non-core assets (rights-of-way, surface acreage and other non-core oil and gas interests). The gain in three months ended September 30, 2023 was offset, in part, by a loss that was recorded as part of the final adjustments to the sale of various non-operated oil and gas assets that occurred in the second quarter of 2023 (See Note 4 Acquisitions and Dispositions in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information). 
 
 Interest Expense 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Total Interest Expense 38 35 3 8.6 
 
 The 3 million increase in total interest expense was primarily due to higher borrowings on the CNX Credit Facility at higher interest rates and higher principal balances related to the long-term debt that was issued in February 2024. The increase was offset, in part, by lower borrowings on the CNXM Credit Facility. See Note 8 Revolving Credit Facilities and Note 10 Long-Term Debt in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Total Company Earnings Before Income Tax 83 19 64 336.8 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 17 (2) 19 (950.0) Effective Income Tax Rate 20.6 (11.1) 31.7 
 
 The effective income tax rates for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 20.6 and (11.1) , respectively. The effective rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the impact of equity compensation, federal tax credits and state taxes. The effective rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the impact equity compensation, federal tax credits and state taxes (primarily a change in West Virginia tax law). See Note 5 Income Taxes in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 
 40 

Results of Operations - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Net Income 
 CNX reported net income of 54 million, or earnings per diluted share of 0.32, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net income of 1,207 million, or earnings per diluted share of 6.24, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Included in earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was an unrealized loss on commodity derivative instruments of 149 million and a net loss on asset sales and abandonments of 9 million. Included in earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was an unrealized gain on commodity derivative instruments of 1,231 million and a net gain on asset sales and abandonments of 121 million. See Note 4 Acquisitions and Dispositions in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information related to the loss/(gain) on asset sales and abandonments. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 CNX's management uses certain non-GAAP financial measures for planning, forecasting and evaluating business and financial performance, and believes that they are useful for investors in analyzing the Company. Although these are not measures of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP, management believes that these financial measures are useful to an investor in evaluating CNX because these metrics are widely used to evaluate a natural gas company s operating performance. Sales of Natural Gas, NGL and Oil, including cash settlements is a non-GAAP measure that excludes the impacts of changes in the fair value of commodity derivative instruments prior to settlement, which are often volatile, and only includes the impact of settled commodity derivative instruments. Sales of Natural Gas, NGL and Oil, including cash settlements also excludes purchased gas revenue and other revenue and operating income, which are not directly related to CNX s natural gas producing activities. Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Costs is a non-GAAP measure that excludes certain expenses that are not directly related to CNX s natural gas producing activities and are managed outside our production operations (See Note 14 Segment Information in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information). These expenses include, but are not limited to, interest expense, other operating expense and other corporate expenses such as selling, general and administrative costs. We believe that Sales of Natural Gas, NGL and Oil, including cash settlements, Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Costs and Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Margin (which is derived by subtracting Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Costs from Sales of Natural Gas, NGL and Oil, including cash settlements) provide useful information to investors for evaluating period-to-period comparisons of earnings trends. These metrics should not be viewed as a substitute for measures of performance that are calculated in accordance with GAAP. In addition, because all companies do not calculate these measures identically, these measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Total Revenue and Other Operating Income 1,130 2,466 Add (Deduct): Purchased Gas Revenue (53) (57) Unrealized Loss (Gain) on Commodity Derivative Instruments 149 (1,231) Other Revenue and Operating Income (145) (89) Sales of Natural Gas, NGL and Oil, including Cash Settlements, a Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 1,081 1,089 Total Operating Expense 937 892 Add (Deduct): Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization (DD A) - Corporate (10) (10) Exploration and Production Related Other Costs (7) (8) Purchased Gas Costs (51) (54) Selling, General and Administrative Costs (102) (96) Other Operating Expense (62) (62) Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Costs, a Non-GAAP Financial Measure 1 
 705 662 
 
 41 

1 Natural Gas, NGL and Oil production costs consists primarily of lease operating expense, production ad valorem and other fees, transportation, gathering and compression and production related depreciation, depletion and amortization. 
 
 Selected Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Financial Data 
 
 The following table presents a summary of our total sales volumes, sales of natural gas, NGL and oil including cash settlements, natural gas, NGL and oil production costs and natural gas, NGL and oil production margin related to our production operations on a total company basis (See Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation above for the reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP): 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance in Millions Per Mcfe in Millions Per Mcfe in Millions Per Mcfe Total Sales Volumes (Bcfe) 408.8 413.4 (4.6) Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Revenue 822 1.94 968 2.31 (146) (0.37) Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments - Cash Settlement 259 0.70 121 0.32 138 0.38 Sales of Natural Gas, NGL and Oil, including Cash Settlements, a Non-GAAP Financial Measure 1,081 2.64 1,089 2.63 (8) 0.01 Lease Operating Expense 53 0.13 46 0.11 7 0.02 Production, Ad Valorem, and Other Fees 21 0.05 23 0.05 (2) Transportation, Gathering and Compression 284 0.70 282 0.68 2 0.02 Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization (DD A) 347 0.84 311 0.76 36 0.08 Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Costs, a Non-GAAP Financial Measure 705 1.72 662 1.60 43 0.12 Natural Gas, NGL and Oil Production Margin, a Non-GAAP Financial Measure 376 0.92 427 1.03 (51) (0.11) 
 NGLs and Oil/Condensate are converted to Mcfe at the rate of one barrel equals six Mcf based upon the approximate relative energy content of oil and natural gas, which is not indicative of the relationship of NGL, condensate, and natural gas prices. 
 
 The 4.6 Bcfe decrease in total sales volumes in the period-to-period comparison was primarily due to normal production declines and the timing of when new wells were turned-in-line after the 2023 period offset, in part, by an increase in NGL volumes primarily due to an increase in ethane recoveries. 
 
 Changes in the average costs per Mcfe were primarily related to the following items: 
 Lease operating expense increased on a per unit basis primarily due to an increase in water disposal costs as more water was taken to disposal instead of being reused in well completions. 
 Transportation, gathering and compression expense increased on a per unit basis primarily due to higher processing fees related to the increase in NGL volumes, an increase in electrical compression expense offset, in part, by lower repairs and maintenance expense. 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense increased on a per unit basis primarily due to a higher annual depletion rate for 2024. The increase in rate is primarily attributable to downward reserve revisions due to adjustments to the five-year development plan that lowered proved undeveloped reserves, price changes, and the sale of various non-operated producing oil and gas assets. 

42 

Average Realized Price Reconciliation 
 
 The following table presents a breakout of liquids and natural gas sales information and settled derivative information to assist in the understanding of the Company s natural gas production and sales portfolio and information regarding settled commodity derivatives: 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands (unless noted) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change LIQUIDS NGL: Sales Volume (MMcfe) 36,876 31,660 5,216 16.5 Sales Volume (Mbbls) 6,146 5,277 869 16.5 Gross Price /Bbl) 21.42 21.78 (0.36) (1.7) Gross NGL Revenue 131,790 114,900 16,890 14.7 Oil/Condensate: Sales Volume (MMcfe) 677 1,004 (327) (32.6) Sales Volume (Mbbls) 113 167 (54) (32.3) Gross Price /Bbl) 63.12 66.18 (3.06) (4.6) Gross Oil/Condensate Revenue 7,120 11,082 (3,962) (35.8) NATURAL GAS Sales Volume (MMcf) 371,293 380,785 (9,492) (2.5) Sales Price /Mcf) 1.84 2.21 (0.37) (16.7) Gross Natural Gas Revenue 682,754 841,841 (159,087) (18.9) Hedging Impact /Mcf) 0.70 0.32 0.38 118.8 Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments - Cash Settlement 259,397 120,398 138,999 115.4 
 
 The decrease in Sales of Natural Gas, NGL and Oil, including Cash Settlements, a Non-GAAP Financial Measure was primarily due to the 0.37 per Mcf decrease in natural gas sales price, when excluding the impact of hedging, the 4.6 Bcfe decrease in total sales volumes and the 0.36 per barrel decrease in NGL prices. These decreases were offset, in-part, by the impact of the change in the gain on commodity derivative instruments - cash settlement related to the Company's hedging program. 

43 

SEGMENT ANALYSIS for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 For the Nine Months Ended Difference to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (in millions) Shale CBM Other Total Shale CBM Other Total Natural Gas, NGLs and Oil Revenue 746 75 1 822 (123) (23) (146) Gain (Loss) on Commodity Derivative Instruments 240 19 (149) 110 128 10 (1,380) (1,242) Purchased Gas Revenue 53 53 (4) (4) Other Revenue and Operating Income 50 95 145 56 56 Total Revenue and Other Operating Income 1,036 94 1,130 5 (13) (1,328) (1,336) Lease Operating Expense 36 16 1 53 5 1 1 7 Production, Ad Valorem, and Other Fees 17 4 21 (1) (1) (2) Transportation, Gathering and Compression 236 48 284 3 (1) 2 Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization 298 44 15 357 28 6 2 36 Exploration and Production Related Other Costs 7 7 (1) (1) Purchased Gas Costs 51 51 (3) (3) Selling, General and Administrative Costs 102 102 6 6 Other Operating Expense 62 62 Total Operating Expense 587 112 238 937 35 6 4 45 Other Income (11) (11) (16) (16) Loss on Asset Sales and Abandonments, net 9 9 130 130 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 7 7 7 7 Interest Expense 114 114 8 8 Total Other Expense 119 119 129 129 Total Costs and Expenses 587 112 357 1,056 35 6 133 174 Earnings (Loss) Before Income Tax 449 (18) (357) 74 (30) (19) (1,461) (1,510) 

44 

SHALE SEGMENT 
 
 The Shale segment had earnings before income tax of 449 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to earnings before income tax of 479 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Shale Gas Sales Volumes (Bcf) 341.9 349.9 (8.0) (2.3) NGLs Sales Volumes (Bcfe) 36.9 31.7 5.2 16.4 Oil/Condensate Sales Volumes (Bcfe) 0.7 1.0 (0.3) (30.0) Total Shale Sales Volumes (Bcfe) 379.5 382.6 (3.1) (0.8) Average Shale Gas Sales Price (per Mcf) 1.78 2.12 (0.34) (16.0) Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments - Cash Settlement (per Mcf) 0.70 0.32 0.38 118.8 Average Sales Price - NGLs (per Mcfe) 3.57 3.63 (0.06) (1.7) Average Sales Price - Oil/Condensate (per Mcfe) 10.49 11.01 (0.52) (4.7) Total Average Shale Sales Price (per Mcfe) 2.60 2.56 0.04 1.6 Average Shale Lease Operating Expenses (per Mcfe) 0.10 0.08 0.02 25.0 Average Shale Production, Ad Valorem and Other Fees (per Mcfe) 0.04 0.05 (0.01) (20.0) Average Shale Transportation, Gathering and Compression Costs (per Mcfe) 0.62 0.61 0.01 1.6 Average Shale Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization Costs (per Mcfe) 0.79 0.70 0.09 12.9 Total Average Shale Production Costs (per Mcfe) 1.55 1.44 0.11 7.6 Total Average Shale Production Margin (per Mcfe) 1.05 1.12 (0.07) (6.3) NGLs and Oil/Condensate are converted to Mcfe at the rate of one barrel equals six Mcf based upon the approximate relative energy content of oil and natural gas, which is not indicative of the relationship of oil, NGL, condensate, and natural gas prices. 
 The Shale segment had natural gas, NGLs and oil/condensate revenue of 746 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 869 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 123 million decrease was due primarily to a 16.0 decrease in the average sales price for natural gas, a 0.8 decrease in total Shale sales volumes and a 1.7 decrease in the average sales price of NGLs. The decrease in total Shale sales volumes was primarily due to normal production declines and the timing of when new wells were turned-in-line offset, in part, by an increase in NGL sales volumes due to an increase in ethane recoveries. 
 
 The increase in total average Shale sales price was primarily due to a 0.38 per Mcf change in the realized gain on commodity derivative instruments. The notional amounts associated with these financial hedges represented approximately 285.6 Bcf of the Company's produced Shale gas sales volumes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 at an average gain of 0.84 per Mcf hedged. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, these financial hedges represented approximately 293.6 Bcf at an average gain of 0.38 per Mcf hedged. These increases were offset, in part, by a 0.34 per Mcf decrease in average natural gas sales price and a 0.06 per Mcfe decrease in the average NGL sales price. 
 
 Total operating costs and expenses for the Shale segment were 587 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 552 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in total dollars and unit costs for the Shale segment were due to the following items: 
 
 Shale lease operating expenses were 36 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 31 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in total dollars and unit costs was primarily due to an increase in water disposal costs as more water was taken to disposal instead of being reused in well completions. 
 
 Shale transportation, gathering and compression costs were 236 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 233 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in total dollars and unit costs was primarily related to an increase in processing costs due to higher processing fees related to the increase in NGL volumes, an increase in electrical compression expense offset, in part, by lower repairs and maintenance expense. 

45 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization costs attributable to the Shale segment were 298 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 270 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These amounts included depletion on a unit of production basis of 0.67 per Mcfe and 0.59 per Mcfe, respectively. The increase in the units of production depreciation, depletion and amortization rate in the current period is primarily due to a higher annual depletion rate for 2024. The increase in rate is primarily attributable to downward reserve revisions due to adjustments to the five-year development plan that lowered proved undeveloped reserves, price changes, and the sale of various non-operated producing oil and gas assets The remaining depreciation, depletion and amortization costs were either recorded on a straight-line basis or related to asset retirement obligations. 
 
 Total Shale other revenue and operating income relates to natural gas gathering services provided to third parties. The Shale segment had other revenue and operating income of 50 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

COALBED METHANE (CBM) SEGMENT 
 The CBM segment had a loss before income tax of 18 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to earnings before income tax of 1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change CBM Gas Sales Volumes (Bcf) 29.1 30.6 (1.5) (4.9) Average CBM Gas Sales Price (per Mcf) 2.58 3.20 (0.62) (19.4) Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments - Cash Settlement (per Mcf) 0.65 0.28 0.37 132.1 Total Average CBM Sales Price (per Mcf) 3.24 3.49 (0.25) (7.2) Average CBM Lease Operating Expenses (per Mcf) 0.56 0.49 0.07 14.3 Average CBM Production, Ad Valorem and Other Fees (per Mcf) 0.15 0.16 (0.01) (6.3) Average CBM Transportation, Gathering and Compression Costs (per Mcf) 1.65 1.60 0.05 3.1 Average CBM Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization Costs (per Mcf) 1.50 1.22 0.28 23.0 Total Average CBM Production Costs (per Mcf) 3.86 3.47 0.39 11.2 Total Average CBM Production Margin (per Mcf) (0.62) 0.02 (0.64) (3,200.0) 
 The CBM segment had natural gas revenue of 75 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 98 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 23 million decrease was due to a 19.4 decrease in the average sales price for natural gas in the current period and a 4.9 decrease in CBM sales volumes due to normal production declines. 
 
 The total average CBM sales price decreased 0.25 per Mcf due to a 0.62 per Mcf decrease in average natural gas sales price offset, in part, by a 0.37 per Mcf change in the realized gain on commodity derivative instruments resulting from the Company's hedging program. The notional amounts associated with these financial hedges represented approximately 22.6 Bcf of the Company's produced CBM sales volumes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 at an average gain of 0.84 per Mcf hedged. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, these financial hedges represented approximately 24.0 Bcf at an average gain of 0.36 per Mcf hedged. 
 
 Total operating costs and expenses for the CBM segment were 112 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 106 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in total dollars and unit costs for the CBM segment were due to the following items: 
 
 CBM lease operating expenses were 16 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 15 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in total dollars and unit costs was primarily due to an increase in well tending and water disposal costs. The increase in unit cost was also due to the decrease in total CBM volumes. 
 
 CBM transportation, gathering and compression costs were 48 million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The increase in unit cost was primarily due to the decrease in total CBM volumes. 

46 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization costs attributable to the CBM segment were 44 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 38 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These amounts included depletion on a unit of production basis of 0.85 per Mcfe and 0.64 per Mcfe, respectively. The increase in the units of production depreciation, depletion and amortization rate in the current period is primarily the result of a higher 2024 annual depletion rate. The increase in rate is primarily attributable to downward reserve revisions due to higher operating costs and price changes. The remaining depreciation, depletion and amortization costs were either recorded on a straight-line basis or related to asset retirement obligations. 

OTHER SEGMENT 
 
 The Other Segment includes nominal shallow oil and gas production which is not significant to the Company. It also includes the Company's purchased gas activities, unrealized gain or loss on commodity derivative instruments, New Technologies, exploration and production related other costs, as well as various other expenses that are managed outside the Shale and CBM segments such as SG A, interest expense and income taxes. 
 
 The Other Segment had a loss before income tax of 357 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to earnings before income tax of 1,104 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in total dollars is discussed below. 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Other Gas Sales Volumes (Bcf) 0.2 0.2 
 
 Unrealized (Loss) Gain on Commodity Derivative Instruments 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Other Segment recognized an unrealized loss on commodity derivative instruments of 149 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Other Segment recognized an unrealized gain on commodity derivative instruments of 1,231 million. The unrealized loss or gain on commodity derivative instruments represents changes in the fair value of all the Company's existing commodity hedges on a mark-to-market basis. 
 
 Purchased Gas Revenue and Costs 
 
 Purchased gas volumes represent volumes of natural gas purchased at market prices from third parties and then resold in order to fulfill contracts with certain customers and to balance supply. Purchased gas revenue was 53 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 57 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Purchased gas costs were 51 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 54 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The period-to-period decrease in purchased gas revenue was primarily due to a decrease in the average sales price. 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Purchased Gas Sales Volumes (in Bcf) 27.8 24.2 3.6 14.9 Average Sales Price (per Mcf) 1.89 2.37 (0.48) (20.3) Purchased Gas Average Cost (per Mcf) 1.82 2.23 (0.41) (18.4) 
 
 Other Operating Income 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Sales of Environmental Attributes 71 23 48 208.7 Water Income 10 3 7 233.3 Excess Firm Transportation Income 15 11 4 36.4 Equity (Loss) Income from Affiliates (1) 2 (3) (150.0) Total Other Operating Income 95 39 56 143.6 

47 

Sales of environmental attributes includes items such as (but are not limited to): carbon credits, air quality credits, renewable or alternative energy credits, methane capture credits, methane performance certificates, emission reductions, offsets and/or allowances. The quantities and types of environmental attributes we sell and the associated revenue can vary depending on a number of factors, including the market for these credits, changes to the various voluntary or compliance programs under which the credits are generated and sold, and our ability to strictly comply with the programs under which the attributes can be sold. The increase in the period-to-period comparison was due to an increase in the amount of environmental attributes sold. 
 Water income increased in the period-to-period comparison due to higher third-party sales in the current period. 
 Excess firm transportation income represents revenue from the sale of excess firm transportation capacity to third parties. The Company obtains firm pipeline transportation capacity to enable gas production to flow uninterrupted as sales volumes increase. In order to minimize this unutilized firm transportation expense, CNX is able to release (sell) unutilized firm transportation capacity to other parties when possible and when beneficial. The revenue from released capacity helps offset the Unutilized Firm Transportation and Processing Fees in Total Other Operating Expense. 
 Equity (loss) income from affiliates represents CNX s share of earnings and losses from various entities, including interests in various oilfield service companies and a 50 interest in a power plant located within CNX s CBM field. 
 
 Exploration and Production Related Other Costs 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Land Rentals 4 3 1 33.3 Lease Expiration Costs 3 5 (2) (40.0) Total Exploration and Production Related Other Costs 7 8 (1) (12.5) 
 
 Lease expiration costs relate to leases where the primary term expired or will expire within the next 12 months. The decrease in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to a decrease in the number of acres that were allowed to expire. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 
 SG A includes costs such as overhead, including employee labor and benefit costs, short-term incentive compensation, costs of maintaining our headquarters, audit and other professional fees, charitable contributions and legal compliance expenses. SG A costs also include non-cash long-term equity-based compensation expense. 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Contributions and Advertising 4 3 1 33.3 Short-term Incentive Compensation 10 10 Long-term Equity-Based Compensation (Non-Cash) 15 16 (1) (6.3) Salaries, Wages and Employee Benefits 22 23 (1) (4.3) Other 51 44 7 15.9 Total SG A 102 96 6 6.3 
 
 Other increased in the period-to-period comparison primarily due to higher professional services and consulting fees, as well as increased software costs. 

48 

Other Operating Expense 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Environmental Attribute Fees 11 4 7 175.0 Idle Equipment and Service Charges 4 3 1 33.3 Water Expense 1 1 Insurance Expense 3 3 Unutilized Firm Transportation and Processing Fees 37 40 (3) (7.5) Virginia Flood Expense (2) 2 (4) (200.0) Inventory Adjustments 1 6 (5) (83.3) Other 7 3 4 133.3 Total Other Operating Expense 62 62 
 
 Environmental attribute fees represent costs related to the sale of environmental attributes that are included in Other Operating Income. The increase in fees in the period-to-period comparison relates to the increase in sales above. 
 Idle equipment and service charges relate to the temporary idling of certain equipment and other services that may be needed in the natural gas drilling and completions process. 
 Unutilized firm transportation and processing fees represent pipeline transportation capacity obtained to enable gas production to flow uninterrupted as sales volumes increase, as well as additional processing capacity for NGLs. In some instances, the Company may have the opportunity to realize more favorable net pricing by strategically choosing to sell natural gas into a market or to a customer that does not require the use of the Company s own firm transportation capacity. Such sales would result in an increase in unutilized firm transportation expense. The Company attempts to minimize this expense by releasing (selling) unutilized firm transportation capacity to other parties when possible and when beneficial. The revenue received when this capacity is released (sold) is included in Excess Firm Transportation Income in Other Operating Income. 
 Virginia flood expense includes costs to cleanup and repair areas that were impacted by flooding that occurred in Buchanan County, Virginia in July 2022. The income in the current period relates to an insurance reimbursement for prior expenses incurred. 
 Inventory adjustments represent required adjustments made to record inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. 
 Other includes multiple one-time items in the period-to-period comparison including expenses related to our previously announced radical transparency program. In the current period, these one-time items also include a 3 million charge related to a prior-year sales and use tax audit settlement. 
 
 Other (Income) Expense 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Other Income Litigation Recoveries 20 20 100.0 Right-of-Way Sales 1 4 (3) (75.0) Other 3 3 Total Other Income 24 7 17 242.9 Other Expense Professional Services 3 1 2 200.0 Bank Fees 8 8 Other Corporate Expense 2 3 (1) (33.3) Total Other Expense 13 12 1 8.3 Total Other (Income) Expense (11) 5 (16) (320.0) 
 
 CNX pursues legal recoveries when certain circumstances arise. The increase in litigation recoveries in the period-to-period comparison was the result of various recoveries that occurred in the current period. No such transactions occurred in the prior period. 
 
 49 

Loss (Gain) on Asset Sales and Abandonments, net 
 
 A net loss on asset sales and abandonments of 9 million was recognized in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a net gain of 121 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net loss recognized in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily relates to a 26 million loss on the sale of a non-core pipeline to a third party offset, in part, by the gain on sale of various other non-core assets (primarily rights-of-way, surface acreage and other non-core oil and gas interests). The net gain recognized in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily relates to the sale of various non-operated oil and gas assets (See Note 4 Acquisitions and Dispositions in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information). 
 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 
 A loss on debt extinguishment of 7 million was recognized in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in connection with CNX's repurchase of 350 million of the 7.25 Senior Notes due March 2027 at an average price equal to 101.9 of the principal amount. See Note 10 Long-Term Debt in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. No such transactions occurred in the prior period. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Total Interest Expense 114 106 8 7.5 
 
 The 8 million increase in total interest expense was primarily due to higher borrowings on the CNX Credit Facility at higher interest rates and higher principal balances related to the long-term debt that was issued in February 2024. The increase was offset, in part, by lower borrowings on the CNXM Credit Facility. See Note 8 Revolving Credit Facilities and Note 10 Long-Term Debt in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Variance Percent Change Total Company Earnings Before Income Tax 74 1,584 (1,510) (95.3) Income Tax Expense 20 377 (357) (94.7) Effective Income Tax Rate 26.5 23.8 2.7 
 
 The effective income tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 26.5 and 23.8 , respectively. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the impact of equity compensation, federal tax credits, and state taxes. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the impact of equity compensation, federal tax credits, and state taxes (primarily a change in West Virginia tax law). See Note 5 Income Taxes in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview, Sources and Uses 
 CNX generally has satisfied its working capital requirements and funded its capital expenditures and debt service obligations with cash generated from operations and proceeds from borrowings. CNX currently believes that cash generated from operations, asset sales and the Company's borrowing capacity will be sufficient to meet the Company's working capital requirements, anticipated capital expenditures (other than major acquisitions), scheduled debt payments, anticipated dividend payments, if any, and to provide required letters of credit for at least the next twelve months and the foreseeable future thereafter. Nevertheless, the ability of CNX to satisfy its working capital requirements, to service its debt obligations, to fund planned capital expenditures, or to pay dividends will depend upon future operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions in the natural gas industry and other financial and business factors, some of which are beyond CNX s control. 
 
 50 

From time to time, CNX is required to post financial assurances to satisfy contractual and other requirements generated in the normal course of business. Some of these assurances are posted to comply with federal, state or other government agencies' statutes and regulations. CNX sometimes uses letters of credit to satisfy these requirements and these letters of credit reduce the Company's borrowing facility capacity. 
 CNX continuously reviews its liquidity and capital resources. If market conditions were to change, for instance due to a significant decline in commodity prices, and our revenue was reduced significantly or operating and capital costs were to increase significantly, our cash flows and liquidity could be reduced. 
 As of September 30, 2024, CNX was in compliance with all of its debt covenants. After considering the potential effect of a significant decline in commodity prices, CNX currently expects to remain in compliance with its debt covenants. 
 
 CNX frequently evaluates potential acquisitions. CNX has historically funded acquisitions with cash generated from operations and a variety of other sources, depending on the size of the transaction, including debt and equity financing. There can be no assurance that additional capital resources, including debt and equity financing, will be available to CNX on terms which CNX finds acceptable, or at all. 
 
 Factors that may Impact our Liquidity 
 The Company s cash on hand and access to additional liquidity. Cash and cash equivalents were 1 million as of September 30, 2024 and nominal as of December 31, 2023. 
 Accounts and notes receivable - trade as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were 102 million and 116 million, respectively. Our accounts and notes receivable balance may fluctuate as of any balance sheet date depending on the prices we receive for our natural gas and NGLs and the volumes sold. 
 Capital expenditures are expected to range between 525 million to 550 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, CNX had capital expenditures of 435 million. 
 Production volumes are expected to range between 545.0 Bcfe and 555.0 Bcfe for the year ended December 31, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, CNX had production volumes of 408.8 Bcfe. 
 Prices for natural gas and NGLs are volatile, and an extended decline in the prices we receive for our natural gas and NGLs will adversely affect our financial condition and cash flows. 
 In order to manage the market risk exposure of volatile natural gas prices in the future, CNX enters into various physical natural gas supply transactions with both gas marketers and end users for terms varying in length. CNX also enters into various financial natural gas and NGL swap transactions to manage the market risk exposure to in-basin and out-of-basin pricing. The fair value of these contracts was a net liability of 179 million at September 30, 2024 and a net liability of 56 million at December 31, 2023. The Company has not experienced any issues of non-performance by derivative counterparties. See Item 3, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" of this Form 10-Q for further discussion of our commodity risk management. 

Cash Flows (in millions) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Cash Provided by Operating Activities 547 653 (106) Cash Used in Investing Activities (414) (410) (4) Cash Used in Financing Activities (132) (256) 124 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities changed in the period-to-period comparison primarily due to the following items: 
 Net income decreased 1,153 million in the period-to-period comparison. 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities primarily consisted of a 356 million net decrease in deferred income taxes, a 1,458 million net change in commodity derivative instruments, a 130 million increase in loss (gain) on asset sales and abandonments, net and a 185 million net decrease for various other changes in working capital. 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities changed in the period-to-period comparison primarily due to the following items: 
 Capital expenditures decreased 137 million primarily due to a decrease in drilling and completions activity. 
 Proceeds from asset sales decreased 138 million primarily due to the sale of various non-operated producing oil and gas assets primarily located in the Appalachian Basin to a third party in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 for cash proceeds of 125 million. The remaining variance includes the sale of various non-core assets in both 
 
 51 

periods (See Note 4 Acquisitions and Dispositions in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information). 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities changed in the period-to-period comparison primarily due to the following items: 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the CNXM Credit Facility decreased 21 million and repayments under the CNXM Credit Facility decreased 8 million. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the CNX Credit Facility decreased 247 million and repayments under the CNX Credit Facility decreased 323 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, CNX paid 357 million to repurchase 350 million of CNX 7.25 Senior Notes due March 2027 at a price of 101.9 of the principal amount. See Note 10 Long-Term Debt in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, CNX issued 400 million aggregate principal amount of CNX 7.25 Senior Notes due March 2032 at a price of 98.8 for cash proceeds of 395 million. See Note 10 Long-Term Debt in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, CNX repurchased 159 million of its common stock on the open market compared to 206 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, debt issuance and financing fees increased 15 million primarily due to amending both the CNX and CNXM Credit Facilities. See Note 8 Revolving Credit Facilities in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 

Commitments and Significant Contractual and Other Material Cash Obligations 
 
 The following is a summary of the Company's significant contractual and other material cash obligations at September 30, 2024 (in thousands): Payments due by Year Less Than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More Than 5 Years Total Purchase Order Firm Commitments 3,525 2,930 313 6,768 Gas Firm Transportation and Processing 235,906 442,354 324,047 518,208 1,520,515 Long-Term Debt 327,509 679,900 1,287,401 2,294,810 Interest on Long-Term Debt 135,290 260,041 235,295 147,657 778,283 Finance Lease Obligations 3,540 10,694 13,106 2,522 29,862 Interest on Finance Lease Obligations 1,804 3,085 1,609 194 6,692 Operating Lease Obligations 49,031 32,749 11,053 13,692 106,525 Interest on Operating Lease Obligations 4,084 3,514 2,060 1,525 11,183 Long-Term Liabilities Employee Related (a) 2,216 4,665 4,769 22,588 34,238 Other Long-Term Liabilities (b) 167,209 64,171 27,105 89,420 347,905 Total Contractual Obligations (c) 930,114 824,203 1,299,257 2,083,207 5,136,781 
 _________________________ 
 (a) Employee related long-term liabilities include salaried retirement contributions and work-related injuries and illnesses. 
 (b) Other long-term liabilities include royalties and other long-term liability costs. 
 (c) The table above does not include obligations to taxing authorities due to the uncertainty surrounding the ultimate settlement of amounts and timing of these obligations. 

Debt 
 At September 30, 2024, CNX had total debt of 2,295 million, including the current portion of long-term debt of 328 million and excluding unamortized debt issuance costs. This long-term debt consisted of: 
 An aggregate principal amount of 500 million of 6.00 Senior Notes due January 2029. Interest on the notes is payable January 15 and July 15 of each year. Payment of the principal and interest on the notes is guaranteed by most of CNX's subsidiaries but does not include CNXM (or its subsidiaries or general partner). 
 An aggregate principal amount of 500 million of 7.375 Senior Notes due January 2031, less 5 million of unamortized discount. Interest on the notes is payable January 15 and July 15 each year. Payment of the principal and 
 
 52 

interest on the notes is guaranteed by most of CNX's subsidiaries but does not include CNXM (or its subsidiaries or general partner). 
 An aggregate principal amount of 400 million of 4.75 Senior Notes due April 2030 issued by CNXM, less 3 million of unamortized discount. Interest on the notes is payable April 15 and October 15 of each year. Payment of the principal and interest on the notes is guaranteed by certain of CNXM's subsidiaries. CNX is not a guarantor of these notes. 
 An aggregate principal amount of 400 million of 7.25 Senior Notes due March 2032 less 5 million of unamortized discount. Interest on the notes is payable March 1 and September 1 of each year. Payment on the principal and interest on the notes is guaranteed by most of CNX's subsidiaries but does not include CNXM (or its subsidiaries or general partner). 
 An aggregate principal amount of 331 million of 2.25 Convertible Senior Notes due May 2026, unless earlier redeemed, repurchased, or converted, less 3 million of unamortized discount and issuance costs. Interest on the notes is payable May 1 and November 1 of each year. Payment of the principal and interest on the notes is guaranteed by most of CNX's subsidiaries but does not include CNXM (or its subsidiaries or general partner). 
 An aggregate principal amount of 153 million in outstanding borrowings under the CNX Credit Facility. Payment of the principal and interest on the CNX Credit Facility is guaranteed by most of CNX's subsidiaries but does not include CNXM (or its subsidiaries or general partner). 
 An aggregate principal amount of 27 million in outstanding borrowings under the CNXM Credit Facility. Payment of the principal and interest on the CNXM Credit Facility is guaranteed by certain of CNXM's subsidiaries. CNX is not a guarantor of the CNXM Facility. 

Total Equity and Dividends 
 CNX had total equity of 4,257 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 4,361 million at December 31, 2023. See the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional details. 
 The declaration and payment of dividends by CNX is subject to the discretion of CNX's Board of Directors, and no assurance can be given that CNX will pay dividends in the future. CNX has not paid dividends on its common stock since 2016. The determination to pay dividends in the future will depend upon, among other things, general business conditions, CNX's financial results, contractual and legal restrictions regarding the payment of dividends by CNX, planned investments by CNX, and such other factors as CNX's Board of Directors deems relevant. In addition, CNX's ability to pay dividends is limited by the covenants governing the CNX Credit Facility and the indentures governing certain of CNX's Senior Notes. 

Off-Balance Sheet Transactions 
 
 CNX does not maintain off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or others that are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on the Company s financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources which are not disclosed in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. CNX uses a combination of surety bonds, corporate guarantees and letters of credit to secure the Company's financial obligations for employee-related, environmental, performance and various other items which are not reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2024. Management believes these items will expire without being funded. See Note 11 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional details of the various financial guarantees that have been issued by CNX. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Financial Statements and at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. The preceding discussion and analysis of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The 2023 financial statements, as part of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC, include additional information about us, our operations, our financial condition, our critical accounting policies and accounting estimates, and should be read in conjunction with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 53 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 We are including the following cautionary statement in this Form 10-Q to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of us. With the exception of historical matters, the matters discussed in this Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements (as defined in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. The forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates concerning the timing and success of specific projects and our future production, revenues, income and capital spending. When we use the words "believe," "intend," "expect," "may," "should," "anticipate," "could," "estimate," "plan," "predict," "project," "will," or their negatives, or other similar expressions, the statements which include those words are usually forward-looking statements. When we describe a strategy that involves risks or uncertainties, we are making forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this Form 10-Q speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q; we disclaim any obligation to update these statements unless required by securities law, and we caution you not to rely on them unduly. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these expectations and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. These risks, contingencies and uncertainties relate to, among other matters, the following: 
 
 prices for natural gas and NGLs are volatile and can fluctuate widely based upon a number of factors beyond our control, including supply and demand for our products; 
 unsuccessful operational efforts or continued natural gas price decreases requiring us to record write-downs of the quantity and value of our proved natural gas properties; 
 competition and consolidation within the natural gas industry may adversely affect our ability to sell our products and midstream services or other parts of the business; 
 deterioration in the economic conditions in any of the industries in which our customers or their customers operate, a domestic or worldwide financial downturn, or negative credit market conditions; 
 hedging activities may prevent us from benefiting from price increases and may expose us to other risks; 
 negative public perception regarding our Company or industry; 
 events beyond our control, including a global or domestic health crisis or global instability and actual and threatened geopolitical conflict, may result in unexpected adverse operating and financial results; 
 increasing attention to environmental, social and governance matters may adversely impact our business; 
 dependence on third party pipeline and processing systems could adversely affect our operations and limit sales of our natural gas and NGLs as a result of disruptions, capacity constraints, proximity issues or decreases in availability of pipelines or other midstream facilities; 
 uncertainties in estimating our economically recoverable natural gas reserves; 
 the high-risk nature of drilling, developing and operating natural gas wells; 
 our identified development locations are scheduled over multiple future years, making them susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of their actual development; 
 the substantial capital expenditures required for, and the regulatory, environmental, political, legal and economic risks associated with, our development and exploration projects, as well as midstream system development; 
 our success depends on key members of our management and our ability to attract and retain experienced technical and other professional personnel; 
 decreases in the availability of, or increases in the price of, required personnel, services, equipment, parts and raw materials in a timely manner, in sufficient quantities or at reasonable costs to support our operations; 
 our ability to find adequate water sources for our use, or our ability to dispose of or recycle water produced from our operations at a reasonable cost and within applicable environmental rules, our ability to produce natural gas economically and in sufficient quantities could be impaired. 
 failure to successfully replace our current natural gas reserves through economic development of our existing or acquired undeveloped assets or through acquisition of additional producing assets, would lead to a decline in our natural gas, NGL and oil production levels and reserves; 
 losses incurred as a result of title defects in the properties in which we invest or the loss of certain leasehold or other rights related to our midstream activities; 
 the impact of climate change legislation, litigation and regulation of greenhouse gas emissions at the federal or state level may increase our operating costs and reduce the value of our natural gas assets; 
 environmental regulations can increase costs and introduce uncertainty that could adversely impact the market for natural gas with potential short and long-term liabilities; 
 existing and future governmental laws, regulations, other legal requirements and judicial decisions that govern our 
 
 54 

business may increase our costs of doing business and may restrict our operations; 
 significant costs and liabilities may be incurred as a result of pipeline operations and/or increases in the regulation of natural gas pipelines and midstream facilities; 
 changes in federal or state income tax laws or rates focused on natural gas exploration and development; 
 future tax liabilities may be greater than expected if our net operating loss carryforwards are limited, CNX does not generate expected deductions, or tax authorities challenge certain of our tax positions; 
 CNX may be unable to qualify for existing federal and state level environmental attribute credits and new markets for environmental attributes are currently volatile, and otherwise may not develop as quickly or efficiently as we anticipate or at all; 
 the outcomes of various legal proceedings, including those which are more fully described in our reports filed under the Exchange Act; 
 risks associated with our current long-term debt obligations; 
 a decrease in our borrowing base, which could decrease for a variety of reasons including lower natural gas prices, declines in natural gas reserves, asset sales and lending requirements or regulations; 
 the potential impact of the capped call transaction undertaken in tandem with the Convertible Notes issuance, including counterparty risk; 
 risks associated with our Convertible Notes, including the potential impact that the Convertible Notes may have on our reported financial results, potential dilution, our ability to raise funds to repurchase the Convertible Notes, and that provisions of the Convertible Notes could delay or prevent a beneficial takeover of the Company; 
 challenges associated with strategic determinations, including the allocation of capital and other resources to strategic opportunities; 
 inability to control timing of divestitures, and to provide anticipated benefits of the transaction; 
 there is no guarantee that we will continue to repurchase shares of our common stock under our current or any future share repurchase program at levels undertaken previously or at all; 
 we may operate a portion of our business with one or more joint venture partners or in circumstances where CNX is not the operator, which may restrict our operational and corporate flexibility; 
 CONSOL Energy may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future and such indemnities may not be sufficient to hold us harmless from the full amount of liabilities for which CONSOL Energy may be allocated responsibility; 
 cyber-incidents could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations; 
 terrorist activities could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations; 
 certain other factors addressed in this report and in the 2023 Form 10-K under "Risk Factors". 
 
 Although forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs at the time they are made, they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. For more information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those conveyed in the forward-looking statements, including, among others, that our business plans may change as circumstances warrant, please refer to the "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Statements" sections of the 2023 Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise, unless required by law. 
 
 55 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 In addition to the risks inherent in operations, CNX is exposed to certain financial, market, political and economic risks. The following discussion provides additional detail regarding CNX's exposure to the risks of changing commodity prices, interest rates and foreign exchange rates. 
 
 CNX is exposed to market price risk in the normal course of selling natural gas and liquids. CNX uses fixed-price contracts, options and derivative commodity instruments (over-the-counter swaps) to minimize exposure to market price volatility in the sale of natural gas and NGLs. Under our risk management policy, it is not our intent to engage in derivative activities for speculative purposes. Typically, CNX "sells" swaps under which it receives a fixed price from counterparties and pays a floating market price, but occasionally CNX may find it advantageous to purchase, rather than "sell", financial swaps. 
 
 CNX has established risk management policies and procedures to strengthen the internal control environment of the marketing of commodities produced from its asset base. All of the derivative instruments without other risk assessment procedures are held for purposes other than trading. They are used primarily to mitigate uncertainty and volatility and cover underlying exposures. The Company's market risk strategy incorporates fundamental risk management tools to assess market price risk and establish a framework in which management can maintain a portfolio of transactions within predefined risk parameters. 
 
 CNX believes that the use of derivative instruments, along with our risk assessment procedures and internal controls, mitigates our exposure to material pricing risks. The use of derivative instruments without other risk assessment procedures could materially affect the Company's results of operations depending on market prices; however, we believe that use of these instruments will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or liquidity due to our risk assessment procedures and internal controls. 
 For a summary of accounting policies related to derivative instruments, see Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 CNX's open derivative instruments can cause earnings volatility relative to changes in market prices until the derivative contracts are either settled or are monetized prior to settlement. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 our open derivative instruments were in net liability positions with fair values of 179 million and 56 million, respectively. A sensitivity analysis has been performed to determine the incremental effect on future earnings related to open derivative instruments at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. A hypothetical 10 percent increase in future natural gas prices would have decreased the fair value by 472 million and 557 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. A hypothetical 10 percent decrease in future natural gas prices would have increased the fair value by 472 million and 557 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 CNX's interest expense is sensitive to changes in the general level of interest rates in the United States. The Company has used derivative instruments in the past in order to manage risk related to interest rates, although there are currently no active agreements (see Note 12 Derivative Instruments in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for more information). At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, CNX had 2,118 million and 2,065 million, respectively, of aggregate principal amount of debt outstanding under fixed-rate instruments, including unamortized debt issuance costs of 10 million and 12 million, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, CNX had 180 million and 157 million, respectively, of debt outstanding under variable-rate instruments. CNX s primary exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates to the CNX Credit Facility, under which there were 153 million borrowings at September 30, 2024 and 52 million borrowings at December 31, 2023, and the CNXM Credit Facility, under which there were 27 million of borrowings at September 30, 2024 and 105 million at December 31, 2023. A hypothetical 100 basis-point increase in the average rate for CNX's variable-rate instruments would decrease pre-tax future earnings as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 by 2 million on an annualized basis. 
 
 All of the Company s transactions are denominated in U.S. dollars and, as a result, it does not have material exposure to currency exchange-rate risks. 

56 

Natural Gas Hedging Volumes 
 
 As of October 4, 2024, the Company's hedged volumes for the periods indicated are as follows: For the Three Months Ended March 31, June 30, September 30, December 31, Total Year 2024 Fixed Price Volumes Hedged Bcf N/A N/A N/A 114.9 114.9 Weighted Average Hedge Price per Mcf N/A N/A N/A 2.57 2.57 2025 Fixed Price Volumes Hedged Bcf 98.8 103.3 104.4 104.4 410.9 Weighted Average Hedge Price per Mcf 2.61 2.58 2.58 2.57 2.58 2026 Fixed Price Volumes Hedged Bcf 86.7 86.0 86.8 86.8 344.6 Weighted Average Hedge Price per Mcf 2.58 2.55 2.55 2.52 2.55 2027 Fixed Price Volumes Hedged Bcf 63.7 62.7 63.4 60.8 248.9 Weighted Average Hedge Price per Mcf 3.27 3.26 3.26 3.30 3.27 2028 Fixed Price Volumes Hedged Bcf 4.7 4.7 4.7 4.8 18.9 Weighted Average Hedge Price per Mcf 3.21 3.21 3.21 3.21 3.21 
 Quarterly volumes do not add to annual volumes inasmuch as a discrete condition in individual quarters, where basis hedge volumes exceed NYMEX hedge volumes, does not exist for the year taken as a whole. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures. CNX, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including CNX s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s "disclosure controls and procedures," as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, CNX s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of September 30, 2024 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by CNX in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and includes controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by CNX in such reports is accumulated and communicated to CNX s management, including CNX s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting . There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

57 

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The first through the third paragraphs of Note 11 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 From time to time, CNX and federal, state, and local regulatory agencies that oversee CNX s activities enter into agreements regarding notices of noncompliance. CNX is currently not aware of any significant legal or governmental proceedings contemplated to be brought against us, under the various environmental protection statutes to which the Company is subject to, that would have a material effect on future financial results. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The financial conditions and operating results of the Company can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including but not limited to those described in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in the 2023 Form 10-K. The risks described could materially and adversely affect CNX's business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. CNX may experience additional risks and uncertainties not currently known; or, as a result of developments occurring in the future, conditions that are currently deemed to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect CNX's business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. There have been no material changes to the Company s risk factors as set forth in the 2023 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 The following table sets forth repurchases of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 2 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (000's omitted) July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 861,478 25.55 860,589 1,012,981 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 797,046 26.56 790,103 991,993 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 698,110 28.78 694,570 972,000 Total 2,356,634 2,345,262 
 
 (1) Includes shares of common stock withheld from employees to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of restricted stock during the period. 
 (2) Shares repurchased as part of the Company's current 2,900 million share repurchase program authorized by CNX's Board of Directors, which is not subject to an expiration date. See Note 15 Stock Repurchase in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for more information. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Trading Arrangements 
 
 None of the Company s directors or "officers," as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act , modified, or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or a "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, during the Company s fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

58 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 Filed herewith 
 
 In accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not filed. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Dated: October 24, 2024 
 CNX RESOURCES CORPORATION By: / S / N ICHOLAS J. D EIULIIS 
 Nicholas J. DeIuliis Director, Chief Executive Officer and President (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer) By: / S / ALAN K. SHEPARD 
 Alan K. Shepard Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) By: / S / JASON L. MUMFORD 
 Jason L. Mumford Vice President and Controller 

59 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cnx93024-ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Nicholas J. DeIuliis, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of CNX Resources Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 24, 2024 s Nicholas J. DeIuliis Nicholas J. DeIuliis Chief Executive Officer and President and Director (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cnx93024-ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Alan K. Shepard, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of CNX Resources Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 24, 2024 s Alan K. Shepard Alan K. Shepard Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cnx93024-ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 I, Nicholas J. DeIuliis, President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) of CNX Resources Corporation (the Registrant ), certify that to my knowledge, based upon a review of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, of the Registrant (the Report 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Date October 24, 2024 s Nicholas J. DeIuliis Nicholas J. DeIuliis Chief Executive Officer and President and Director (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 cnx93024-ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 I, Alan K. Shepard, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) of CNX Resources Corporation (the Registrant ), certify that to my knowledge, based upon a review of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, of the Registrant (the Report 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Date October 24, 2024 s Alan K. Shepard Alan K. Shepard Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cnx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cnx-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cnx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cnx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cnx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

